 through killing. Kill until these people tremble in fear, only then will they not dare to lightly provoke us.” Fang Yuan smiled coldly, his eyes filled with thick killing intent.

Fang Yuan was fully aware that reputation was very important when one went outside.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were living in Shang clan city all this while, although their fame had spread, it was mostly limited to within the city.

Most people had not heard about Fang and Bai.

Killing all that stands in their way, killing to gain fame; this would be an enormous help to Fang Yuan’s future plans.

“Alright. Let’s continue using breath concealment Gu and hide our rank four aura. Killing like this is really splendid and very interesting. We can leave deep impressions on others and make them remember us for their whole lives.” Bai Ning Bing smiled, her blue eyes shone with cold light. Her beauty was like that of a snow fairy, untouched by the mortal world. Her tone, however, was like a bloody, poisonous scorpion, and was filled with terrifying killing intent.

Breath concealing Gu was only a rank three Gu ; Fang and Bai were barely able to use it to conceal their rank four cultivation.

Fang Yuan advanced to rank four initial stage and he needed to replace many of his Gu. Bai Ning Bing was also the same.

“Three kings inheritance has many of the Gu I need. As long as I obtain those Gu, my set of strength path Gu worms will push towards completion. It will also provide me great help in advancing to rank five and allow me to dominate the mortal realm.”

“Calculating the time, the Hu Immortal blessed land in central continent should also have opened. Fairy Bai Hu was a rank six Gu immortal and the inheritance she had left behind is intact, it is many times better than the three kings inheritance. Unfortunately, I am not in central continent. No, even if I were in central continent, I am not a disciple of the ten great sects and thus cannot participate in the contest at Tian Ti mountain. Sigh, such a pity…”

Fang Yuan gazed far away towards the direction of central continent before continuing to move forward.

Bai Ning Bing was silent as she walked alongside Fang Yuan.

The two crossed mountains and charged around everywhere; they would directly kill any demonic Gu Masters or righteous Gu Masters they met.

Their vicious reputation quickly spread.

In Fang Yuan’s view, at every stage, there was an appropriate manner to developing oneself.

When one was weak, they should keep a low profile and do things secretly, suffering patiently and growing stealthily. When they were strong, they should spread their name and strike when the timing was right, making others feel fear and terror.

Sometimes, reputation was a much stronger weapon than strength.

Soon, Bai Ning Bing realized the advantage of reputation.

When they had just started on the journey, the Gu Masters along the way often tried to make things difficult for them. Just like that old monster Hei Shi, daring to jump out with just a mere rank three cultivation.

Fang and Bai were young, moreover Bai Ning Bing’s stunning appearance caused others to have an impulse to commit crime.

Now, however, even though Fang and Bai were using breath concealment Gu and hiding their cultivation, their path was unimpeded, saving them a lot of trouble.

They had yet to truly reach San Cha mountain but their evil reputation had already spread till there.

Good deeds remain obscured while bad deeds spread over a thousand miles.

Such evil reputation was the fastest to spread.

Right now, everyone knew there were two terrifying demonic path rising stars, rank four geniuses, killing their way towards San Cha mountain, two who were very aggressive and easily killed people.

…

This day, they finally reached the foot of San Cha mountain.

Sounds of a fight suddenly came from ahead.

“Don’t come here, don’t come!” A female Gu Master shouted with terror all over her face and was faintly gasping; her clothing in rags, revealing her beautiful shoulders and thighs.

“Hehehe, little beauty, quietly obey us.”

“If you resist anymore, be careful that I might just slash your pretty face!”

“Don’t resist. Let us big brothers give you a taste of euphoria, hahaha….”

The demonic Gu Masters’ eyes shone with a wolf-like green light as they continuously charged towards the female Gu Master.

The female Gu Master resisted with all her might, but she was alone and her strength was not enough; the situation was in full control of the several demonic Gu Masters.

“Damn it, damn it!” The female Gu Master bit her full lower lip with her pure white teeth, her face filled with anxiety and terror.

She retreated bit by bit, the clothings on her body were slowly cut open. Her smooth legs were exposed and her thick hair was in a mess. As she escaped, her chest bobbed like a white rabbit which provoked the attacking demonic Gu Masters to let out wolfish howls.

“Can anyone save me? Can anyone save me? I have thirty thousand primeval stones here!” The female Gu Master shouted, her weak voice further stimulate the desire in these Gu Masters.

“Nobody moves!”

“This little girl is our, Ten Tyrants’, prey. Wait till our boss comes over.”

“That’s right, we don’t want the thirty thousand primeval stones. We will enjoy this first, the rest of you can take turns later. Gahaha….”

Some righteous Gu Masters were just about to make their moves to rescue the girl, but when they heard the name of Ten Tyrants, they immediately chose to shrink back.

The boss of the Ten Tyrants was a rank four Gu Master!

“Who can save me, please save me…” The female Gu Master shouted sadly like the lament of a cuckoo. She kept on running, asking for help everywhere, but wherever she went, the Gu Masters would all retreat and avoid her.

Only Fang and Bai stood on their spots, watching indifferently.

“Two lords, please, I pray you for mercy, please save me.” The female Gu Master’s eyes shone with hope; the weeping beauty ran towards Fang Yuan and pleaded.

“Where did these two brats come from, mind your own business!”

“We are Nan mountain’s Ten Tyrants, you two young juniors… eh? This can’t be!”

These few demonic Gu Masters suddenly paled when they recognized Fang and Bai’s identity.

“Although that person is disguising as a male, she is a female. These two, one man and one woman; black cloth, black hair and black eyes; white cloth, silver hair and blue eyes, aren’t they the recently famous…”

“Black and white twin demons!”

The demonic Gu Masters immediately stopped, they fixed their gazes at Fang and Bai with profound fear.

Fang and Bai’s reputation were the number one thing they heard recently.

These two might be young, but were true geniuses of the demonic path. They were both extremely ruthless and had a murderous nature. Most importantly, they both had rank four cultivation.

Such cultivation was terrifying!

Rank one were considered substandard, rank two could be said to be lackeys while rank three were the main pillars and held their own.

Rank four were already experts among Gu Masters, and were the leaders of ordinary clans. Even in Ten Tyrants, only their boss was at rank four middle stage.

As for rank five, they stood at the peak of the mortal world and were very few in numbers. Even in southern border with hundreds of thousands of mountains and countless heroes, there were only over a hundred rank five Gu Masters.

“Lord twin demons, save me, please save me!” The female Gu Master found a way out of her predicament and knelt on the ground in front of Fang and Bai, imploring.

The surrounding Gu Masters all casted their gazes here.

“These two are the black and white twin demons who just recently became famous, they are unexpectedly so young!”

“Ten Tyrants against black and white twin demons; one has been famous for a long time while the other are rising stars of the demonic path, this should be interesting.”

“As long as the boss of the Ten Tyrants does not show up, they are no match for black and white twin demons. Black and white twin demons got a bargain, getting that beauty for free. Pfft, little beast king will have beauties on his left and right, he really has luck with women.”

Under everyone’s gazes, Fang Yuan took a light step back.

“Save you, why would I save you? Because of your superficial beauty, or do you think I am a kind person and like helping people?” Fang Yuan looked down at the kneeling Gu Master, his gaze cold and indifferent.

The female Gu Master stupidly raised her head to look at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan coldly smiled then looked at the Ten Tyrants’ members behind him: “You can continue, I won’t make a move. I’ve had such a tedious journey coming here, please do give me a good show.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 338: Hu Mei Er 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Hearing Fang Yuan say that, a few members of Ten Tyrants showed a softer expression.

Next, one of them pounced and kept the female Gu Master on the ground.

The female Gu Master struggled to no avail, as this member of Ten Tyrants laughed and pulled with his demonic palm.

Tsk… 

The silk clothing of the female Gu Master was torn open, showing her underwear.

Such a scene caused the people to howl like a wolf, as the demonic Gu Masters were very aroused.

Many righteous Gu Masters gritted their teeth secretly.

Someone wanted to stop them, but was stopped by another: “Don’t do anything. There is not only the Ten Tyrants here, but also the black and white twin demons, are you courting death?”

“Moreover, that female Gu Master is not a righteous character. You don’t have to involve yourself.”

“Damn, members of the demonic path are truly scum of the world, unscrupulous and shameless!” Some Gu Masters were indignant, clenching their fists.

Many female Gu Masters looked away, shutting their eyes.

“No, no! I’m begging you, please stop…” That female Gu Master cried out in despair.

Bai Ning Bing was expressionless, as she stared at Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was sneering, looking at the scene.

“My respects to the two black and white twin demons. We will report your act of friendship to our boss, since you gave the opportunity to us and merely watched.” A Gu Master of Ten Tyrants walked up and cupped his fists towards Fang and Bai, smiling respectfully.

The other members walked to the female Gu Master.

One of them spit out some phlegm, cursing: “Little slut, do you think you can seduce the two lord black and white twin demons by begging? Naive! Stupid!”

“You sure ran fast, next I will make sure you enjoy yourself! Hehehe…” Another person laughed lecherously, looking extremely perverted.

As for the person on top of the female Gu Master, he was about to ‘attack’.

At this moment, a pink light appeared from the female Gu Master’s body, and exploded.

The male Gu Master was caught off guard and sent flying. He was like a comet, flying far away, landing after a hundred steps away, fainted.

“What?!”

“This female Gu Master is trying something funny, let’s attack together!”

“What guts! You dare to resist us?”

The other members of the Ten Tyrants shouted as they pounced at the female Gu Master.

But the next moment, the pink light flashed again, and intense screams were heard.

The members of Ten Tyrant were sent flying all together.

The pink light displayed the female Gu Master’s overwhelming battle strength, as she had a alluring and evil gaze, the disguise on her was completely removed, showing her true flirtatious appearance.

The members of Ten Tyrant were lying on the ground, shocked.

Who knows what methods she used, causing them to be weak and powerless on the ground, unable to get up.

The fierce and evil Ten Tyrant members were actually not the female Gu Master’s match.

Such a sudden change caused everyone’s expressions to change. Many people watched speechlessly, extremely surprised.

Only Fang Yuan’s expression remained the same, as if he knew all along.

The female Gu Master laughed, after showing her true appearance, her alluring eyes were soul-stealing. A slender body with perfect curves, like a flowering peach in spring, made everyone extremely comfortable.

During this period, the members of Ten Tyrant got up.

Their strength slowly recovered.

But even so, the shock on their faces were still apparently. They felt a real rank four aura from the female Gu Master.

This female Gu Master’s cultivation, was actually rank four!

Numerous people’s expressions changed when they found out.

“Little beast king, you left a maiden in distress, are you a man?” The female Gu Master looked at Fang Yuan, showing an upset, annoyed expression, causing people greatly pity her.

At once, all the males stared at her fixedly.

Many Gu Master started to be jealous Fang Yuan. If this woman would give them one glance, it was worth dying for!

But Fang Yuan had no emotions, his tone was like ice, chilling to the bone: “Hu Mei Er, do you think this level of acting can trick me?”

The female Gu Master’s pupils shrunk.

She did not expect Fang Yuan to expose her identity so easily.

But she quickly recovered, her lips pouting: “To think that my lowly name is known by lord little beast king. It is my great honor, but, before I exposed my true appearance, how did lord manage to find out?”

Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Before you showed your true self, I was only guessing. But whether I guessed right or wrong, I have no losses, am I right?”

Even if Hu Mei Er was a demonic Gu Master, upon hearing Fang Yuan’s cruel words, her heart chilled.

“It is actually her…”

“This woman is famous in the demonic path, she is very scary. An expert at disguise, don’t be moved by her appearance, she is a demoness that devours people whole, she is completely ruthless!”

“Hu Mei Er has a broad network, she has slept with many demonic Gu Masters, why did the Ten Tyrants provoke her?”

Ten Tyrant’s members helped each other up as their faces were pale without a trace of blood.

By now, they had already understood, they were obviously toyed by Hu Mei Er.

Hu Mei Er had rank four cultivation, it was easy for her to deal with them. Her earlier disguise and performance was just to toy with them, she was trying to use them to probe and get close to the black and white demons.

But little beast king had sharp eyes, he actually saw through her disguise.

“Hahaha, Fang Zheng, you are truly heartless… But don’t be too smug. You two have been too famous these few days, now the entire San Cha mountain knows that two demonic path geniuses are here. Be it righteous or demonic path, many seniors and experts are now trying to test you. You have offended many people, I advise you to stop here. Otherwise, you might lose your life when you ascend the mountain.” Hu Mei Er laughed.

“Oh? That means, you are the first person sent to test us? Hehe, why are you worrying about our safety? As for offending people? The one thing I am not afraid of is offending people. So what if I offend every human alive?” Fang Yuan spoke plainly, but his words were chilling.

Hu Mei Er listened as her eyes glowed brightly, showing excitement in her eyes.

She laughed while covering her mouth: “Well said! What great courage, I like it. Not afraid to offend people? Then let me tell you, you looked down on my appearance, that is offending me. In this world, only villains and women are hard to please. I am not only a woman, but also a villain. Hehehe, little beast king, let’s see who laughs till the end! I hope you can leave the mountain alive!”

Hu Mei Er said with a sharp gaze as she turned to leave immediately.

Everyone watched her pink dress flutter in the wind, her beautiful appearance as she left, leaving everyone speechless.

“Hu Mei Er…” Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.

This Hu Mei Er was a demoness in the demonic path. She was very mysterious, no one knew her origins. In his previous life, she was very active, causing problems everywhere, sowing discord, causing fights and disputes wherever she went.

She cultivated the enchantment path, specifically, enchanting people. Using her appearance, she controlled many demonic experts, and she had many puppets all over southern border, among them, there were even rank five Gu Masters.

There were even rank four Gu Masters who fought due to jealousy over her.

However, others did not know her origins, but Fang Yuan knew.

This demoness had a great origin, she was the granddaughter of granny Mei Hua.

Granny Mei Hua was a rank six Gu Immortal in southern border, occupying the Mei Hua blessed land.

The demoness seduced men all over southern border, and had a specific interest in young men. In his previous life, a hundred years from now, she would gather her force and head to Xi Yang mountain.

Nobody knew what happened on the mountain, but the result was, she alone left the mountain.

What was worth mentioning was, she ascended the mountain as a rank four Gu Master, but she descended as rank five peak stage.

“This demoness has an unspeakable secret. Right now, she is starting to display her enchantment path and recruiting people. To think that she would develop an interest in me this time.”

Fang Yuan compared his lives, and exclaimed.

He used the advantages of rebirth to grow quickly, and became chosen by Hu Mei Er. Hu Mei Er was interested in his potential, and wanted to seduce him into her puppet.

But how could that happen?

“Hmph, in the five hundred years of my past life, I had already eliminated my mortal desires. But the enchantment path has its strengths, I cannot be unguarded… Hu Mei Er must’ve gone to incite people to find trouble with me. She has the Gu from granny Mei Hua, if I want to kill her, I will need ample preparation and isolate that Gu from her. Hehe, I wonder which blind fool would dare to find trouble with me.”

Fang Yuan analyzed in his heart.

Since he could not kill Hu Mei Er at the moment, he could only deal with the situation step-by-step.

Right now, Hu Mei Er’s enchantment path had not reached greater success, she only had rank four Gu Masters under her charm.

As long as they are not rank five, Fang Yuan had no fear. He was confident that with his experience and this set of Gu worms, even if he cannot win, he will not lose.

…

Central continent, Tian Ti mountain.

Riding the flying crane, Fang Zheng and others travelled days and nights before arriving.

Before them, many elite disciples from the other ten sects had already arrived.

“It is the people from Immortal Crane Sect.”

“Hmm? Why did Fairy Bi Xia from Heavenly Lotus Sect come with Immortal Crane Sect?”

“Who is that lad? Fairy Bi Xia is talking so happily with him, I have never seen Fairy Bi Xia speak so nicely to a guy from the same generation before.”

Fang Zheng and the others’ arrival attracted everyone’s attention.

“Bi Xia, you arrived too. Do you know, since our last separation, I have been wanting to meet you again. This time, at the Hu Immortal Inheritance, I expected you to come. Thus, I begged my master to let me come here as well.” A young man saw Fairy Bi Xia and quickly came over.

Bi Xia was speaking and laughing with Fang Zheng, but upon seeing him, her smile vanished.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Oh, it is Sir Wei… no need to worry, thanks to young hero Fang Zheng, Bi Xia is safe and sound.” Fairy Bi Xia avoided Wei Wu Shang’s gaze and greeted.

“Young hero Fang?” Wei Wu Shang squinted, looking at Fang Zheng who was standing beside Fairy Bi Xia.

“Hello, I am Immortal Crane Sect’s Fang Zheng.” Fang Zheng smiled lightly, cupping his fists and greeting, oozing with friendliness.

“Young hero Fang Zheng, an elite disciple of Immortal Crane Sect, the number one in the most recent middle examination. He can control ten thousand cranes, thanks to these cranes, we could reach Tian Ti mountain so quickly.”

Fairy Bi Xia said while looking at Fang Zheng, her face blushing shyly, as her tone carried a faint sweetness.

Along the way, she had conversed with Fang Zheng, and felt that they hit it off.

“Immortal Crane? These are just ironbeak flying ranes, although the number is a little large.” Wei Wu Shang’s eyes shone coldly, feeling extremely angry towards Fang Zheng.

He gritted his teeth, greeting Fang Zheng back: “Fang Zheng, you are an elite disciple of Immortal Crane Sect? That’s great. I’ve long heard of Immortal Crane Sect’s crane manipulation skill, I have always wanted to face-off against it. I would appreciate it if you would spar with me.”

Saying so, Wei Wu Shang took large steps forward, his eyes glowing with overbearingness as he stared at Fang Zheng.

Fang Zheng was stunned, as he sensed animosity, feeling absurdity from the issue.

“Hahaha.” In his mind, Lord Sky Crane laughed loudly: “A beauty’s gratitude is the biggest problem, my disciple, the act of saving that little lass Bi Xia has brought you many enemies. This young girl Bi Xia is a great beauty, now that she likes you, you have trouble ahead. This Wei Wu Shang is your first challenger.”

“Huh? Likes me?” Fang Zheng shouted in his mind.

Speaking of love, he felt a deep sorrow in his heart.

These years, he had a girl’s image deep in his heart.

She was a mortal, she was very normal, very ordinary, and much much inferior to Fairy Bi Xia. But in Fang Zheng’s heart, she had an extraordinary cuteness.

The times he spent with her, were the best memories in Fang Zheng’s heart.

 Unfortunately, she was already dead, no longer in this world.

She was Shen Cui, Fang Zheng’s former servant.

Thinking of Shen Cui, Fang Yuan’s heart sank: “The girl I liked is dead. Master, you know how hard I’ve worked these years, my biggest goal is to defeat my brother and take revenge for my ancestors, my uncle and aunt, Shen Cui, lord clan leader, lord Qing Shu, and fulfill their wishes. Although Gu Yue village was destroyed, the Gu Yue bloodline still exists!”

“Hahaha, my foolish disciple, even if that is what you want, this Wei Wu Sheng will not let you off. Since you decided to save Fairy Bi Xia, why didn’t you realize that?” Lord Sky Crane laughed.

“But… I do not want to spar with him. I’ve heard of this Wei Wu Shang in Immortal Crane Sect. He is a healing Gu Master, a rising star in Heaven’s Envy Sect, a strong A grade aptitude genius. He is most skilled in healing himself, often leaving unscathed after a battle. If I battle him, even if I win, my condition will not be at its peak. It will negatively affect my performance when competing for the Gu Immortal Inheritance.”

Lord Sky Crane laughed heartily: “Don’t worry, go ahead and fight. The Hu Immortal Inheritance on Tian Ti mountain is special. It will not make you compete in terms of battle strength, it is a contest of willpower and determination. With my soul assisting you secretly, you have a great advantage!”

After pausing for a while, Lord Sky Crane continued: “You are still too young, you do not know the usefulness of reputation. Sometimes, reputation is more useful than strength, this is a rare opportunity, defeat these challengers and improve your reputation. Use the flying cranes and don’t worry about their deaths. We have lots of cranes in Immortal Crane Sect, even if you use them all, we can return to the sect and replenish your army.”

Hearing his master say so, Fang Zheng sighed, saying to Wei Wu Shang: “Since you want to battle, so be it.”

“Excellent! Please.” Wei Wu Shang sneered, stomping and shooting into the air like lightning.

Fang Zheng did not show any weakness, waving his hand and stepping on a flying crane, as ten thousand cranes cried out together, as if greeting their king.

Once the battle began, everyone got excited.

“Boss Fang Zheng, all the best, defeat this sissy from Heaven’s Envy Sect!” Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples shouted.

“Junior brother Wei, teach this lad a lesson.” Wei Wu Sheng had his supporters.

Wei Wu Shang nodded, intense battle intent burning in his eyes.

He was the leader of the elite disciples sent by Heaven’s Envy Sect this time, Fang Zheng’s ten thousand crane group could scare ordinary elite disciples, but not him.

He had his own trump card!

“Battle!” Wei Wu Shang activated the Gu worms in his body, as his body flashed in the air and vanished.

The next moment, the space was torn apart as he travelled through several hundred steps away, directly appearing in front of Fang Zheng.

“Space piercing Gu?!” Even Lord Sky Crane was shocked.

An intense battle unfolded.

At the same time, on San Cha mountain.

In a certain cave, the Ten Tyrants gathered.

“That means, you were all used by Hu Mei Er to test the Black and White Demons?!” The leader of Ten Tyrants, “Tyrant Heng Mei”, muttered.

“That’s right, boss, that demoness tricked us all, and even injured seventh and tenth brother. Boss, you have to avenge us!” The second brother of Ten Tyrants shouted.

Smack!

Tyrant Heng Mei slapped.

The second brother of Ten Tyrant was harshly slapped on his cheeks, his body turning on the spot.

“Bo… boss!” He held his face, looking at Tyrant Heng Mei in shock.

“Heavily injured? That is perfect, as long as they’re not dead. You bunch with sperms for brains, control your lower body. I instructed you earlier to mind your actions and words already, do you really think this is still Nan mountain?!”

Tyrant Heng Mei scolded: “Wrong! This is San Cha mountain!”

“Be it Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian, or Wu Shen Tong, Yi Chong, all of them can kill you like an ant easily. Although you have rank three cultivation, what is the most important reason you are able to stay here? Isn’t it all due to me!”

“Hmph, this matter is a warning to all of you. I have to tell you, don’t find problems with Hu Mei Er. This demoness seduces men to their death, she has a wide network. She is involved with Lin San Chi, has rumors with Li Xian, and even Mo Wu Tian.”

Tyrant Heng Mei’s words shocked the nine brothers.

Lin San Chi was a rank four demonic Gu Master, he was not only skilled in the metal path, but was also an earth path Gu Master. His metal and earth specialty was renowned through the land.

Li Xiao was similarly just as strong, he was not a native of southern border, but came from eastern sea. He was an unscrupulous merchant famous among the demonic path members, most skilled at finding opportunities to buy low and sell high. His network and human relationships were wide, many demonic Gu Master’s loot were sold off by him.

As for Mo Wu Tian, he is even scarier.

He inherited a mysterious inheritance of an ancient Gu Immortal, and was the number one rising star of the demonic path, an absolute young genius.

Be it Lin San Chi, Li Xian, or Mo Wu Tian, they are all rank four Gu Masters.

“These famous people are all related to that demoness?” The members of Ten Tyrant heard this and went pale, their hearts palpitating with fear.

“I’ll tell you one last time, this is not Nan mountain! Sigh, I asked you all to use your brains often and learn from mistakes, but you refuse to listen. Sigh, this three kings inheritance is not a small matter. Who knows how many formidable characters would show up.” Tyrant Heng Mei sighed as he said.

The other brothers looked at each other, speechless.

Tyrant Heng Mei saw that the time was right, and changed the topic: “But no need to worry, on San Cha mountain now, the rank four and five Gu Masters are restraining each other, no one dares to act rashly. We the Ten Tyrants of Nan mountain are not to be trifled with. We cannot take this lying down, let’s go, accompany me to find the black and white demons.”

“Boss, you’re going personally to find the black and white demons?” Someone expressed shock.

“Boss, you are rank four middle stage, a senior of the demonic path, when you were roaming in the world, they were still babies.”

“That’s right, boss, we’ll go and ask them to come. You giving them an audience is their honor.”

“Hmph, what do you know!” Tyrant Heng Mei chided: “The black and white demons are so young. The fact that they did not attack you this time means they know of my name, and know how to hold back. But they are youngsters, they love their ‘face’. If I put down my ego and go to meet them personally, it is giving them full respect. Next, if I mention working together and come up with a plan to deal with Hu Mei Er, they are sure to agree. Hehehe…”

“Boss, I understand. You are using them as the vanguard!”

“Boss, you are a genius. This ‘Black and White Demons’ are only around twenty years old, they are too young. Now, they and Hu Mei Er are at odds, if they hear your suggestion, they would be extremely thrilled.”

“Once boss plans, it truly is phenomenal!”

The Ten Tyrant members started bootlicking their boss.

“Hahaha.” Tyrant Heng Mei laughed loudly, waving his hand: “Brother, come with me to visit the black and white demons!”

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked up at San Cha mountain peak.

This San Cha mountain has a peculiar design, from the mountain foot, it goes up to three hills, looking from afar, it resembles a fork with three tips, pointing at the sky.

Above the three peaks are the entrances to the three kings inheritance.

Every once in a while, the mountain peak would shoot out three beams of light, and allow people to enter.

Once the number of people reach an amount, the light pillar to vanish, and the entrance would disappear.

After that, Gu Masters who failed to pass through the tests would be thrown out from time to time. Of course, there are also many deaths inside the inheritance every time.

“There is about eight days till the next opening of the inheritance. Let’s find a place to settle down for now.” Fang Yuan gave the surroundings a sweeping gaze as he saw a cave in the middle of the mountain waist.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 340: Beaten to a pulp 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

San Cha mountain was originally a place no one showed interest towards; and was a place Che clan and Zuo clan had interactions.

However, since the inheritance opened, it had become extremely lively and there would be people moving through the forests frequently.

Clashes and disputes occurred frequently, right now it was still relatively peaceful.

Every time the light pillar opened, the entry quota was limited. At that time, it would be a scene of carnage at San Cha mountain.

To fight for a chance to enter the inheritance, all the Gu Masters chose to stay on the mountain.

This led to a phenomenon. The stronger the Gu Masters, the closer towards the mountain peak they stayed. This caused them to be in a favorable position when the inheritance appeared, since they could much easily rush towards it.

The cave Fang Yuan chose was on the middle of the mountain. From the traces around the cave, there was clearly someone living in it.

Sure enough, when they got near the cave, a loud and clear voice was transmitted from within the cave: “This is my, Mang Kuang’s, territory. Get lost, or else you will die a violent death!”

“Hahaha, Mang Kuang? What crap is that! This place is pretty good, I have taken a liking to it, get lost.” Fang Yuan laughed outside the cave and issued an ultimatum.

“Screw your gr*ndmother, you want it the hard way! Since you are looking to die, then don’t blame me for being ruthless!”

Following the voice, a burly man walked out of the cave.

His upper body was bare; he was wearing a worn-out hemp knitted shorts; cyan snake scales covered his whole body; his face was covered with long beard; blood veins showed on his eyes; and his black hair fell down his head in disarray. He walked out of the cave looking like a furious fiend.

“Two blind fools… eh?!”

Mang Kuang looked at Fang and Bai, he was cursing with his rough voice when suddenly his pupils shrunk and his jaw opened wide. His gaze revealed a bewildered expression.

“You two, could you be the black and white twin demons?”

“What do you think?” Bai Ning Bing laughed faintly, her blue eyes flashing with killing intent.

Mang Kuang only felt chills rising from his back and spreading over his body in seconds.

Black and white twin demons were rank four Gu Masters, while he was only at rank three upper stage. Moreover, he had heard about how these two killed without blinking their eyes, and how cruel their methods were.

“Damn it! I have been hiding here without doing anything, what did I do to deserve this? This really is misfortune dropping from the sky…” Mang Kuang’s thoughts were in disorder.

In an instant, the vicious face suddenly changed; the raised eyebrows drooped, the wide opened eyes narrowed down to a slit, the bent corner of his lips immediately rose up into a smile; he did everything he could to show his goodwill.

“It is my greatest fortune in this life for both lords to take a liking to my cave!”

Mang Kuang bent his back and rubbed his hands, giving a flattering smile towards Fang and Bai.

His body was tall and robust but when he shrunk down and bent his back, his original rampant domineering aura immediately disappeared into oblivion; this matched with his boorish appearance was simply like a clown fiesta.

“Hmm, you are sensible, you can get lost now.” Fang Yuan waved his hand.

“Yes, yes, yes.” Mang Kuang seemed to have received an amnesty as he slipped out and immediately ran far away.

After forcing out Mang Kuang, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing entered the cave together.

The cave was already arranged properly by Mang Kuang and they did not need to waste their energy to make any arrangements.

“San Cha mountain is filled with danger, we will take turns to stay guard at night for the next eight days. If one sleeps, the other must be awake.” Fang Yuan warned Bai Ning Bing.

“Naturally.” Bai Ning Bing nodded.

“Hui Mei Er won’t leave it at that, we will be facing constant troubles in these eight days. However, it is also good that these people are sending themselves to us, we can establish our might and that matches with our intention.”

Fang Yuan had just finished saying this when a voice came from outside the cave.

“Are black and white twin demons inside? I am Tyrant Heng Mei, I have long looked forward to meeting you two. This time, I especially came in to pay a visit.”

“Tyrant Heng Mei? Isn’t he the boss of Ten Tyrants? I heard he is very cruel, cultivates strength path, likes to eat little children’s flesh and has spread fear over Nanshan.” Bai Ning Bing glanced at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan sneered inside.

He had planned to go find trouble with this Tyrant Heng Mei, but to think the latter actually dropped in himself.

The two walked out of the cave and looked at the eight people standing outside the cave.

At the front was a robust body, bare and flat chest, black chest hair growing all over his chest. A dense aura of rank four middle stage was let out from all over his body.

However, this demonic path’s figure famous for his savageness was wearing a smile right now. When he saw Fang and Bai, he immediately cupped his hands and one could only take him as an elegant black bear at first glance.

“To think the black and white twin demons had such large background.” Tyrant Heng Mei had intentionally spoken in a loud voice and attracted the attention of many nearby Gu Masters.

“Even Tyrant Heng Mei came to pay a visit to them personally.” Many were surprised.

“Fortunately, I ran out….when did Tyrant Heng Mei become so polite?” Mang Kuang still had not run far away, right now he touched his chest and felt the lingering fear.

“Tyrant Heng Mei, it is good you came, I was just about to visit you.” Fang Yuan responded.

Tyrant Heng Mei’s smile became even deeper, thinking Fang Yuan was going to pay a visit to him.

But who knew Fang Yuan’s next words immediately caused his smile to stiffen.

“I heard you are also a strength path Gu Master, let’s enjoy a battle of life and death and determine who is stronger. I, Fang Zheng, am walking the strength path and am going to become the number one in the strength path! Hand over your life!”

Finished speaking, Fang Yuan activated his Gu and directly launched an assault at Tyrant Heng Mei.

“What?!” Tyrant Heng Mei came back to his senses, he was startled and also furious.

He had broken the tradition and came to pay a visit, but to think this ‘Fang Zheng’ was an ungrateful guy and attacked him without saying anything further.

This, what kind of person is this?

Is this still a person? The nerves in his brain are jumbled up, right?!

Fang Yuan did not care about his thoughts as he charged quickly towards Tyrant Heng Mei.

All-out effort Gu !

Without saying any words, he directly attacked.

Grrr!

A brown bear phantom appeared from behind him.

Violent strength Gu !

Tyrant Heng Mei opened his eyes with anger, he did not dodge put put his arms up to block head-on.

With the activation of violent strength Gu, his body enlarged and increased his strength sharply.

Bam!

Fang Yuan fiercely smashed into Tyrant Heng Mei, sending the latter back by five steps while he, himself, bounced back from the terrifying strength.

Tyrant Heng Mei was at rank four middle stage and commanded the other nine members of Ten Tyrants. He had lorded over Nan mountain for many years and had deep foundations.

“Hmph! Little beast king, I gave you face but you don’t know what’s good for you.” Tyrant Heng Mei shouted, but he did not take the initiative to attack.

He was at rank four middle stage and knew he was stronger after crossing one move with Fang Yuan since the latter was only at rank four initial stage.

However, there was not only one rank four on the scene, there was also Bai Ning Bing who was standing there.

Tyrant Heng Mei was sure of winning against Fang Zheng, but it would be very difficult for him to fight against two.

“Tyrant Heng Mei, why are you being so careful? Bai Ning Bing, you deal with the others, Tyrant Heng Mei is mine!” Fang Yuan laughed loudly and shrugged his shoulders before charging towards Tyrant Heng Mei again.

“I will give you five minutes, if you can’t finish it by then, I will take over.” Bai Ning Bing slightly raised her brows, her blue eyes flashing with sharp light.

“Boastful juniors!” Hearing Fang and Bai’s casual conversation, Tyrant Heng Mei felt his anger was about to burst out.

He had a violent temperament, he already outdid himself by maintaining his patience till now. Knowing that the situation was hard to improve, he threw away his other thoughts and let the murderous aura in his mind surge forth.

Fight!

Two sides collided.

Fang Yuan against Tyrant Heng Mei while Bai Ning Bing suppressed the remaining members of the Ten Tyrants.

It was a chaotic battlefield!

Boulders were smashed, mountain creeks ran dry, caves collapsed, and there were sounds of thunder-like explosions.

Tyrant Heng Mei became more fearful. Fang Yuan possessed bitter strength Gu , his strength and fighting strength grew the more injuries he suffered.

When he crossed moves against Fang Yuan just before, he had thought the so-called little beast king was no more than that.

Reaching the halfway stage, his expression turned grave.

And when Fang Yuan burst out with six beast phantoms at the same time, Tyrant Heng Mei’s face lost color.

“This little beast king, how could he be so strong?! Not only is his Gu worm combination superior to mine, he also has plentiful battle experience. How did he live to have such skillful and ruthless moves, there is not even a shadow of a young person in him. He is simply a hundred year old monster!”

“No wonder he acts so overbearingly, with such strength, even I would have no worries in acting like this. I have failed bad this time! I must retreat!”

Fang Yuan met frontal attacks with swift and fierce strikes, like a fierce tiger leaving the mountain or a flood dragon overturning the seas. Tyrant Heng Mei was gasping and his energy and blood were in disorder from Fang Yuan’s attacks.

The main point was, every time Fang Yuan suffered injuries, he would become stronger.

Now, Tyrant Heng Mei was already not able to continue fighting against Fang Yuan. If Fang Yuan became even stronger, that would be too horrible!

Every time Tyrant Heng Mei thought of this, his fighting spirit decreased by a little.

As the fight continued, he did not dare to attack at all. There were clear opportunities to attack Fang Yuan, but he started hesitating.

“What should I do, attack or not?”

With such thoughts, how could he fight well?

Tyrant Heng Mei was slowly falling into a passive situation; Fang Yuan however, had let go of all his apprehension, his attacks were like the tides, coming waves after waves, continuous and endless.

Beast phantoms flashed one after another in the air, there would be violent sounds every time Fang Yuan attacked.

The explosive sounds came again and again, all the people who heard it felt their hearts throb in fear.

“What kind of fierce offense is this?!”

“Even a formidable senior like Tyrant Heng Mei is not Fang Zheng’s match…”

“Fang Zheng is clearly at rank four initial stage but he is suppressing the middle stage Tyrant Heng Mei.”

“Little beast king…” Many people were secretly observing the battle and thought over this nickname of Fang Yuan.

“Who is the tyrant here?” Mang Kuang felt quite helpless. He could tell Fang Yuan was more brutish and more unreasonable than Tyrant Heng Mei. The fiendish Tyrant Heng Mei paled in comparison to Fang Zheng.

“Fang Zheng, don’t go too far!” Tyrant Heng Mei spurted out blood; his chest, arms and legs were all completely fractured. He wanted to retreat, but Fang Yuan had already seen through his plan. Bai Ning Bing killed the other members of the Ten Tyrants and firmly locked him down.

Howl howl howl!

Howl howl howl!

Fang Yuan pointed his finger, six large beast phantoms turned into solid forms and fell down from the sky, submerging Tyrant Heng Mei.

Bam!

A loud sound echoed and dust scattered everywhere.

Tyrant Heng Mei was beaten to a pulp, his internal organs and bone fragments splattered over the ground.

Gasp…

Countless sharp inhaling noises could be heard from the surroundings.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 341: What ferocity and wickedness! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Tian Ti mountain was the number one mountain in central continent. It was also called the land of inheritances and the mountain of sages.

Its height was over three thousand kilometers, it was imposing and had a grand presence. Its peak seemed to pierce through the skies and was hidden beyond the snowy fog and clouds.

What was extremely unusual was there were not many craggy rocks on the mountain.

Giant square shaped rocks reclined upon each other, stretching from the base of the mountain towards the top, forming stairs.

However, the scale of this stairs was so huge that there was an old legend about it in central continent saying the stairway reached the realm of the immortals and was a bridge connecting heaven and earth.

There were many touching, mysterious, tragic, and joyful stories revolving around Tian Ti mountain.

Tian Ti mountain became the holy land of central continent’s Gu Masters, a place closest to the immortal court. Many Gu Masters seeked for immortality but failed, and before death, they would place their tombs here. At the same time, a large majority of them would also set up their inheritances here.

Tian Ti mountain hid countless inheritances, and only those fated could obtain them.

Every year, after clouds and mist that covered it dispersed, Tian Ti mountain would experience an enormous flow of people. Many inheritances would be inherited, and many new inheritances would be set up.

However, this year was different.

This year, the inheritance that opened at Tian Ti mountain was Hu Immortal blessed land which led to the appearance of Gu Immortals. After discussing, they made an alliance and locked this mountain, setting up a contest for their sect’s juniors.

Right now, at the foot of Tian Ti mountain, an intense battle between the youngsters was already reaching its end.

Ten thousand cranes flew together and floated around Fang Zheng. Wei Wu Shang was panting and his clothes were in rags; he stared straight at Fang Zheng from within the layers of encirclement by the cranes.

“No, I haven’t lost yet! I still have my trump card!” Wei Wu Shang was not resigned to admit defeat after being at the losing end.

If it was an ordinary situation, he would have conceded defeat already. But god knew how many elite disciples were fixing their gazes at this match.

Wei Wu Shang was not representing only himself but also the Heaven’s Envy Sect behind him. At the same time, others did not matter but Fairy Bi Xia whom he admired was also watching the match.

“I cannot lose!” With this thought, Wei Wu Shang valiantly activated a Gu in his aperture.

He had always been hiding this Gu, not using it even at the important sect examination.

Once this Gu was activated, it created a colorless breeze.

The light breeze revolved around Wei Wu Shang’s body, moving his clothes and caressing his hair.

However, Fang Zheng looked like he was facing a great enemy.

It was because Lord Sky Crane had already reminded him loudly: “Not good! This kid actually has injury wind Gu. Defend, defend with all your might, this Gu can whip up injury wind; it looks light and harmless, but it is extremely terrifying. Heaven’s Envy Sect’s junior was not weak indeed. This seems to be his trump card!”

Injury wind blew; Fang Zheng completely gave up on attacking and used all his strength to defend.

Injury wind looked gentle, but wherever it blew, the cranes cried out in pain; countless ironbeak flying cranes crashed down to the ground like their wings were broken.

Injury wind blew on Fang Zheng’s body; the defensive light around his body continuously flickered.

Beads of sweat dripped from Fang Zheng’s forehead, he gritted his teeth and transferred the primeval essence from his aperture to his defensive Gu endlessly.

The stalemate lasted a while, finally Wei Wu Shang sighed inwardly and stopped activating injury wind Gu.

It was not that he did not want to continue the fight, but his aperture was already close to drying up.

Gu Masters all had a common point, that was when primeval essence was consumed, the Gu Master’s fighting strength would sharply decrease.

Rank one to rank five Gu Masters all suffered from the restraints of primeval essence. Only when they went beyond mortal and reached the realm of immortals, becoming a Gu Immortal, would they be able to have endless primeval essence.

“I lost.” Wei Wu Shang’s gaze was dark.

He had calculated it clearly: His primeval essence was exhausted and so he did not have any more strength to battle. However, Fang Zheng had been commanding flying cranes to battle from the start; his primeval essence consumption was relatively less and was sure to have some more primeval essence left.

“Brother Wei is worthy to be Heaven’s Envy Sect’s elite disciple, possessing such unusual and incisive methods; I have increased my knowledge and my horizons have been broadened. My primeval essence has also almost been exhausted by brother. How about we consider this spar as a draw?” Fang Zheng smiled.

“What?” Wei Wu Shang was stunned.

What was Fang Zheng saying? He was very clear of his own situation. How could he have a Gu that could exhaust Fang Zheng’s primeval essence?

However, Wei Wu Shang immediately realized Fang Zheng was telling a lie.

“Fang zhen is giving me a way out of this situation.” After understanding Fang Zheng’s plan, there was a complex expression on Wei Wu Shang’s face.

The disciples of every great sect could not casually make their moves.

Because they represented not only themselves, but also the sect behind them.

Moreover, with Fairy Bi Xia at the scene, Wei Wu Shang could truly not afford to lose this battle.

Since Fang Zheng gave him a way out, Wei Wu Shang quickly cupped his fists towards Fang Zheng after hesitating for a moment: “Brother Fang is a young hero, I am filled with admiration. Immortal Crane Sect indeed has deep foundations for being able to teach a figure like brother. I have benefitted from this spar and like brother Fang said, we will consider this match a draw.”

Wei Wu Shang said so on the surface, but in truth, he secretly transmitted to Fang Zheng: “Fang Zheng, I, Wei Wu Shang, shall remember your leniency and will definitely repay it in the future. However, Fairy Bi Xia is my love, I will not concede on this. I will train harder and spar with you again in the future!”

Fang Zheng smiled, he nodded on the surface, but was inwardly feeling a headache.

Wei Wu Shang continued with the secret communication: “Fang Zheng, you need to be careful. Fairy Bi Xia has many admirers, not just me. Even with your formidable strength, you will still have four competitors. They are Heaven River Chen Da Jiang, Rising Purple Lightning Gu Ting, Nine Death Sorrowful Wind Tang Ru Qi and Tigress Zhao Shu Ye. You are so close with Fairy Bi Xia, they will definitely come find trouble for you. You better not lose.”

Fang Zheng’s gaze could not help but flicker at the mention of these four famous names, feeling that his headache had become worse.

As for Lord Sky Crane, he was laughing heartily in his mind.

Sure enough, like Wei Wu Shang said, three days later, disciples of Ancient Soul Sect arrived at Tian Ti mountain. Leading them was Gu Ting, and after knowing of the matter between Fairy Bi Xia and Fang Zheng, he immediately sent a challenge.

To avoid this unexpected calamity, Fang Zheng chose to avoid the fight.

Gu Ting naturally was not willing to leave the matter at that; he would visit Fang Zheng’s residing cave every day and provoke him to a fight.

He continued this for seven days in a row.

His words became more vulgar as time passed. Immortal Crane Sect’s other disciples were unsatisfied and went to find him but were defeated.

Ancient Soul Sect’s momentum rose greatly, and at the eight day, everyone went to block Fang Zheng’s cave entrance and cursed endlessly.

“Fang Zheng, you ostrich, still not coming out?”

“Fang Zheng you are hiding now, but can you hide for your entire life? Obediently stop getting in contact with Fairy Bi Xia and big brother Gu Ting will magnanimously spare you.”

“Immortal Crane Sect is merely so, they actually taught such cowardly disciple.”

 …

At the mention of Immortal Crane Sect, Fang Zheng who was in the cave let out a sigh and helplessly walked out of the cave.

He could endure the curses directed towards him. However, once it involved his master, his temperament changed. Disciple needed to uphold the prestige of their masters, this was an important value of central continent. If he did not uphold it, then when he returned to Fei He mountain later, he would be impeached and even receive punishment.

Lord Sky Crane made a loud din inside him: “Gahaha… Fang Zheng, my disciple, do you understand now? What I have been telling you from the start is not wrong, right? Blindly enduring will let others misunderstand and bully you. In this world, the more harmless and cowardly you appear, the more people will appear that will want to bully you. Fight, defeat this Gu Ting! Shut the mouth of these people from Ancient Soul Sect! Improve your reputation!”

“Sigh… one has to compromise in this world , I really feel it now. I can only fight!” Fang Zheng gained an understanding with this event.

Gu Ting, come, let’s fight! 

 …

At the similar time as the fight between Fang Zheng and Gu Ting, far away at southern border’s San Cha mountain, a battle ended.

The battlefield was a mess; blood all over the ground, smashed rocks, destroyed trees and craters all around.

Fang Yuan stood proud on the battlefield while his opponent Fei Li was kneeling on the ground, kowtowing and begging for forgiveness.

“Lord Fang Zheng, please be magnanimous and spare me!” Fei Li continuously kowtowed while begging bitterly.

He had a cultivation of rank four middle stage and was also a strength path Gu Master. He had been full of spirits, but now his body was soaked with blood, his right arm broken and his two legs fractured, cutting out an extremely sorry figure.

“Since you are begging for forgiveness, then first hand over your expend strength Gu and I shall consider whether to accept it or not.” Fang Yuan looked down upon Fei Li, cold light bursting out of his eyes.

Fei Li hesitated before handing over expend strength Gu.

This Gu was his vital Gu and also his core Gu, it made his enemies waste more strength when making any movements, doubling the expenditure of their stamina.

Handing over the expend strength Gu, Fei Li lost his vital Gu and suffered a heavy backlash, spurting out huge mouthfuls of blood.

Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed as he accepted expend strength Gu: “I have considered, expend strength Gu is not enough to exchange for your life.”

Fei Li’s eyes opened wide and not considering the critical state of his body, he shouted: “Lord Fang Zheng, this is my most precious Gu!”

Bam!

With a shift of Fang Yuan’s mind, beast phantoms directly pounced forward and turned Fei Li into minced meat.

“Pauper.” Fang Yuan looked at the disfigured corpse below him and sneered.

Then his gaze swept through the battlefield.

The spectators were not few, but all of them subconsciously chose to avoid Fang Yuan’s gaze.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “What’s wrong? Sky Tiger Xue San Si isn’t here? You guys tell her, we are both strength path Gu Masters, three days later, I will come visit her and exchange pointers!”

The moment these words came out, it caused an uproar.

Little beast king was too violent; a few days ago, he had killed Tyrant Heng Mei, and at this battle, Fei Li begged him for forgiveness, but he did not let him go and smashed him into minced meat.

Now, he was going to challenge Sky Tiger Xue San Si!

What ferocity and wickedness was this!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 342: Biao 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“What, the little beast king is challenging me?” When she first heard the news, Xue San Si refused to believe it.

She was thinking, she had no relationship with the black and white demons, she had never offended them, not even meeting them before. How could they come to find trouble with her for no reason?

But soon, she investigated, and realized this was true!

“How can this be? What is this little beast king’s brain made of? The three kings inheritance is opening in a few days, he still has the mood to challenge me? What did I do to you, why are you messing with me like this?!”

Xue San Si felt helpless and annoyed.

“Is it simply because we are both on the strength path, thus he wants to compare who is stronger? Sigh, this maniac!”

Xue San Si thought about it thoroughly, finally classifying Fang Yuan as a lunatic, unable to be understood by a normal human.

A few months ago, she had heard of the reputation of the black and white demons.

As the passed, the two of them got more famous, as rumors spread further and wider.

They are the publicly recognised new rising stars of the demonic path.

Initially, Xue San Si did not mind it, Fang Yuan and Hu Mei Er had a conflict, and she was gloating over it.

But now, she could not laugh anymore.

After the black and white demons came to San Cha mountain, they not only did not keep a low profile, but even create huge problems.

Especially that little beast king, he does things with no discretions, unreasonable and ruthless, causing people to feel threatened.

Tyrant Heng Mei from Ten Tyrants visited him out of goodwill, but was killed. Fei Li already begged for mercy, but Fang Yuan did not let him off, beating him to a pulp, into meat paste.

The thing is, those were rank four Gu Masters, with middle stage cultivation. But little beast king used initial stage cultivation to kill these two outrightly. Such battle strength bred fear in people’s hearts.

Xue San Si also had rank four middle stage cultivation, she feels that her strength was about the same as Tyrant Heng Mei and Fei Li. Now that Fang Yuan was challenging her, her heart sank as she felt a great threat, even a trace of fear that she had to admit!

“This Fang Zheng is too cruel and unreasonable. He is trying to step on us, these seniors’ corpses to strengthen his reputation. Fei Li was the sacrifice for his ambitions, now it is my turn.”

Such arrogant acts, Xue San Si had done it when she was young.

But back then, she only killed rank three Gu Masters, she was nowhere near Fang Yuan’s ruthlessness, choosing Gu Masters at a higher stage than him to battle.

To speak the truth, Xue San Si did not want to battle with this lunatic Fang Yuan. But unfortunately, her godfather was in closed cultivation refining a Gu recently, now that Fang Yuan publicly challenged her, she had to accept it.

In this world, people often had no choice.

If she, Xue San Si, did not accept the challenge, the reputation that she had built up all these years would go down the drain.

Xue San Si has been in the demonic path for many years. She had a clear understanding of this world’s cruelty.

This was a difficult world to live in, for that chance of survival, all the different species fight it out with their lives!

The kinder and weaker you show yourself, not only would you not gain peace, but you would even get yourself into greater danger, and attract the greed of many.

Demonic path Gu Masters who got to Xue San Si’s height have surely killed many people, and offended even more people.

The world was like this, if you did not kill people, and offend people, how could you gain the resources needed to advance your cultivation? How could you gain fame from battle results?

To defend her reputation, Xue San Si quickly agreed to Fang Yuan’s challenge.

The two decided on a wide valley as the location for their battle.

Three days later, Xue San Si saw Fang Yuan for the first time.

She was shocked, Fang Yuan did not have the fierce appearance in her imagination, in fact he looked rather gentlemanly, without any boorish features, his eyes were dark like an abyss, extremely peaceful.

“Sky Tiger, I’ve heard of you, you offended a higher-up in your clan, and was exiled. You secretly worked hard, taking a risk to kill beast kings, and using the Gu worms u gained to arm yourself, finally becoming an expert slowly and steadily. After that, you went back and killed the numerous elders that framed you in the past. To be honest, I admire you quite a bit.” Fang Yuan spoke.

Such a respectful tone caused people to listen in shock.

“Why did he change his nature? Speaking so politely?”

“Does he have an interest in Sky Tiger? To be fair, although Sky Tiger looks ordinary, she has the proper curves, her body is great, she is indeed a beauty.”

“Hmph, is little beast king that kind of person? He disregarded even Hu Mei Er, he is ruthless and cold-blooded, a fearsome person. I’ve learnt from these few days, you guys should not place any hopes on him.”

As the people discussed, Xue San Si replied Fang Yuan: “I’m flattered. Little beast king, the name of the black and white demons is renowned in this area.”

Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “I cultivate the strength path, you are the same. If we spar, it will help both of us learn more. Before this, I have sparred with Tyrant Heng Mei and Fei Li, these two were great and gave me quite an experience. But such a sparring method is boring to me now. This time, why don’t we change the sparring method.”

Xue San Si listened, and raised her eyebrows: “Oh? What idea do you have, I’ll listen to it.”

“Simple, I’ll stand here and let you hit me. After you finish, I’ll hit you. Isn’t that great and simple, it will end faster too. How about this, since you are a woman, I’ll give you three hits, after that, I will only retaliate with one hit.” Fang Yuan smiled as he said.

“Sparring like that?” Xue San Si’s eyes glowed, attracted to Fang Yuan’s proposal.

Fang Yuan staying still and letting her do three hits, such a suggestion was too alluring.

“Alright, let’s do that.” Xue San Si considered it through, agreeing.

“Please.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly, staying still as he stretched out his right palm.

Xue San Si’s eyes shone with brilliance, as her killing intent surged, shouting: “First move!”

Several Gu worms were activated at the same time in her aperture.

Her slim arms burst out in a bright light, turning into two tiger claws.

The tiger claws tore through the sky, hitting Fang Yuan harshly.

Fang Yuan vomited a mouthful of blood, flying out like a cannonball, landing on a huge rock behind him.

Bam!

There was a loud crash as the rock exploded, rock shrapnels flying everywhere.

“Good hit.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, standing up. His chest had an obvious concavity, at least four ribs were broken.

Not only that, Fang Yuan felt his intestines were bleeding too.

As the intense pain assaulted him, Fang Yuan endured it as his nerves were undergoing a huge trial.

Xue San Si’s expression changed.

“That’s right, Fang Zheng made a good plan. The more injured he got, the greater the strength he can use. Then do I attack harder or softer now?”

The harder she hits, the more injured Fang Yuan gets, and the higher his battle strength gets. If she hit softer, when it is his turn, she would be able to defend more easily.

‘No, I should use all my strength to attack. Kill him in three hits!” Xue San Si considered as she made up her mind.

“Second move!”

She shouted and activated her Gu worm, as her body expanded over twice her original size, becoming a giant!

The hair on her body became longer, becoming brownish-yellow tiger fur.

Her eyes became tiger eyes, and her teeth grew out of her mouth, becoming fangs. On her forehead, there was a symbol.

Her strength more than doubled.

As she pounced on Fang Yuan, a beast phantom appeared behind her body.

A fierce tiger growling towards the heavens, giving off an imposing aura! Its body was covered in brownish-yellow fur, and it had a tough muscular body, most importantly, there was a pair of wings on its back.

A tiger with wings!

A fierce tiger that has wings!

That means it is a — Biao!

Tiger was the king of the hundred beasts. And Biao is a flying tiger, the king among the tigers. Three hounds and one molosser, five tigers and one Biao!

The strength of a Biao was five times of a tiger!

The beast phantom of a Biao can suppress three to four of Fang Yuan’s ordinary beast phantoms.

Xue San Si’s strength had already more than doubled, but now she unleashed the strength of a Biao!

Under this huge force, Fang Yuan flew away like a shooting star, landing several hundred steps way, crashing on a mountain wall.

Bam!

The entire mountain valley shook intensely.

The mountain rocks collapsed, engulfing Fang Yuan.

“Such strength!”

“Is Fang Zheng dead?”

“No, not yet, his aura is still around!”

The collapsed rocks were pushed away. Fang Yuan walked out, his arms were completely crippled, his iron bones were broken, his steel tendons were mushed, and his bronze skin was torn.

Every step he walked, his body felt weak and was on the brink of collapsing.

The Fang Yuan now could definitely unleash eight beast phantoms.

But these injuries were recovering.

Fang Yuan activated the self-reliance Gu, the healing effect now had far surpassed the flesh-bone Gu.

“Third move!” Xue San Si was anxious, not wanting to give Fang Yuan time to recover.

A pair of wings grew out of her back.

This large pair of wings was brownish-yellow in color, as it flapped, Xue San Si flew to the sky.

She flew higher and higher, until she was about one kilometer in the sky, before she dived down.

She had calculated it long ago, this was the limit to how high she could go. Any higher and she would get injured from the impact after diving down.

As everyone watched nervously, Xue San Si charged towards Fang Yuan.

The image of a Biao appeared again.

This time, it did not appear above her body, but directly overlapped her actual body.

This moment, she seemed to have become a true Sky Tiger!

“With this move, you are finished!!!” Xue San Si growled as her killing intent surged.

Activating two Biao phantoms in a row caused her to pay a huge price.

This was her strongest power, her strongest attack!

She was confident of killing Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan looked up at her, activating golden shield Gu.

But golden shield Gu was rank three, could it block Xue San Si’s strongest attack?



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 343: Shameless and Despicable 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The lush valley enlarged rapidly in Xue San Si’s eyes.

Wind blew past and buzzed intensely on her ears.

Xue San Si’s face that had completely changed looked down at Fang Yuan with her tiger eyes, the corner of her lips already curled up into a bloodthirsty smile.

She could almost see little beast king being flattened into minced meat by her unprecedentedly fierce attack.

“There is no way he can survive such an impact!”

When she saw Fang Yuan activating golden shield Gu and his body covered by the golden light, she could not help but sneer inwardly.

“Rank three golden shield Gu? Even if it was the advanced rank four golden bell shield, it would not be able to defend against my attack.”

The intensity of the battles between rank four Gu Masters was very high and was not something the defense of a rank three Gu could match.

“This time, I will let these juniors know what happens when they act so arrogantly!” Xue San Si’s killing intent was already so overwhelming that it was threatening to burst out.

“Finished, Fang Zheng is finished this time!” When they sensed the fierce attack of Xue San Si, many of the spectators shouted out.

“This is good, little beast king had been too rampant, he should be taught a lesson!” Many righteous Gu Masters were feeling happy at this scene.

“Looks like little beast king wants to rely on golden shield Gu to resist this attack. That is really too naive.”

“No, maybe he will activate beast phantom. The combined strength of eight beast phantoms is not a small matter. But if he does that, he would be breaking the agreement they made earlier. As long as he attacks, he will be breaking the agreement and it will mean his loss.”

The spectators, whether they were of righteous path or demonic path, all wished for Fang Yuan to lose this battle.

Fang Yuan’s activities these days brought them an enormous mental pressure.

“No, there is still an influencing factor on the battlefield – Bai Ning Bing!”

Whoosh whoosh whoosh!

Several figures suddenly moved to the entrance of the valley and silently surrounded Bai Ning Bing.

These people tacitly took the same measure.

If Bai Ning Bing moved to save Fang Yuan, they would stop her.

The terrifying thing about the black and white demons was the close cooperation between these two rank four Gu Masters. Now everything bode ill for little beast king after they restrained Bai Ning Bing.

If little beast king fell, then only Bai Ning Bing would be left and it would not be that threatening.

Fang Yuan’s gaze was indifferent as he looked up at Xue San Si, in the depths of his pupils was a trace of mockery.

Xue San Si had yet to collide against him, but a formless wind pressure was already pressing towards him. From another side, it showed the tremendous strength of the imminent collision.

The phantom of Biao enveloped Xue San Si, the wings on her back flapped continuously as her speed increased more and more, and closed towards the ground.

Soon, this force would collide against Fang Yuan.

Suddenly!

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a bright light, and he activated a Gu.

Horizontal charge Gu!

He suddenly charged towards the left and then turned around.

Vertical crash Gu!

He charged a hundred steps away.

“Little beast king, you!!!” Xue San Si’s anger flared up when she saw Fang Yuan suddenly running away, she opened her eyes so wide that the corners were about to rip!

She did her best to control her descent, but her speed was too fast and she could only let Fang Yuan run out of her attack range.

Seeing Fang Yuan suddenly retreat, the spectators had yet to react when the next moment, there was an enormous explosion like a bolt from the blue.

BOOM!

Xue San Si fiercely collided onto the ground, in that instant, the spectators around the valley could sense the ground under them shaking!

Crushed stones shot out everywhere, the collision created a strong wind pressure that immediately shot out towards all direction.

Everywhere the wind pressure reached, stones, trees, and plants were all uprooted and moved with it.

Smoke and dust whirled around, the enormous destructive force instantly formed a thirty meters huge round crater.

Everyone’s heart pulsed rapidly in fear, and just as they were feeling moved about this destructive force, Fang Yuan suddenly changed direction and charged into the smoke.

Horizontal charge Gu, vertical crash Gu!

He used the two Gu one after another and rapidly charged towards Sky Tiger Xue San Si, not caring about the pain from the cold wind pressure and the crushed stones.

Xue San Si was in the center of the huge crater, her body covered in dirt from the collision and was cutting out a sorry figure.

Her ears kept on buzzing and a burst of dizziness attacked her mind.

The fierce Biao phantom had already dispersed. Her incomparably powerful bearing from just before was no longer there.

Bitter strength Gu, all-out effort Gu!

Fang Yuan hurried, an ominous glint shot out from his eyes.

Howl howl howl…

Eight beasts roared one after another.

Boar, brown bear, crocodile, green bull, horse, stone turtle, white elephant and black python, eight phantoms made their loud debut in the air above Fang Yuan!

Strength Qi Gu!

Yellow gold primeval essence severely depleted as it poured into strength qi Gu, creating a huge formless strength Qi.

This strength Qi attached itself to the eight beast phantoms; the beast phantoms turned solid and life-like one after another.

With a shift of Fang Yuan’s mind, the eight beast phantoms charged towards the crater.

Xue San Si’s body was shaking and she was just about to pull out her legs from the ground when she suddenly heard beast roars from above her.

She immediately raised her head and all she saw was darkness, countless attacks rained down on her like a windstorm.

Bam Bam Bam… the tragic sounds of the battle echoed from the huge crater.

Xue San Si did her best to struggle and resist, after all she was a rank four Gu Master and had strong foundations.

However, not even three minutes later, the sounds of battle stopped. Five out of eight phantoms remained and were shortly recalled by Fang Yuan.

And Xue San Si, as the loser, had a mournful end. Pieces of her corpse were littered over the crater, her blood sprayed all over the ground and dyed the white bone pieces, there were also the brain matter, hair and so on.

Smoke and dust dispersed, the whole battlefield became clear.

When they saw such an outcome, the spectators all burst out in an uproar.

“Sky tiger is dead, another rank four Gu Master has been killed by little beast king!”

“Didn’t little beast king make an agreement with Xue San Si? He said he would not not move, but he ended up running.”

“This battle should be little beast king’s loss. Because he went back against the battle agreement he himself set!”

The valley was a scene of commotion as the spectators commented and discussed; they were stunned and furious, showing intense resentment and disdain towards Fang Yuan’s shameless behavior.

Bai Ning Bing laughed heartily and her indifferent gaze swept through the battlefield.

She had already expected this outcome. The so-called agreement was only a trap Fang Yuan set.

What kind of person was Fang Yuan? She, Bai Ning Bing, was the person who knew it the best!

The Gu Masters that were surrounding Bai Ning Bing all tacitly retreated at the same time.

Fang Yuan heard the rebukes, disdain and ridicule of the many Gu Masters around the valley, but he stood there with his hands behind his back and his face tranquil. His eyes squinted as if he was enjoying this.

In his eyes, this so-called ‘sincerity’ was merely people fearing deception, thus hoping and requesting others to follow their standards.

Walking the demonic path, one should have no restraints and taboos.

So what if he went against the agreement?

So what if he did not keep his promise?

As long as one had enough strength, they could do whatever they liked. What could other’s disdain and ridicule do? These powerless and hollow words only manifested the helplessness of the weak, could it hurt a single hair of his?

‘Hehehe….this Xue San Si is really stupid. She was actually bound by reputation and came running over to accept my challenge.’

Fang Yuan was in contempt of this: “Reputation is meant to be made use of, it is only a tool. But in this world, there are so many people who treats fame more importantly than their lives. Haha… really laughable! Of course, I did use some tricks in this match.”

Xue San Si was different from Tyrant Heng Mei and Fei Li; she possessed flying type Gu and she could just fly to a high altitude if the situation turned bad, and Fang Yuan would have no way to deal with her.

Thus, Fang Yuan raised the agreement at the start. His goal was to restrain Xue San Si’s movement ability.

When he mentioned the condition of three strikes, he had already not planned to abide by it.

Xue San Si fell step by step into Fang Yuan’s trap, and Fang Yuan’s injuries enticed her to continually advance forward.

After the second strike, Fang Yuan intentionally healed himself in front of her. Xue San Si was not willing to see her efforts go to waste and under her worry, without thinking much, she flew to the sky choosing to use her strongest attack.

However, in the end, Fang Yuan instead borrowed her strength to weaken her greatly by using little effort, then quickly went in to attack and killed her.

If it was truly an upright and frank battle, Xue San Si could fly with her wings and would absolutely not be so easily killed by Fang Yuan.

“Little beast king, you really are shameless and despicable.”

“You went back against the agreement, you are the loser in this match!”

Many spectators started shouting and yelling, saying similar words.

“That’s right. I admit defeat, so what?” Fang Yuan scoffed and replied loudly.

His voice reverberated in the valley.

The clamorous din suddenly quietened down…

‘That’s right, so what if he lost? Look at the winner, she has turned into a puddle of blood and flesh, even her own father won’t be able to recognize her. What meaning is there in such an outcome?’

After reacting to this point, the noises in the valley suddenly rose an octave, much more violent than before.

Fang Yuan calmly admitted his defeat and even more showed his shamelessness; causing the spectators to feel indignant and furious.

Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed heartily: “Since you guys are feeling such anger, do you want to take revenge for Xue San Si? I didn’t know she had such good relationships. Come, come, come, all of you who wants to take revenge come at me together!”

The fierce criticism from the spectators suddenly quietened down and the surroundings turned silent in a moment.

Although Fang Yuan pulled a fast one and killed Xue San Si, Xue San Si was a famous rank four middle stage figure in the end and it was impossible for her to lack strength after the three attacks. However, she was also turned into meat paste by Fang Yuan, displaying Fang Yuan’s formidable fighting strength once more.

Fang Yuan defeated three rank four middle stage experts in a row with his rank four initial stage cultivation. Such strength, other than a few individuals, who would not feel fear?

Moreover, the heavier the injuries Fang Yuan suffered, the stronger his strength became.

Fang Yuan arrogantly challenged them, but no one stood up.

Demonic Gu Masters were mutually restrained and held suspicions towards each other, almost every one of them was a loner; no one stood out for Xue San Si. On the contrary, some members of righteous path wanted to eradicate this devil Fang Yuan, but they could not easily move at this moment.

Why?

Because once they stood up, it would become taking revenge for Xue San Si. And Xue San Si was a demonic figure!

“Is there no one that wants to take revenge for her? Is there or not?” Fang Yuan again asked loudly.

Countless spectators’ expression turned gloomy. Some looked at each other but no one replied.

“If there is no one, I am leaving.” Fang Yuan raised his brows and walked a few steps before he stopped, “I am really leaving.”

Still, no one spoke.

Fang Yuan’s dominance suppressed everyone present. Such a rampant bearing made many rank four experts indignant.

Many people became restless but still restrained themselves in the end.

“Hahaha…” Fang Yuan raised his head towards the sky and laughed loudly as he walked away with large strides, soon leaving the battlefield.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 344: Talented without Virtue 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Big brother Li, you need to make a move…” Hu Mei Er lied back on Li Xian’s chest and spoke coquettishly.

Li Xian was short and fat. He had a round nose, large eyes and wide forehead, his hair also let out a greasy shine. Right now, one of his short and rough hand was on Hu Mei Er’s delicate little waist while the other hand was on her leg.

Li Xian was a rank four upper stage Gu Master! However, he rarely fought, making a living by doing business and was a famous unscrupulous merchant of the demonic path, having wide connections.

He embraced Hu Mei Er and said with a lecherous smile: “Mei Er, your body feels like there are no bones with skin as delicate as jade. I haven’t seen you for a few days and you have become more beautiful.”

Hu Mei Er rolled her eyes and said in a displeased tone: “Big brother Li, I am trying to talk to you. That black and white twin demons offended me, I am already yours, you must seek justice for me!”

“Ok, ok…” Li Xian half-heartedly spoke while his ten fingers wandered over Hu Mei Er’s body.

Hu Mei Er’s breathing became rough and her face flushed red. Along with her watery eyes, she looked very alluring.

However, her mind was as clear as snow.

She tried to persuade Li Xian but he only muttered ‘mmm’ and did not agree, instead taking advantage of her.

Hu Mei Er pushed Li Xian and stood up with aggrieved expression: “Big brother Li, give me a definite answer! I have been begging you like this, do you not pity me?”

“Sigh, my darling, my little treasure. It is not that your big brother Li doesn’t want to do it, but dealing with the black and white demons will be somewhat tricky. They are two rank four Gu Masters, your big brother Li is a lone force, just one person.” Li Xian spread his arms with a helpless expression.

Hu Mei Er snorted: “Alright, I shall lower the bar. You only need to deal against that little beast king. This Fang Zheng is the most hateful! You can leave that Bai Ning Bing alone for now.”

“This…” Li Xian hesitated.

“Big brother Li!” Hu Mei Er saw a chance and threw herself into Li Xian’s arms, softly blowing at Li Xian’s fat ear.

Li Xian immediately felt a fire burning near his crotch.

His eyes became dazed: “Okay, since you are asking like this, big brother Li will help you take revenge. But…”

He slightly changed the topic: “Three kings inheritance will open again in one or two days. There cannot be any problems at this critical juncture. After the three kings inheritance, I will go teach that little beast king a lesson, alright?”

The opening of three kings inheritance was near and everyone was paying attention to it.

Hu Mei Er curled her lips, she did not have much to say about Li Xian’s evasion.

After a period of intimacy, Hu Mei Er took her leave.

Although Li Xian tried to make her stay, Hu Mei Er’s attitude was firm; in the end, Li Hao could only send her off.

He stood at the cave entrance and impatiently looked at Hu Mei Er’s figure gradually getting far and disappearing within the forest.

“Hmph, this little temptress!” Li Xian returned back to his cave, the lust on his face nowhere to be seen, replaced by a cautious and gloomy expression.

“Trying to sow discord and use me as a tool to deal with little beast king? This little temptress really thinks she had reached greater success in her enchantment path. Ridiculous!” The smile on Li Xian’s face was cold, “I, of course, have ways to deal with black and white twin demons. But when did I, Li Xian, ever do unprofitable business? Hehe.”

“This little beast king Fang Zheng is not simple. He seems boorish but in fact his thoughts are meticulous. Challenging three demonic Gu Masters in a row before the opening of three kings inheritance, this definitely was a premeditated plan!”

Gu Masters came from all over the places and gathered at San Cha mountain, why?

Wasn’t it for the three kings inheritance!

Fang Yuan’s aggressiveness had not caused him any troubles. These days, only he found trouble for others, why was it?

Because everyone were impatiently watching the three kings inheritance, making every effort and secret preparation for it. Who would want to have a bloodbath with little beast king, this lunatic, and miss this great opportunity?

No one!

“This little beast king used this psychology and acted unrestrainedly, establishing his reputation. Two days later when the three kings inheritance opens, who will want to block his way?” Li Xian shook his head as he predicted the future.

Ever since Fang Yuan killed Xue San Si, even he felt some fear towards this little beast king.

Before, when Fang Yuan killed Tyrant Heng Mei and Fei Li, it did not attract Li Xian’s attention. However, when Fang Yuan broke his promise and took the chance to kill Sky Tiger, Li Xian realized what a thorny problem he was!

Why so?

The righteous path categorized talents into four grades.

First grade was having both talent and virtue. Having talent and a moral character was the highest quality talent, able to hold his own.

Second grade was having virtue but no talent. They might have no talent, but they had moral character. Those with filial piety will obey their parents. Those with loyalty will obey their leaders. Those with sincerity would not break their promises. They could be used with ease, at least no huge problems will occur. Moreover, many abilities could be learned through experience.

Third grade was having talent but no virtue. They might have talent but had no moral conduct. With their talents, they could take up a post, but higher ups would not feel at ease using them, afraid they would someday betray them.

Fourth grade was having neither talent nor virtue. No talent and nor moral conduct. They were worthless and no one would feel at ease using them.

What kind of figure would be the most trouble when categorized under the demonic path?

In demonic path, fourth grade was having virtue but no talent. They did not have talent but paid particular attention to virtue, living among their ideals. Often, it was themselves that would cause their own destruction.

Third grade was having neither talent nor virtue. They might not have talent, but they also did not have any moral conduct. They could at least do some lowly works and earn a living.

Second grade was having both talent and virtue. With talent, they could fill their stomachs. However, at the same time, with virtue, filial piety, respect, loyalty and so on became the ropes that bound them. In demonic path, such a mutually deceptive character decided that such a type of people would not play a key role.

And the first grade, having talent but no virtue!

Fang Yuan was such a person.

He had talent, overflowing with talent actually. HIs aptitude was outstanding, A grade aptitude was not something everyone possessed.

Secondly, his battle talent allowed him to overstep realms and fight. Tyrant Heng Mei, Fei Li and Xue San Si had cultivation higher than him, but all died a tragic death in his hands; this was enough to prove this point.

Finally, he possessed the ability to do business. At Shang clan city, he did surprisingly well. And in a short period of a few years, he was able to gather such a formidable set of Gu worms.

If such a talented person had virtue, Li Xian would not be feeling so difficult.

However, Fang Yuan was someone with not even a hint of morality.

He left Hu Mei Er in the lurch, not giving a hoot to beauty. He was boorish, unreasonable, easily killed people and treated life with contempt.

He killed Tyrant Heng Mei and other two, each time he smashed them into minced meat, his savage and ruthless nature was clear from this.

He deceived Xue San Si and broke his promise in front of everyone, but was still proud of himself. This was even more terrifying.

It shows that he did things without any restrain or lower limits, he could betray someone as easily as snapping his fingers with not even a trace of guilt in his heart.

Li Xian was deeply aware: If a person like little beast king were to be placed in righteous path, in a peaceful environment, they would definitely be excluded by the people, suppressed, banished or imprisoned. However, in the chaotic demonic path with its cruel competitive environment, Fang Yuan was like a tiger entering the mountain, a flood dragon entering the sea! As long as his luck was not too bad, he would definitely have great accomplishments!

“Such a person, if I had discovered him early, I would have suppressed and killed him. However, now, it is too late, too late…” Li Xian sighed deeply.

Fang Yuan had already matured and he also had a companion beside him. Although Li Xian had rank four upper stage cultivation, he was best at doing business and not at fighting.

Naturally, there was always someone stronger.

On San Cha mountain, there were also people that could kill Fang Yuan. They were the four rank four peak stage Gu Masters like Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian and others.

However, how could Li Xian command such formidable characters?

Moreover, these four were all in a subtle restraining balance. Not one of them dared to act blindly and all their eyes were set on three kings inheritance, how could they have the mood to consider other things.

“Hmph, this little temptress harbors evil intentions. She actually wants to stir me up and fight with such a demonic figure, how is that possible? Not only will I not offend him, but instead I will build a good cooperative relationship with him. All demonic path figures place benefits at the top.”

“However, by killing Xue San Si, little beast king has offended another person. Sky Tiger’s godfather who is the rank four upper stage Gu Master Century Boy. These days, Century Boy has been refining Gu in seclusion, he will definitely appear when the inheritance opens this time. At that time, he will most likely find trouble for black and white twin demons.”

“Hehehe, I will secretly befriend little beast king while staying at the sidelines on the surface. I will watch the battle between Century Boy and black and white twin demons, then after looking at the outcome, I will wait for an opportunity to make a move!”

No matter what the outcome was, Li Xian would not have much loss.

This was Li Xian.

An unscrupulous merchant of the demonic path who was an expert at benefiting from others’ expense.

Swish swish swish…

Under Fang Yuan’s will, the bright golden primeval essence tide cleansed the aperture walls.

Even on San Cha mountain, he was always cultivating diligently.

His actual cultivation was only rank four initial stage, it was originally only light gold primeval essence, however under the effect of nine eyes liquor worm, the primeval essence’s quality rose by a small realm and changed into bright golden primeval essence.

Bright golden primeval essence was an enormous assistance to his battles. This was also one of the main reasons for him being able to kill three rank four middle stage Gu Masters in a row.

“These days, my reputation has raised greatly. There are certainly many, many people who hate and fear me. However, what does that have to do with anything?”

“Hehe, what I am treading on is the demonic path, it should be like this. Moreover, this is not Earth; here, individual strength can be above a group.”

In different environments, the rules of the game were also different.

If it were on Earth, even if one walked demonic path, they would also have to consider moral character.

Because on Earth, the difference between individual strengths was small. Demonic path’s people also could only gather into a group to be able to accomplish grand ambitions!

“Two more days and it will be the day the three kings inheritance opens. It is unlikely for someone to come find trouble for me, I will use this time to refine charging crash Gu.”

Fang Yuan had a precise plan and arrangement for his future.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 345: Charging Crash Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

At that time, when Fang Yuan chose horizontal charge and vertical crash Gu as his movement Gu, he had already considered the situation when he advanced to rank four.

Horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu were the two main materials to refine charging crash Gu.

With these two rank three Gu as the main, together with the Gu Master’s primeval essence and some supplementary materials and so on, to refine charging crash Gu.

The process of refining charging crash Gu was not difficult.

Fang Yuan had made sufficient preparations and the success rate of this recipe by itself was rather high.

Two days later, Fang Yuan succeeded in refining and obtained a whole new Gu – charging crash Gu.

Horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu could only charge to the distance of a hundred steps together.

But charging crash Gu fused from these two Gu increased this charging distance to two hundred steps. At the same time, the delay between repeated use was also decreased by half.

However, the consumption of primeval essence was increased a little. But this small flaw was nothing to Fang Yuan who possessed the nine eyes liquor worm and heavenly essence treasure lotus.

“I already have six rank four Gu now; bitter strength Gu, charging crash Gu, yang Gu of yin-yang rotation Gu, nine eyes liquor worm, expend strength Gu and blood skull Gu.”

“All-out effort Gu, strength qi Gu, golden shield Gu and others are all rank three. They are slowly failing to keep up with my requirements.”

Most of the Gu on Fang Yuan were rank three. He was, however, at rank four initial stage now and possessed middle stage bright golden primeval essence, thus these Gu worms were gradually becoming unsuitable for him.

Naturally, it did not mean that the higher the Gu, the better they were.

For example bone flesh unity Gu. It was only a rank three Gu, but it could allow many Gu Masters to use it even at this rank. This made its value stand out.

On the whole, however, Gu worms and Gu Masters needed to have a mutually cooperative rank, and was best if it were the same for it be more convenient in using them.

Fang Yuan made a small consideration; he had a lot of Gu worms to upgrade.

First of all was the all-out effort Gu.

The all-out effort Gu on him was only at rank three; it could only activate rank three beast phantoms. To advance its rank, he would need to get the undefeated hundred battles Gu from three kings inheritance, so this plan could only be put aside for now.

Strength qi Gu was also at rank three, but Fang Yuan did not have its corresponding recipe, so he was unable to advance it.

Fang Yuan planned to advance rank three golden shield Gu into rank four golden bell shield Gu.

The storage type rank three tusita flower could be upgraded to rank four tusita lantern Gu.

Self-reliance Gu was also a rank three Gu, but it was already at its peak stage and did not have relevant recipe for its advancement. But although it was a rank three Gu, as long as Fang Yuan displayed formidable strength, its healing effects could match with rank four healing Gu.

Similar to self-reliance Gu was bone flesh unity Gu.

Breath concealment Gu that was used to hide cultivation was also at rank three. Although it could be advanced, Fang Yuan decided lay it aside. At the present time, he did not need to hide his aura.

And heaven essence treasure lotus was also at rank three.

Fang Yuan already possessed the fusion recipe for rank four heaven essence treasure monarch lotus. But he needed to obtain a number of spirit springs to refine it. This was a large project and could only be put aside for now.

Calculating like this, Fang Yuan needed to advance all-out effort Gu, golden shield Gu, tusita flower and heavenly essence treasure lotus; these four Gu.

However, it was not just like that.

Fang Yuan had used iron bone Gu, steel tendon Gu and copper skin Gu to transform his body. These Gu were all rank three Gu. The defense they provided during fights between rank four Gu Masters were little.

There were also the eight phantoms in Fang Yuan’s body, none of them were from rank four strength Gu. Thus, Fang Yuan also needed replace these phantoms.

“The eight phantoms I have are from ordinary beasts. Only by replacing them with Biao strength phantom, mastiff strength phantom and so on, can I display the strongest fighting strength in rank four realm.”

Fang Yuan had been interested in the Biao strength Gu of Xue San Si.

However, he had turned Xue San Si into minced meat and the Gu worms on her body were also destroyed.

Fang Yuan’s methods were too brutal. He frequently smashed his enemies into meat paste.

Although this was also a constant characteristic of strength path Gu Masters, this method was too violent and there would seldom be any surviving Gu worms once the battle ended.

Fang Yuan had won against three rank four demonic Gu Masters in a row, but only obtained an expend strength Gu.

And this expend strength Gu was also surrendered and contributed by Fei Li of his own accord.

The way Gu Masters obtained Gu worms was basically from trading, raising, capturing, fusing or reverse refining.

Gu Masters rarely obtained Gu worms as their victory spoils.

On one hand it was because Gu Masters used secretive and dangerous methods. In case a battle started, both sides would use all their strength to attack and would not spare anything for their safety. Like this, the Gu worms would also be wrecked and destroyed.

On another hand, it was extremely easy for the Gu Masters to destroy their own Gu worms. It only required a thought from them and their Gu worms would self-destruct.

“I have a lot to do to advance all of them…” Fang Yuan sighed and walked out of the cave.

Bai Ning Bing was already waiting for him at the cave entrance, and was gazing at the peak.

Fang Yuan followed her gaze and also looked up.

He only saw enormous light pillars rise from the three highest peaks of San Cha mountain, piercing through clouds and soaring towards the sky. Its enormous aura felt like it was supporting heaven and earth.

The three kings inheritance had opened.

“With this inheritance, my set of strength path Gu will be taken to perfection!” Fang Yuan’s gaze was burning but he restrained it.

Although he had outstanding battle prowess, it was still not his turn to take the stage.

Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh!

Four figures separately charged out from east, south, north and west; they stopped in mid-air and confronted each other.

Rank four peak stage aura were let out without any concealment!

From the eastern direction was poison path Gu Master Long Qing Tian.

He had long black hair, pale-green skin and his green pupils faintly flashed like there were too cold fires burning in it.

From the western direction was righteous path Wu clan’s elder Wu Shen Tong.

His fame was powerful and domineering, but his body was thin like a sickly scholar. He had pale complexion and coughed from time to time as if he could not endure this mountain wind.

From the southern direction was the demonic path expert Kong Ri Tian.

He was wearing flower patterned gown. He had a smile on while standing in the air, pink butterflies fluttering around him.

From the northern direction was Yi clan’s elder Yi Chong.

His whole body was covered with blue fish scales which formed into a thin armor. HIs nose was long and protruding out, his eyes were larger than twice that of a normal person’s and he had a head full of blazing unkempt hair.

The muscles in his whole body tangled forming layers of lumps. His stature was short but his physique was extremely imposing. An enormous triangular fin grew out from his back like the black fin on a shark’s back.

These four were currently the strongest Gu Masters at San Cha mountain.

Rank four peak stage cultivation was only a step away from rank five. If they advanced to rank five, they would be the monarchs of the mortal world and wield power over a region, their might and aura would spread everywhere.

These four had already confronted each other for months on San Cha mountain. They had also fought many times with each other over this period of time, but no one could do anything to other, forming a chaotic situation.

Righteous path’s Wu Shen Tong and Yi Chong appeared to be allies but inwardly, they were not of one mind. While Kong Ri Tian and Long Qing Tian would also occasionally collaborate if the situation turned bad.

These four occupied the top caves and were closest to the inheritance entrances at San Cha mountain.

The appearance of these four attracted the gazes of all the Gu Masters on the mountain.

The inheritance was right before their eyes. No matter who it was, they were all restraining the desire to make a move.

After the short stalemate, Kong Ri Tian chose King Bao’s inheritance; Long Qing Tian chose King Xin’s inheritance and Wu Shen Tong chose King Quan’s inheritance.

The three inheritances did not correspond with each other, but there were four rank four peak stage Gu Masters.

The Gu Master remaining, Yi Chong, hesitated for a while before finally choosing King Bao’s inheritance.

“With this, King Bao’s inheritance has Kong Ri Tian and Yi Chong, two experts.”

“Long Qing Tian chose King Xin’s inheritance this time, we fell in his trap last time, we must avoid him!”

“Wu Shen Tong is an enslavement path Gu Master, reportedly he has already advanced to middle stage of King Quan’s inheritance. In this inheritance, he is like a fish in water and can display extraordinary strength. If we choose King Quan’s inheritance, we might only get his leftovers.”

While the crowd was discussing, a group of Gu Masters ascended to the peak.

They were rank four upper stage Gu Masters. Some had bizarre appearances, some were fiendish, some had dignified appearance and some were gloomy like forest.

Among them, one was a boy wearing black clothes. Before he entered the inheritance, he looked down and gazed deeply at Fang Yuan.

“Hmph, Century Boy…” Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes and let out a dangerous aura.

Century Boy was also a strength path Gu Master and was the godfather of Xue San Si, her patron.

Fang Yuan killed Xue San Si and offended Century Boy.

However, with the three kings inheritance in sight, Century Boy did not have the mind and heart to settle the account with Fang Yuan now. But once the inheritance closed, he was sure to make his moves against Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan had not the least bit of fear towards this and was instead secretly looking forward to it.

With his current strength, he was almost unrivalled among rank four initial stage Gu Masters and could also prevail over ordinary middle stage Gu Masters. However, he would be evenly matched against rank four upper stage.

Above that, rank four peak stage would be a difficult opponent. However, if those rank four Gu Masters like Kong Ri Tian and others wanted to kill Fang Yuan, they would also pay a disastrous price.

As the Gu Master’s cultivation reached the later stages, the difference in each small realm was big and it would get more difficult to cross these ranks to battle, let alone cross realms to battle.

Fang Yuan possessed plentiful battle experience and also had a set of excellent strength path Gu worms, but he was also only able to cross one realm and kill middle stage Gu Masters.

“Of course, if I replace my Gu worms to rank four then I will have the strength to win against upper stage Gu Masters! And even be evenly matched against rank four peak stage! Three kings inheritance, here I come!”

At once, Fang Yuan activated charging crash Gu and charged towards the peak.

Rank four upper stage Gu Masters had all entered the inheritances.

The light pillars of the three inheritances were already a lot dimmer.

A group of rank four middle stage Gu Masters were just ascending up San Cha mountain, when they suddenly saw Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing charge towards them. All of their complexions changed and by some tacit agreement, got out of the way.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing entered King Quan’s inheritance together.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 346: First entry into King Quan Inheritance 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The moment his body entered the light pillar, Fang Yuan felt an intense weightlessness.

When his vision cleared up, he found himself standing in the wilderness.

All he could see around him was the greyish white sky.

On the ground, the grey-white rocks formed into short mounds, like gravestones.

The grey colored ground was not fertile, it was hard and dry, with some yellow grass growing in between the cracks.

The sky was white, the earth was grey, and the grass was yellow. The world had three colors.

Other than that, there were no other colors.

All he could hear was silence, or rather, dead silence. There was no wind, no swaying tree leaves, no cries of birds and beasts.

Anyone standing here would feel that in this entire world, he was the only person left, a lone survivor.

Being in the land of nothingness, loneliness, solitariness, loss and even fear would grow in their hearts.

Although he went into the inheritance with Bai Ning Bing, at the moment, Fang Yuan was alone.

But Fang Yuan was extremely calm.

“So this is King Quan Inheritance.” He looked around, muttering to himself softly.

Compared to an ordinary rank five Gu Master’s inheritance, the three kings inheritance had a huge difference.

An ordinary rank five inheritance, be it central continent, southern border, northern plains, eastern sea, or western desert, they were all in the main world.

But the three kings inheritance was built inside a Gu Immortal blessed land.

Back then, the three kings were stuck and discovered the inheritance of an ancient Gu Immortal by accident, starting their legend.

The three kings were all geniuses in their own field, after failing to advance to rank six, they set up their inheritances in this blessed land before their deaths.

Thus, Fang Yuan was no longer in the main world now.

Gu Immortal Blessed Land — a small world that existed within the main world.

Every world had different rules and laws.

Entering a world means obeying and following its rules.

“Although Bai Ning Bing entered the inheritance with me, she was definitely sent to another place in this small world. But it is not a problem, as long as she continues to advance into the inheritance, we will definitely meet along the way.

Fang Yuan knew that this was the unique law of space inside a small world.

At the same time, there was also a difference in the flow of time.

“The flow of time here is three times that of the outside world.” In Fang Yuan’s aperture, the slumbering Spring Autumn Cicada had awakened, and was recovering at three times the speed inside this world.

The Spring Autumn Cicada fed on the water in the river of time.

In this small world, the water flow in the river of time was three times faster than the outside world. Thus, it greatly assisted the Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery.

But this was not good news to Fang Yuan.

The pressure that the Spring Autumn Cicada emits in its perfect condition was not something a rank four aperture could contain.

The King Quan Inheritance, although it was a chance for Fang Yuan to grow, it was also a land of death that escalated his demise.

“Staying here for one day means three days outside. I have to hurry, and conserve my time.” Fang Yuan felt a strong sense of urgency.

Thankfully, with his memories, this King Quan Inheritance of a rank five Gu Master was not unfamiliar to him.

“If I am not wrong, there should be a dog type wild beast around here somewhere…” Fang Yuan moved around, looking all over the place, searching for what he had in mind.

“Woof, woof, woof!”

Suddenly, he heard a cry from afar, as a weak wild dog ran towards Fang Yuan with its eyes glowing in a weak green light.

This wild dog was thin to the bones, its teeth were yellow and it was only at the height of Fang Yuan’s knee.

It appeared extremely ferocious, evidently hungry, after smelling the human flesh that was Fang Yuan, it rushed over without hesitation.

Fang Yuan frowned, this wild dog was very ordinary, meeting it in the first stage was his bad luck.

He stood quietly on the spot, letting the dog run towards him.

In the currently environment, Fang Yuan could not utilize his other Gu worms, he could only use the rank one dog enslavement Gu.

This was the restriction of the laws in this small world.

King Quan modified the Gu Immortal blessed land, allowing a Gu Master to bring in a rank one dog enslavement Gu into his inheritance, and at the same time, other Gu worms cannot be used.

Of course, other than the Spring Autumn Cicada.

Spring Autumn Cicada was a rank six Gu, after a Gu worm reaches rank six, be it the main world or the small world, there only exists one of it.

Spring Autumn Cicada was not a mortal being, it was an Immortal Gu.

Even in the blessed land, it could be used freely.

“Not just King Quan Inheritance, King Xin Inheritance and King Bao Inheritance are the same. When the Gu Master initially enters the inheritance, they can only use the rank one dog enslavement Gu, paper crane Gu, and exploding egg Gu.”

Seeing the wild dog rush towards him, Fang Yuan activated the dog enslavement Gu in his aperture.

This dog enslavement Gu, looked like a jade stone, only thumb-size. The exterior of the jade stone looked like a dog head.

Fang Yuan only used one drop of light golden primeval essence, to activate this dog enslavement Gu.

The dog enslavement Gu turned into a jade light, bursting out and turning from solid to hollow, next, it flew into the wild dog in the blink of an eye.

The wild dog cried out, as if it was heavily injured, and fell on the ground.

Because it was running, it slided across the ground until it rolled to Fang Yuan’s feet.

After resting for a while, the dog got up.

But this time, it did not bare its fangs at Fang Yuan, but instead, sprawled on the ground, sticking out its tongue and wagging its tail.

“Get up.” Fang Yuan willed.

The wild dog obeyed and got up.

Its body had soft fur, the fur was dark but there was no injuries on it. The dog enslavement Gu directly went into its soul, it did not cause any damage to the dog’s physical body.

Its four limbs were on the ground, and the head was only near Fang Yuan’s knee.

Fang Yuan observed and shook his head.

This was an ordinary wild dog, it had little battle strength. But precisely so, he could use the dog enslavement Gu on it so easily.

“Regardless, I have to rely on it to get through the second round.”

Fang Yuan was thinking in his mind, when suddenly a force from heaven and earth engulfed his body.

Immediately, Fang Yuan could not move an inch.

In front of him, a light flashed and a second dog enslavement Gu appeared in front of him.

Fang Yuan knew this was the reward from the inheritance, as well as the key to the second round, thus he quickly refined it.

This dog enslavement Gu was also rank one, it was easy to refine.

When Fang Yuan refined this Gu, and kept it into his aperture, with a swoosh , he vanished on the spot, moved to another location by the heavenly power.

This was still the wilderness, with white sky, grey earth, and yellow grass.

Fang Yuan stood on a low mound, as three wild dogs were surrounding him.

They were all thin as twigs, as two were lowering their heads scavenging for food. The third was slightly older, lying on the ground motionless.

Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance caused the three dogs to go crazy.

They started running like they were jolted with lightning, towards Fang Yuan from all three directions.

Fang Yuan controlled the first wild dog and activated its ferocity. Under Fang Yuan’s command, it bared its claws on one of the wild dogs.

But it could only stop one wild dog, soon, the second closed in on Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan reenacted the same scene from earlier, using the second dog enslavement Gu and tamed it.

The third wild dog pounced, and Fang Yuan split his concentration into two, commanding both wild dogs to attack.

If it was an ordinary Gu Master, and was not familiar with the dog enslavement Gu, holding two fights at the same time would cause them to lose their bearings. But Fang Yuan was not nervous, in fact he was not even going all-out yet.

With his five hundred years of experience, Fang Yuan had commanded numerous beast groups to battle. Especially the blade-wing blood bats from the blood sea inheritance.

In this life, for San Cha mountain’s inheritance, he had trained for several months in Shang clan city, familiarizing himself with controlling dog groups.

The battle proceeded smoothly in Fang Yuan’s expected direction.

But Fang Yuan frowned: “The first wild dog’s body condition is terrible. Fighting like this, even if I win, I will only be left with one wild dog.”

As he considered this, he consciously direct the two dogs to retreat while fighting.

Eventually, Fang Yuan successfully merged the two battles together.

This increased the pressure on Fang Yuan’s commands, but it also established great advantage for him.

Fang Yuan’s two wild dogs were cooperating perfectly, but their enemies were fighting alone.

Not long after, this intense battle ended.

The corpses of two wild dogs laid on the ground, blood flowing out of them.

The wild dogs Fang Yuan controlled stood on the ground, covered in wounds. The first dog was more injured, while the second dog was relatively healthier.

The battle had just ended, when the heavenly power descended again, wrapping around Fang Yuan and his two ordinary wild dogs.

His vision changed again, as weightlessness assaulted him.

“Third round…” Fang Yuan observed his surroundings immediately.

This time, he was standing on the top of a mound, surrounded by six wild dogs.

“Six!” Fang Yuan’s gaze concentrated, feeling pressured.

He had two wild dogs with him, having to fight against three times of his force, at the same time, his dogs were injured.

Without time to rest or think, the six dogs detected him and immediately attacked.

Fang Yuan’s eyes brightened, as he saw a pit nearby, he jumped in.

He jumped into the pit, with a hard wall behind him, he placed both his dogs in front of him.

The six wild dogs rushed towards him, at differing speeds. The two healthy wild dogs rushed up first, while the remaining four, with different injuries, were far behind.

Seeing this, Fang Yuan heaved a sigh of relief.

If these six dogs were healthy, he had no chance. But with this terrain advantage, and his skilled manipulation, he was confident of passing this round and moving on to the next!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 347: What level of proficiency in enslavement path is this! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Woof Woof Woof!

The sound of furious barking of dogs echoed endlessly.

Dozens of dogs were in a fierce fight; one side had many numbers but their formation were scattered. Another side had fewer numbers, but they were in a tight formation, and furthermore they were displaying battle tactics like shielding, retreating, attacking and so on.

Fang Yuan stood on a nearby hill and overlooked the whole battlefield while commanding his dogs.

This was already his tenth battle in King Quan’s inheritance.

With his plentiful experience and the understanding of King Quan’s inheritance, he had sprinted through the whole process without any incidents.

The battle lasted for five more minutes before it ended.

In the whole battlefield, there were nineteen dogs still standing, all of them the result of Fang Yuan’s hard accumulation.

Fang Yuan softly let out a breath of turbid air, his mind felt slightly exhausted.

“In King Quan’s inheritance, the difficulty increases sharply every ten rounds of battles. I used twenty eight dogs this time but had to sacrifice nine of them to resist the assault of nearly sixty dogs and cross this barrier.”

To be honest, Fang Yuan had some alarming moments during this process.

“The three kings were demonic Gu Masters, demonic inheritance always held the law of the survival of the fittest, an intense and cold competition. This round should be enough to eliminate most of the participants who want to steal benefits.”

There were countless righteous and demonic Gu Masters on San Cha mountain. Every time the three kings inheritance opened, large numbers of Gu Master would come pouring in to try their luck.

However, no matter which inheritance of the three kings inheritance it was, they were all extremely strict. To choose the most suitable inheritor, the barriers the three kings set up were high.

Among the three kings, King Quan was an enslavement path Gu Master, King Xin was a refinement path Gu Master, and King Bao was a fire path Gu Master. Their chosen inheritors naturally should also follow these paths.

The difficulty of the first ten rounds ruthlessly eliminated most of the Gu Masters of other paths.

At the thirtieth round, there would not be any Gu Masters of other paths.

At the fiftieth round, those remaining would be elites and geniuses of these paths.

At the seventieth round, only experts with deep foundations would remain.

Very few could reach the ninetieth round and they could be counted with two hands.

Especially from ninetieth to hundredth round, the final ten rounds, the difficulties were extreme and unsurmountable like the heavenly chasm. Even a monster like Fang Yuan could not cross it.

In his previous life, the three kings inheritance lasted for close to ten years. It involved countless people; both demonic and righteous, heroes and villains.

As of now, it had not been even a year since the appearance of the three kings inheritance and it was in its early stage. It was already amazing for many people to be able to charge through a dozen barriers.

By the middle stage, the participants would find it difficult to continue from around fiftieth barrier; they would exchange their experiences and sum up many rules.

At the late stage, most of the participants would hover around seventieth to eightieth barrier. Only an extremely few number of participants would be struggling at ninetieth round. These people were mostly rank five Gu Masters, their every action attracting many gazes.

And at the final period, the mystical figures of many rank six Gu Immortals also appeared.

Fang Yuan remembered most of the parts clearly. Of course, there were also some blurry areas, but they were minor details.

He had a deep understanding of three kings inheritance.

He knew no matter which inheritance he chose, he could only charge to the ninetieth round with his strength.

After the ninetieth round, the barriers were all something only rank five Gu Masters had a chance of clearing.

Fang Yuan knew it would be very difficult for him to cultivate to rank five. Ten years was absolutely not enough.

This was not only because cultivation became more difficult the higher the Gu Master advanced, but also because of Spring Autumn Cicada.

In this Gu Immortal blessed land, time flow was quickened which intensified the recovery speed of Spring Autumn Cicada.

This was an enormous threat to him.

Heavenly power descended once more and Fang Yuan’s vision flashed.

In a split second, he found himself transported to another strange place.

His field of view was not clear as the previous ten rounds, the surroundings were filled with dense grey fog, making one unable to distinguish even the directions.

Apart from rank six Spring Autumn Cicada, none of his other Gu worms could be used.

Nineteen dogs walked around him, but there was only a faint connection left from the dog enslavement Gu.

However, Fang Yuan was not flustered, he was clear that starting from the tenth round, the inheritance would give every challenger the power to choose.

He stood calmly and soon was able to distinguish.

Towards the depths of the fog on his left was an orange glow like someone had turned on a lantern. It was accompanied by a sound, the clear sound of a dog’s bark.

Towards his front was an indistinct black human shadow, appearing near but also far.

Towards his right, in the depths of the grey fog, a ball of blue lightning crackled.

“The orange light represents chrysanthemum akita dog. This dog is more loyal than the ordinary dogs with me, they are easy to control and can execute exquisite battle tactics. The blue light should be lightning symbol dog; it is very fast, faster than ordinary dogs by two times. And the black human figure should be my opponent, another Gu Master.” Fang Yuan pondered.

These were all reminders provided by King Quan’s inheritance to him.

The first time a person enters, they would have a blurred vision and could only feel their way through the barrier, not able to make the most beneficial choice.

However, Fang Yuan was well aware; whether it was chrysanthemum akita dog, lightning symbol dog or the Gu Master, they were all challenges but also opportunities.

Fang Yuan considered it for just a short while and directly walked forward, abandoning the left and right directions.

As he walked forward, the grey fog started becoming thinner and his vision became clearer. At the same time, his control over his nineteen dog enslavement Gu also became stronger.

And the grey fog on his left and right became denser.

Han Bu Liu stood still, calmly looked at the person that walked out of the fog.

Han Bu Liu was already forty-eight, he was a righteous path Gu Master with a cultivation of rank four middle stage, and had already entered King Quan’s inheritance many times.

This allowed him to have a lot of understanding regarding King Quan’s inheritance. Right now, as he saw Fang Yuan’s figure in the fog walking slowly towards him, he immediately knew this was his opponent.

However, he was not in the least bit nervous.

He was an enslavement path Gu Master and was like a fish in water in King Quan’s inheritance.

In this special environment, all the previous accumulation of Gu Masters were not counted. They could only use the Gu the inheritance gave them to fight. The difference in cultivations had sharply decreased.

“This person is really unfortunate, actually bumping into me. I will do my best to win against this person with the smallest loss. Then I will charge towards the twenty-second barrier.”

Han Bu Liu was very confident towards himself. He had charged to twenty-first barrier last time. Such an accomplishment was one of the best in his circles, even surpassing many rank four upper stage and peak stage Gu Masters.

Fang Yuan stepped out of the fog; his eyes as dark as the abyss and his expression as tranquil as water.

Han Bu Liu’s pupils shrunk rapidly as he revealed a terrified expression.

“It is little beast king!”

He immediately felt nervous and panicked.

Although Fang Yuan had arrived in San Cha mountain not long ago, he had killed three middle stage Gu Masters with his initial stage cultivation. His might was awe-inspiring and his vicious reputation had spread far.

Han Bu Liu was also at middle stage, but he, himself, knew his battle strength could not compare to Sky Tiger and others.

But soon, Han Bu Liu regained his senses: “This is the Gu Immortal blessed land, not the outside world! In this round, we can only use dog enslavement Gu. Little beast king can’t use his Gu set! He walks the strength path and is so young, how could he have any proficiency in the enslavement path?”

Han Bu Liu’s eyes shone with ecstasy and greed as he roared in his mind: “Ahahaha, this is a heaven sent opportunity! By killing little beast king, I can greatly spread my reputation. By taking his Gu worms and selling them, I can make a lot of primeval stones! Dogs, charge!”

Righteous path inheritances were gentle and usually did not cause any deaths. Sometimes, even when someone failed, they would have some gains.

However, King Quan’s inheritance was a demonic path inheritance.

Here, one could kill and death was a normal thing.

The most crucial thing was in this Gu Immortal blessed land, Gu Masters could not utilize their Gu worms. This meant if the Gu Master died, they cannot will their Gu worms to self-destruct.

The Gu Masters on San Cha mountain had already discovered this point through fights.

This led to a sharp increase in the number of casualties in the inheritance!

At outside world, Gu Masters could cause their Gu worms to self-destruct before their deaths, not letting their enemies have them. The profits from battles were very small. But here, if a Gu Master died, their Gu worms would be left behind. This enticed people to commit crimes!

If Han Bu Liu killed Fang Yuan, almost all the Gu worms on Fang Yuan would be left behind. Such enormous spoils caused Han Bu Liu to let out his killing intent without restrain.

With a shift of his mind, eleven dogs charged towards Fang Yuan.

Woof Woof Woof!

They let out savage barks, and seemed unstoppable.

Fang Yuan was indifferent, he waited till these dogs neared him then waved his hand.

With a light wave, nineteen dogs rushed out from the grey fog behind him.

“Nineteen?” Han Bu Liu was extremely shocked, his eyes almost falling from their sockets.

“How can there be so many?!” He was filled with doubts.

He was an enslavement path Gu Master and had a lot of experience in commanding dogs, but despite his greatest efforts, only eleven dogs remained when he was done with the tenth round.

And little beast king, this strength path Gu Master has nineteen? A whole eight more than his!

What level of proficiency in enslavement path was this!

“No! Impossible! This is absolutely because he was lucky, otherwise how could he have so many dogs remaining? The true contest starts now. I will let you see what the commanding skill of an enslavement path Gu Master looks like!”

Han Bu Liu calmed his mind and was soon filled with fighting spirit.

In his opinion, little beast king was so young, no matter how much of a genius he was, he could not advance in both strength path and enslavement path at the same time.

“Eh? A flaw.” Fang Yuan had been observing his opponent from the start.

Seeing Han Bu Liu’s expression change irregularly, he immediately grasped this fleeting chance and decisively mobilized the few strongest dogs to form an offensive arrow formation.

The next moment, this ‘arrow’ suddenly broke the opponent’s formation.

“Oh no!” Han Bu Liu’s heart jumped rapidly as he immediately controlled his dogs.

However, how could Fang Yuan give him this chance, his remaining dogs formed into two exquisite arcs and outflanked the opponent’s formation from left and right, seizing control of the situation in an instant!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

This was an intense slaughter.

Han Bu Liu tried to resist desperately, trying to overturn the situation. But Fang Yuan saw through his actions every time, destroying his battle tactic. All his resistances were suppressed. Every effort he put in yielded no result.

An hour later, there were only eight wild dogs left, they were all Fang Yuan’s.

Han Bu Liu’s expression was pale, sweating profusely as he stood dazed on the ground.

Plop!

He suddenly kneeled on the ground, begging Fang Yuan: “Lord little beast king, please spare my life! I will do anything for you to repay your kindness. You are a genius, a monsterous genius! I was scared and had no options but to battle you. Your mastery of the enslavement path has left me utterly speechless in admiration. Lord little beast king, from today onwards, you are my master!”

“Oh, is that so, but how do you want me to see your sincerity? Unless you are willing to let me use the slavery Gu.” Fang Yuan laughed lightly, manipulating eight wild dogs to surrounding Han Bu Liu.

Han Bu Liu flustered: “Lo… lord, inside this Gu Immortal blessed land, Gu Masters cannot use their Gu worms. Moreover, I do not have a slavery Gu.”

“Then I have no choice.” Fang Yuan waved his hand coldly, as eight wild dogs pounced.

“Lord Fang Zheng! No!” Han Bu Liu jolted up, screaming in fear, trying to escape.

But it was already too late, the eight wild dogs surrounded him, opening their mouths and chew on his body with their sharp canine teeth.

Han Bu Liu screamed pitifully, shrugging his arms like a lunatic, rolling on the ground.

But it was useless.

Even if he had ice muscles, steel bones, or bronze skin, inside the blessed land, all these were weakened and rendered useless.

“Fang Zheng, I won’t let you off even as a ghost… you!”

Under his curses and cries, Han Bu Liu’s flesh and skin were torn apart, his eyes were dug out, and blood flowed out of him, showing his pale white bones.

Fang Yuan watched silently, until he was completely dead and motionless.

He waved his hand lightly, and the eight wild dogs stopped their attacks, retreating to the two sides and opening a path for Fang Yuan.

Their bodies were full of blood traces. Some were still chewing on Han Bu Liu’s bones, some of their claws still had Han Bu Liu’s hair, flesh and so on.

Han Bu Liu’s corpse was completely destroyed.

But his stomach area was consciously left intact by Fang Yuan’s control.

He placed his palm on Han Bu Liu’s stomach, his mind entering the aperture.

This was a standard rank four middle stage aperture.

But Han Bu Liu was already dead, thus his aperture was slowly dying and shrinking.

Due to the law of this blessed land, all his Gu worms were suppressed and unable to move, quietly lying on the surface of the primeval sea.

There were five Gu, all from the enslavement path, with two rank four Gu among them.

Fang Yuan looked around, and retrieved them all out, easily refining them into his own aperture.

Throughout the process, he did not use the Spring Autumn Cicada.

The law of the blessed land did not restrict him at this moment, in fact, it helped him to refine these Gu easily.

King Quan seemed to encourage Gu Masters in killing each other, this showed the cruelty of a demonic inheritance.

Fang Yuan killed Han Bu Liu, having seven wild dogs left.

During Han Bu Liu’s dying struggle, he killed the wild dog that was most heavily injured.

At the brink of death, people were often able to unleash great power.

Fang Yuan looked at these seven wild dogs, showing a bit of regret in his peaceful gaze.

“Only seven wild dogs are left, each with injuries, this will make it much harder to get through the future rounds. But compared to the rewards I got, the death of twelve wild dogs is insignificant.”

These wild dogs were commonly seen in forests of the outside world.

Using twelve dogs to exchange for two rank four Gu, three rank three Gu, this was too great of a deal.

“The three kings inheritance, not only is the inheritance a treasure, but the Gu Masters that enter the blessed land are all moving treasures! Killing them and taking their Gu worms, it would strengthen oneself!” As the heavenly power descended again, Fang Yuan sneered as his killing intent rose.

The misty fog appeared before him again.

Fang Yuan looked left and right.

Right in front of him, was a black shadow, it means an enemy Gu Master.

To the left, it was also a black shadow, but the side of this shadow was a protruding spiky shape.

To the right, it was an orange shadow, similar to before, it represented the chrysanthemum akita dog.

“I have seven wild dogs now, my battle strength is lacking, I cannot choose a Gu Master opponent. To the left, it is the hedgedog, its body is full of spikes and the attack power is twice of an ordinary dog. The right leads to the chrysanthemum akita dog…”

Fang Yuan’s eyeballs darted around, and he walked to the right.

Although the hedgedog had higher attack power, to go through this path, his losses would be severe. Fang Yuan’s seven wild dogs were all injured, if their intestines were pierced by spikes, it meant death.

Fang Yuan had experience, the hedgedog was dangerous, without any steel armor dogs or Yin dogs, he should avoid them as much as possible.

All these precious experiences were all intentionally hidden by Gu Masters when they found out during the first few months of the inheritance. Most people only learnt after falling into these pitfalls themselves, and would love for others to experience the same.

Fang Yuan took large steps forward, and the fog thinned.

Near his leg, the seven wild dogs followed closely.

They had battled with Fang Yuan along the way, and were all injured. Especially the intense battle with Han Bu Liu, it expended their life force and battle strength.

Dog enslavement Gu appeared in mid air, landing in Fang Yuan’s hands.

When the fog disappeared, Fang Yuan received twenty dog enslavement Gu, all rank one.

Dog enslavement Gu was hard to retrieve, they were planted into the dog’s soul. When the dog dies, their soul dissipates, and the dog enslavement Gu dies with it.

Even if the Gu Master brought lots of rank one dog enslavement Gu into the inheritance, it would not help.

With the blessed land’s mysterious powers, it would take away all of the dog enslavement Gu in the Gu Master’s hands and not return it, only leaving one for them.

After a few tries, Gu Masters learnt their lesson.

A total of nearly sixty chrysanthemum akita dogs appeared in front of Fang Yuan.

These dogs had orange-yellow fur, like the color of an orange. Their long ears drooped down, covering their ear holes. At the same time, there were chrysanthemum patterns on their fur.

Their body size was around the same as an ordinary wild dog, or even slightly smaller.

But Fang Yuan’s expression changed.

Chrysanthemum akita dogs were naturally good at cooperation, the larger their numbers, the fiercer they fight. And Fang Yuan’s location was terrible, in the middle of a plain, without no terrain advantage, he could easily be engulfed if he relied on just seven wild dogs. Fang Yuan’s ending would not be any better than Han Bu Liu.

“I have to get to the top of that mound!” Only in the time of one breath, Fang Yuan scanned the surroundings and ran towards the mound with no hesitation.

He ran for five steps before the chrysanthemum akita dogs found him.

Woof woof woof…

 They barked, as numerous chrysanthemum akita dogs responded.

At once, all the surrounding chrysanthemum akita dogs gathered at one spot, forming into a river-like formation as they charged towards Fang Yuan.

This situation, if it was the wild dogs, lightning symbol dog, or hedgedog, it would not happen, unless there was a dog king to command them.

But the chrysanthemum akita dogs had a strong sense of cooperation, even without a dog king, they could still coordinate and unleash a group attack.

This was completely different from fighting individually.

Fang Yuan narrowly rushed to the top of the mound before the chrysanthemum akita dogs surrounded it.

Fang Yuan retreated until there was a cliff behind him.

The chrysanthemum akita dogs stopped for a moment, before charging again.

Because the terrain was narrow, the dog group could only send out fifteen dogs at once.

Fang Yuan quickly commanded his seven wild dogs to defend against them.

The two groups fought intensely, as Fang Yuan used his outstanding manipulation to hold them back.

At the same time, he waved his hand, throwing the five dog enslavement Gu out at the perfect timing.

Immediately, he had new fighting troops! Five healthy chrysanthemum akita dogs, turning around and joining Fang Yuan, causing the situation to reverse.

The original fifteen against seven, became ten against twelve, Fang Yuan held the advantage.

As companions turned into enemies, the dog group went into a panic. Fang Yuan used that opportunity to attack, killing six chrysanthemum akita dogs, as the other four retreated.

He could have taken down all ten chrysanthemum akita dogs originally, but he chose to let the four chrysanthemum akita dogs escape.

Fang Yuan’s rich experience was not just in this aspect.

He had twenty dog enslavement Gu, but he did not use them all at once, but in batches.

This terrain restricted the number of dogs that could enter battle. At the same time, the fewer dogs there were, the more Fang Yuan could use his exquisite manipulation skills.

When there are more dogs, Fang Yuan would be more distracted across battles, and his control would weaken.

The chrysanthemum akita dog group attacked again at Fang Yuan’s defensive line.

Fang Yuan had calculated to perfection, every time he used the dog enslavement Gu, it was used at the most crucial area. He not only chose the healthiest chrysanthemum akita dog that he could find, but also ruined the formation of the enemy chrysanthemum akita dogs.

Such benefits was not obvious, but in time, he gained much from it.

After nearly ten attacks, the chrysanthemum akita dogs were repelled every time.

Fang Yuan had three dog enslavement Gu left, and the remaining ten or so chrysanthemum akita dogs ran away in fear.

These chrysanthemum akita dogs were all injured, Fang Yuan had let them off earlier, to avoid their dying struggle.

Right now, they were already afraid, and chose to retreat.

“All this is due to the lack of a dog king to command them, otherwise, they would not have escaped so easily.” Fang Yuan breathed out some turbid air, choosing not to attack.

After this battle, his seven wild dogs were left with three, but he gained sixteen chrysanthemum akita dogs.

Under Fang Yuan’s skillful control, he distributed the injuries evenly on these dogs. Although they all had injuries, they preserved their battle strength, causing Fang Yuan to recover greatly from his losses in the previous round.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 349: Big Lightning Symbol Dog 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Thirteenth round…

Fourteenth round…

Seventeenth round…

Eighteenth round…

Fang Yuan got through all the stages, and the number of dogs he controlled increased. By the end of the nineteenth round, he had over eighty dogs.

Among them, he had over forty chrysanthemum akita dogs, more than twenty lightning symbol dogs, and nineteen hedgedogs.

During this period, he killed another person, it was a rank three peak stage water path Gu Master.

But, he eventually did not meet Bai Ning Bing.

“Twentieth round.” Fang Yuan had been counting in his heart.

In the three kings inheritance, every ten rounds, the difficulty would rise sharply.

After the twentieth round, there would be hundred beast kings, and hundreds to nearly a thousand beasts would attack at once.

Three lumps of light shadows appeared again in the fog, left, right, and center.

The one in the middle was orange, the size of a wicker-basket.

The left was a eerie blue lightning static, shining and was the size of a stone mill.

At the right, it was like the moon in water, flower in fog , it was a green-white formless light shadow. Among the three, this was the smallest light shadow.

Fang Yuan was clear, the size of the light shadow represented the size of the beast group, the larger it is, the more beasts there would be.

The orange shadow in front represented the chrysanthemum akita dogs, around two hundred of it. The left was the eerie blue shadow, showing a hundred and fifty lightning symbol dogs. The right was a green-white shadow, showing the Yin dog group, only around a hundred of it.

Fang Yuan eliminated the chrysanthemum akita dogs from his choice.

Once the chrysanthemum akita dog group had a dog king, they would be even more united. The larger the numbers, the larger their battle strength. Over two hundred chrysanthemum akita dogs was a calamity to the current Fang Yuan.

Next, he ruled out the Yin dog group.

Yin dogs were very unique, they did not have physical bodies, and were like a lump of Yin energy in a dog shape, floating in the air. Ordinary attacks cannot kill them, they can even penetrate mountain rocks, phase through the ground, and hide under water, etc.

Fang Yuan’s dogs did not have the ability to kill them. lightning symbol dogs only represented speed, they did not have the ability to emit lightning.

After thinking for a while, Fang Yuan chose the left path.

After the fog dispersed, the dog group surrounded him, moving alongside him slowly. A rank two dog enslavement Gu fell from the sky, landing in his palm.

When he got out of the fog, the lightning symbol dog group was loitering around the area.

On the mound, there was a larger dog, lying on the grass and sleeping.

It was larger than an ordinary lightning symbol dog by twice of their size, its body was covered in deep blue fur, sharp and spiky, flowing with static.

This was a hundred beast king — Big Lightning Symbol Dog!

“A godsend opportunity!” Fang Yuan was clear of the battle situation, as his eyes shone in a brilliant light, instantly making his decision.

He waved his hand, and sent out all his troops.

More than eighty dogs surrounded him in the middle, charging towards the big lightning symbol dog.

The big lightning symbol dog’s reaction was fast, its ears twitched and it opened its eyes, standing up instantly.

It raised his head and howled, assembling the nearby lightning symbol dog group.

Getting the command from their king, the surrounding lightning symbol dogs responded and quickly gathered at the dog king’s side from all directions.

Although the lightning symbol dogs had great speed, Fang Yuan had the initiative.

He gathered the force that he had, using them to collective assault the leader of his enemies!

Some nearby lightning symbol dogs were faster than Fang Yuan and gathered at the dog king’s side.

“Charge!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with resolution, at this time, hesitation was the biggest taboo. Once he had made up his mind, he would charge ahead fearlessly.

The defending lightning symbol dogs were quickly overwhelmed.

Fang Yuan’s formation was tight, while the lightning symbol dogs were loosely positioned, as most of them had not reached the dog king yet.

“Woof!”

As the hundred beast king big lightning symbol dog, seeing its subjects slaughtered, its inner ferocity was unleashed, as it charged towards Fang Yuan while brandishing its claws.

Fang Yuan willed, and twenty lightning symbol dogs split into two groups, flanking from the left and right. Nineteen hedgedogs lined into formation, charging fearlessly at the big lightning symbol dog. The remaining dogs — over forty chrysanthemum akita dogs, surrounded Fang Yuan, slowly spreading out and moving ahead with the hedgedogs.

The big lightning symbol dog had fallen into Fan Yuan’s encirclement, trapped in the middle.

Fang Yuan did not care about the expenditure of his mental energy, mobilizing his dog group and using the most perfect coordination.

The big lightning symbol dog had greater speed than an ordinary lightning symbol dog, but because of Fang Yuan’s encirclement, its greatest advantage was restricted.

It barked loudly, gathering its subjects.

Its subjects were rushing over in a frenzy, trying to defend it.

Fang Yuan had to trap the big lightning symbol dog, while blocking the attacks of the outside dog group, he faced great pressure and his head started hurting, as sweat poured out of his forehead.

The situation was dangerous.

If he fought them head on, even if he won, it would be a tragic victory, and his troops would dwindle. Thus, he thought of the ‘capture the king’ approach.

But if he could not control this hundred beast king, then Fang Yuan would become the filling inside a dumpling, not only would he fail this round, he might even lose his life.

In this Gu Immortal Blessed Land, other than the inheritance’s Gu worms, other Gu cannot be mobilized, thus it was easy for Gu Masters to die.

Fang Yuan’s strength qi Gu, all-out effort Gu could not be used.

Of course, he had his final trump card — Spring Autumn Cicada. But with the Spring Autumn Cicada’s current condition, although he could activate it, there was a huge risk in doing so. He was likely to self-detonate and die for nothing. Thus, unless he was forced to the extreme, and had no other choices left, Fang Yuan would not use it abruptly.

Sweat gathered into drops on his forehead, falling onto the ground.

Fang Yuan did not care about wiping it, he was clutching onto the rank two dog enslavement Gu, and did not strike yet.

He was finding the best opportunity.

Using a rank one dog enslavement Gu and subduing ordinary dogs, he could do it half-heartedly. But to subdue a hundred beast king using a rank two dog enslavement Gu, there was a possibility of failure.

That is because the hundred beast king has natural Gu worms on its body. These Gu could ruin Fang Yuan’s plans.

He only had one chance, if the rank two dog enslavement Gu was destroyed, he would be finished. Thus, he had to be careful!

“Woof!”

The big lightning symbol dog was getting anxious, it suddenly opened its mouth and shot out a lump of blue plasma.

The dark blue plasma was like a sticky substance, falling from above. As it landed on the grass, it did not dissipate, but remained shining, turning the grass and rocks charred black with a crackling sound.

“This is a rank two plasma Gu!” FangYuan immediately recognised the culprit behind this plasma.

Plasma Gu did not have a strong attack power.

Although the attack was very suddenly, and engulfed Fang Yuan’s numerous chrysanthemum akita dogs, he quickly ordered the dogs in this field of plasma to retreat at the first second.

The fur on the dogs were all charred, and they were moving sluggishly, after being paralyzed by the current. But they still had some fighting power remaining.

“Woof, woof, woof.”

The big lightning symbol dog continued to shoot out plasma, as it covered a large area of grass.

Fang Yuan’s brows were tightly knitted, his expression turning grim.

The plasma Gu’s attack power was not high, but it would affect the terrain for a period of time. During this period, the area would be a forbidden zone for Fang Yuan’s dogs.

Fang Yuan’s troops were already in the center, they did not have much room to move.

The plasma added onto this disadvantage, being a huge restriction to Fang Yuan’s plans in mobilizing troops, or changing their formation.

Without any choice left, Fang Yuan had to redeploy his troops.

He had originally placed the lightning symbol dogs at the outer line of defense, but now they moved in to deal with the hundred beast king. He sent the chrysanthemum akita dogs out, to defend against the over hundred lightning symbol dogs.

Lightning symbol dogs moved freely in the area affected by the plasma, in fact, because of the electric current stimulation, their movement speed was even raised.

The scene had become extremely disadvantageous to Fang Yuan.

Lightning symbol dogs had some fear and hesitation towards the hundred beast king big lightning symbol dog naturally. This caused Fang Yuan’s manipulation to be tougher and more energy intensive, and at the same time his control was weaker.

At the outer ring of defense, the chrysanthemum akita dogs’ speed was inferior to the lightning symbol dogs, they could only form into a tight ring of defense and defend against them passively.

If they were the lightning symbol dogs, Fang Yuan could still use speed to restrict them through kiting.

“Endure, we have to endure this! I’ve already learnt of the hundred beast king’s first Gu, next, we have to continue…” Although he was in danger, Fang Yuan’s heart was still calm and peaceful.

Everytime the plasma Gu was activated, it needed a cooldown of five breaths. The plasma Gu itself needed rest too.

During this five breaths, Fang Yuan could activate the rank two dog enslavement Gu without fear of the plasma Gu’s attack.

But Fang Yuan did not know what other Gu this hundred beast king had.

To be safe, he had to continue testing.

Time continued to pass, and the situation was getting tougher for Fang Yuan.

He had lost fourteen lightning symbol dogs, only having nine left. The hedgedogs were not the same race as the lightning symbol dog, thus there was less casualties, but only eleven remained.

Chrysanthemum akita dogs suffered the greatest loss, from around fifty, they fell to less than twenty.

But Fang Yuan did not manage to find out of the hundred beast king possessed a second Gu.

He decided to strike!

“I can’t wait anymore. Most likely, this big lightning symbol dog only has one Gu on it.”

He had to take a risk.

If he continued waiting, his line of defense would be completely broken.

Rank two dog enslavement Gu!

While the big lightning symbol dog shot out a plasma bolt, Fang Yuan quickly struck and unleashed his Gu.

Under Fang Yuan’s supervision, the dog enslavement Gu successfully flew into the big lightning symbol dog and planted itself into its soul.

A formless impact in terms of mental energy assaulted Fang Yuan through his dog enslavement Gu.

Fang Yuan’s head was already hurting, but after suffering this attack, he instantly felt dizzy.

This was the soul of the hundred beast king, the resistance towards the enslavement.

Subduing a hundred beast king was not easy.

Fang Yuan’s body wavered, gritting his teeth as he endured.

A mental connection allowed Fang Yuan and the big lightning symbol dog to communicate. The dog was still resisting earlier, wanting to chop Fang Yuan into pieces, but the moment later, it started barking, wagging its tail at Fang Yuan affectionately.

The surrounding lightning symbol dog group heard the dog king’s call and stopped their attack.

The intense battle had ended, and peace returned.

Fang Yuan stood on the spot, turning his head and looking at the battlefield.

The risk paid off!

Although he had some losses, but looking around him — there were at least a hundred and twenty lightning symbol dogs.

Not to forget, he had a hundred beast king that possesses a plasma Gu.

Fang Yuan’s battle strength surged!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 350: Dog Guts Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The fog ahead was thick.

Fang Yuan was walking in the fog, beside him, there was a large dog group.

Eleven hedgedogs, a hundred and thirty-two lightning symbol dogs, seventeen chrysanthemum akita dogs. Other than that, there was a hundred beast king, big lightning symbol dog.

Restricted by the heavenly power, the dog group followed Fang Yuan silently, quiet and obedient, not making a sound.

In the world of the fog, all was silent.

It was so silent that Fang Yuan hear his own breathing.

Although he had endured twenty rounds, and the dogs in his hand had reached the highest so far, Fang Yuan was not optimistic.

“In this three kings inheritance, every ten rounds, the difficulty would rise by many times. Although I have more than a hundred dogs now, to survive the next ten rounds and get to the thirtieth round on my first attempt, it will not be easy.”

Thirty rounds, that was Fang Yuan’s goal for his first attempt in King Quan inheritance.

In his previous life, the three kings inheritance was only completely rung dry after many years. Fang Yuan would have to spend quite a bit of time on San Cha mountain, it was not realistic to attempt to get the inheritance in one go.

Three kings inheritance, all three were tough. Even if Fang Yuan had a hundred beast king, and over a hundred dogs, he could only stabilize his current position.

In the future rounds, if he got careless in any of them, he might lose everything, losing the dogs that he had painstakingly subdued, and even his life.

A demonic inheritance was this cruel.

“This King Quan inheritance, the deeper we go, the more advantageous it is for an enslavement path Gu Master. I walked on the enslavement path before in my previous life, but this time, I am a strength path Gu Master.”

After experiencing that dangerous battle, Fang Yuan’s head was still dizzy.

Using his mental energy so intensely, spending all his energy to control the dog groups to battle, this was the backlash.

But if it was an enslavement path Gu Master who has a strong soul, such symptoms would be very small.

Gu Masters on the enslavement path enslaved beasts or worms. They have to manipulate large numbers of worms or beasts at the same time, it used up a lot of their mental energy. Thus, enslavement path Gu Masters often used a special set of Gu worms to train and increase the quality of their own soul.

In the King Quan’s inheritance, the heavenly power did not restrict the soul enhancements of Gu Masters at all.

Thus, enslavement path Gu Masters had a huge advantage in King Quan Inheritance.

“But the enslavement path is very tough. Firstly, food was a huge burden, the large the size of your beast or worm group, the more food you needed. Secondly, to recruit strong worm or beasts, it is not easy. One can easily suffer a backlash, turning into an idiot. Thirdly, enslavement path Gu Masters overly rely on their beasts or worms. Their bodies are weak, and they are easily to deal with when alone.” Fang Yuan analyzed in his mind.

The different styles of Gu Masters, all had their strengths and weaknesses, difficulties and advantages.

The world was changing, the world was transforming. In the current Gu world, qi path was non-existent, strength path was declining, only left with a trace of its former glory. Enslavement path was extremely ordinary, and was hard to rise up. Occasionally, some enslavement path experts rise up, but vanish like a shooting star, only brilliant for a moment.

“Enslavement path Gu Masters have a huge requirement for resources. It is tiring on the mind and body, even a middle-sized clan cannot afford to feed an enslavement path Gu Master. At most, large or super clans would choose to nurture a few enslavement path Gu Masters for war purposes. Within the demonic path, it is even harder for enslavement path Gu Masters to survive, barely any even exists. That is why I did not choose this path.”

Fang Yuan calmed his spirit, focusing his mind.

After a while, he felt his head clearing up, as the dizziness faded.

He opened his eyes, looking around.

To his left, right, and front, there was a light shadow each.

Earlier, the light shadows were a blur. But after twenty rounds, they became extremely clear.

The left shadow was a group of chrysanthemum akita dogs, around two hundred of them. Some sprawled on the ground and rested, some were playing, while the rest were drinking milk from their mother.

Fang Yuan concentrated his gaze, looking intensely.

The beast kings of the chrysanthemum akita dogs were different from others, the stronger they were, the smaller their bodies.

Especially in a chaotic battlefield, the beast king mixes in with the dog groups, and become hidden. It was a good way to protect itself.

‘Where can the hundred beast king be?” Fang Yuan looked around, and suddenly the light shadow changed, showing a Gu.

This Gu was fist-sized, shaped like a pebble, dark brown in color. Its surface was smooth, like it had a layer of oil.

“Dog guts Gu.” Fang Yuan recognised this Gu at the first second: “Appearing after the beast group, that means that if I choose this group of chrysanthemum akita dogs, and attain victory, I will get a dog guts Gu…”

A while later, this light shadow vanished.

Fang Yuan did not make his decision, but looked at the middle one.

The light shadow in front of him was showing a black-ish dog group.

These dogs were barking at each other, charging and crashing together. It showed the ferocity and violent nature of this type of dog.

This was the steel armor dog.

There was a leather armor on this type of dog, the leather armor was dark and heavy, like steel, it had strong defenses.

In the process of growing up, the dogs would knock into one another, to reduce the intense itchiness of their bodies growing bigger.

The hundred beast king of the steel armor dog had the same size as the big lightning symbol dog. It was very noticeable among the dog groups, Fang Yuan found it almost immediately.

Immediately after, the light shadow flashed, and a Gu appeared.

This Gu, Fang Yuan was familiar with it; he had used it earlier.

Rank two dog enslavement Gu.

“If I choose the steel armor dog group and win, I get a dog enslavement Gu…”

Fang Yuan muttered, turning his gaze to the right.

In the light shadow on the right, there was no dogs at all. Instead, it showed a mountainous scene, with grey-white mountain rocks and cliffs, green trees swaying with the wind.

After a while, this image vanished, not showing a Gu like before.

“This is a chance to leave the King Quan Inheritance.” Fang Yuan knew in his heart.

King Quan Inheritance was created inside the blessed land, Gu Masters who enter were restricted by the heavenly power, unable to enter or leave at will.

But the three kings inheritance was not a place without exits, there was a hope of survival in it.

At every set interval, there would be a chance to retreat from the inheritance.

Just like this time, if Fang Yuan chose the right side, when he leaves the fog, he would be transported out.

He would appear at the mountainous area as shown in the light shadow, and this mountain waist was not far away, it was somewhere on San Cha mountain.

But Fang Yuan did not choose the right side.

“I have the resources on me to continue forward. It is too much of a pity if I leave now. Of course, there might not be a chance for me to leave later.”

This was also a formless test.

Many Gu Masters, although they had strength, in order to stay safe, they decided to give up and leave the inheritance, wasting such a good opportunity.

Some Gu Masters had no talent, but went forward recklessly, missing the opportunity to retreat, they die in regret.

Fang Yuan had never lacked courage, he gave up this opportunity resolutely. To him, there was only two options.

“To the left, it is the chrysanthemum akita dogs. This dog is most united, and the location of the dog king is unknown. If I win, I get a dog guts Gu. Dog guts Gu is a rank two supplementary Gu of the enslavement path. It is used on dogs, once activated, it allows the courage and morale of my dogs in a certain range to rise, sweeping away their fear and drawing out their complete battle strength.”

Fang Yuan thought about his previous match.

He was forced to use the lightning symbol dogs to attack the big lightning symbol dog. In the end, the lightning symbol dogs were fearful and battled in trepidation, having much less battle strength than normal. Fang Yuan had to waste his mental energy to force them to fight, causing his mind to feel exhausted.

Beast kings suppressed and generated fear in ordinary wild beasts.

But if Fang Yuan had used the dog guts Gu earlier, using it on the lightning symbol dogs.

These lightning symbol dogs would feel extremely courageous, no longer fearful and could execute brave attacks towards the big lightning symbol dog.

Thus, the dog guts Gu, although not an attacking Gu, it was the best supplementary Gu. It targeted dogs, causing their courage to double or triple, raising their morale sky high!

“Dog guts Gu is only rank two, it can allow ordinary dogs to suppress their fear towards hundred beast kings. Above that would be the rank three dog guts above mountain Gu, able to resist the fear towards a thousand beast king. At rank four, it would be dog guts above sea Gu, able to resist the aura of a myriad beast king. If it can rise to rank five, it would be the infamous dog guts above heaven Gu! It can cause dogs to go into a frenzy, going crazy and attacking like a tsunami, even having the courage to overturn the emperor of dogs…”

Fang Yuan knew clearly, and even knew that in King Quan Inheritance, there were rank one to five Gu of the dog guts series.

In his previous life, many people had obtained the rank three and four dog guts Gu, and there was even a lucky person who obtained the one and only rank five dog guts above heaven Gu.

“If I want to conquer the King Quan Inheritance, the dog guts Gu is necessary.”

Fang Yuan had to admit, he had always had a desire towards dog guts Gu.

But his steps did not move to the left, but instead, moved forward —

He chose the steel armor dog group.

Although he wanted the dog guts Gu badly, he was not overwhelmed by greed.

The chrysanthemum akita dogs were extremely united, they were extremely strong in group battles, it would be a tough battle. At the same time, they dog king hid itself very well, Fang Yuan could not find it, it would be a huge threat.

But the steel armor dogs were different.

Their dog king was very apparent, and in Fang Yuan’s hands, he had a special tool that was extremely effective against steel armor dogs.

Fang Yuan walked out of the fog, and the steel armor dog group was vigilant, immediately having a reaction.

As the hundred beast king, big steel armor dog howled, causing the dogs to run and gather by its side.

During the whole process, Fang Yuan observed silently.

He did not attack like before, because last time, he had a rank two dog enslavement Gu, but now he did not have it anymore.

He needed to exterminate this group of dogs to pass this round, and get a dog enslavement Gu as a reward.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 351: Multitask Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The two dog groups were at a stalemate.

At Fang Yuan’s side, the blue color lightning symbol dog were at the main position, with the grey hedgedogs as support along with the orange chrysanthemum akita dogs. As for the steel armor dog groups, it was a sea of black.

Fang Yuan mobilized the big lightning symbol dog to the front, waving his hand and sending the dogs out to attack as the vanguard.

Big steel armor dog barked, upon seeing the big lightning symbol dog appear, it stepped into the battlefield as well.

Beside it, the steel armor dog group followed closely behind, they were like a huge black cloud, flying down from the mound, giving off a terrifying aura.

The dog groups clashed together, Fang Yuan had a limited number of vanguards, quickly engulfed by the huge number of steel armor dogs.

But because of the big lightning symbol dog’s existence, the steel armor dog group could not take them down so easily.

The big lightning symbol dog was after all a hundred beast king, under the attack of the dog group, it was able to handle them left and right, putting up a brave fight. Ordinary steel armor dogs were not its match.

Woof!

The big steel armor dog stepped out, finally stopping the assault of the big lightning symbol dog.

Only a hundred beast king could stop a hundred beast king.

As the intense battle continued, big lightning symbol dog started to weaken. It had just undergone a battle earlier, and there was still injuries on it, causing its battle strength to be lower than usual. Furthermore, its specialty was speed, but it was going head to head with the big steel armor dog who specialized in defense, it obviously had the disadvantage.

Fang Yuan saw this, and sent his dog group over.

The new troops flowed in like a river, entering the battle causing chaos.

But the enemy was the steel armor dogs, experts at defense, most adept at such battles.

Although Fang Yuan sent out his army, and only left a few dog guards behind to protect himself, he could not change the situation.

Be it the hundred beast king battle, or the dog group battle, he was at a disadvantage.

But Fang Yuan was not worried.

The truth is, this was what he wanted all along.

He was waiting.

Waiting for the weapon which suppressed the steel armor dogs to appear.

Woof!

Big lightning symbol dog could not block the attack of the big steel armor dog, and suddenly barked, shooting out a mouthful of blue plasma.

Rank two plasma Gu!

“This is it.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brightly, as his lips curled up.

Steel armor dog group gathered at their dog king, attacking the big lightning symbol dog while enduring the attacks of Fang Yuan’s dog group, causing them to be closely packed together, like the shape of a black bucket.

Blue plasma landed on the ground, splattering.

Large amounts of plasma landed on the steel armor dogs, causing their bodies to vibrate as they cried. Not only did their battle strength fall, the formation of the entire dog group was broken and heavily obstructed.

The armor on the steel armor dogs were of metallic element. Although the steel gave them superior defenses, it also made them unable to resist the power of electricity.

The attack power of plasma Gu was not high, but once used on the steel armor dogs, it was a formidable move.

The big lightning symbol dog shot out plasma continuously, as plasma covered the entire battlefield, heavily weakening the battle strength of the steel armor dogs.

The firm steel-like formation, had collapsed under the effects of plasma Gu.

Fang Yuan saw an opportunity, and commanded the dogs to charge, the dog group outside worked together with the big lightning symbol dog in the middle, unleashing a high offensive power.

If one watched from the sky, they would see that the large black area was first eroded by blue color, before being devoured by the surrounding blend of colors.

Black continued to reduce, while blue, yellow, and grey overtook them and dominated the field.

The situation changed quickly, soon, Fang Yuan regained his control, killing most of the steel armor dogs and encircling the big steel armor dog in the middle.

Feeling danger, the Gu worm on the big steel armor dog started to work.

Big steel armor dog gained more strength, while black spikes grew out of its body.

Fifteen minutes later, the big steel armor dog’s throat was torn by the big lightning symbol dog, and fell indignantly. Its blood flowed on the ground, but it did not get up anymore.

The battle ended.

As for the two Gu worms on the big steel armor dog, one was destroyed during the battle,while the other flew away.

Fang Yuan’s expression was grim, in order to kill this hundred beast king, he paid a huge price. He only had half of his dog group left, and it would be a problem for his remaining battles.

After twenty rounds, beast kings would appear.

With the beast king, the dog groups would display greater battle strength, at the same time, the beast king itself was a huge threat.

The more Gu worms on its body, the stronger it is, and the worse the situation would be for the Gu Master fighting it.

Fang Yuan’s luck was bad this time, the big steel armor dog he encountered this time had two Gu. Especially when one of the Gu was good at attack and defense, causing Fang Yuan to suffer great losses.

One’s own luck matters when challenging the three kings inheritance.

The steel armor dog group was Fang Yuan’s best choice this time, but his luck was not as good.

A rank two dog enslavement Gu fell from above, as his prize for winning.

Fang Yuan did not use the Spring Autumn Cicada, he instantly refined the Gu with the help of the heavenly power.

“This Gu is the key to getting past the next round.” With such a resolution, Fang Yuan stepped into the fog.

Left, center, right, there were light shadows at all three directions. They were: A large numbers of corpse dogs, a certain number of Yin dogs, and a huge number of hyenas!

Fang Yuan’s eyes glowed as he analyzed.

This time, his strength was limited, thus he had to choose wisely, fighting a weak enemy while thinking of the reward of winning.

“If I defeat the corpse dog group, I get a white silver relic Gu. Killing the Yin dogs give me a two tasks at once Gu…”

White silver relic Gu was no use to Fang Yuan. At this stage, only yellow gold relic Gu had an attraction to him.

But unfortunately, yellow gold relic Gu was heavily controlled even in Shang clan city.

Rank four Gu Masters were experts in the mortal Gu Master realm. One yellow gold relic Gu could affect the battle strength among rank four Gu Masters greatly.

In the market, white silver relic Gu was sold normally, while yellow gold relic Gu were extremely rare, often held in the hands of the higher-ups.

Fang Yuan knew, super clans like Shang clan had lots of yellow gold relic Gu in their inventory. But even with the purple thorn token, he could not get them.

Shang Yan Fei held these yellow gold relic Gu in his hand, refusing to let them enter the market.

This was a secret temptation.

If Fang Yuan truly joined Shang clan, the yellow gold relic Gu would be a form of reward.

Shang Yan Fei’s brilliance was not something a commoner could understand. Fang Yuan did not want to compete with him in wits and strength just for a yellow gold relic Gu, and cause his own plans to be stalled.

“In the three kings inheritance, there are yellow gold relic Gu. But only after the fortieth round, if I can get one, the situation would improve greatly.

Fang Yuan had desire towards the yellow gold relic Gu.

But he knew, whether he could get one was all attributed to his own luck.

He could not force this.

As for the two tasks at once Gu, it could allow the Gu Master to split his mind into two and was extremely effective in manipulating worm or beast armies.

Fang Yuan himself could do four tasks at once, if he added in this Gu, he would be able to do six tasks at once.

“Two tasks at once Gu is only a rank two Gu. Going higher, there are three tasks at once, four tasks at once, five tasks at once and so on. Multitask Gu is the most important tool for an enslavement path Gu Master. Hmm, wait… this is?”

Fang Yuan looked at the right, after the hyenas disappeared, it showed a token.

An ordinary reward is an enslavement path Gu.

But this reward was slightly special, it was an ordinary looking token.

The token was rough and had an irregular shape, like it was casually molded into shape by someone. On the surface, there was the carving of San Cha mountain, but this map was extremely casual and ugly, giving a strong feeling of half-heartedness. With one glance, one can easily tell that the person who made this token did not put in any effort, only doing it out of necessity.

But once Fang Yuan saw this token, his eyes lit up.

“King Quan travel token!” He immediately forgot about the white silver relic Gu, two tasks at once Gu.

“What luck to have encountered this token, I must get it!” Fang Yuan had a determined mind, he had to get this token at all costs.

Although this token looked worthless, it was one of the best items.

Right now, no one knew its worth yet, but Fang Yuan knew clearly, towards to end of the three kings inheritance in his previous life, the price of such a token was as high as a rank four Gu!

“But this hyena pack is huge, and there are two dog kings. If I choose this path, the risks are huge. The best scenario is that I enslave one of the two big hyenas during battle. But even so, if I win this battle, I would suffer huge losses and would lose the ability to advance further.”

Fang Yuan had a clear understanding of his own strength.

The advantage of experience was shown here, it allowed him to clearly know the advantages and disadvantages of every choice.

Fang Yuan thought about it, and decided to take a risk.

Since he walked on the demonic path, he had to take risks, by taking the extreme path, he would gain the biggest profits. Having no regrets after every choice, this was truly being alive!

Four hours later.

An intense battle ended.

On and below the mound, there were dog corpses everywhere. Fresh blood flowed as limbs decorated the ground.

Fang Yuan stood on the mound, slightly injured. In this Gu Immortal blessed land, he could not use his Gu, causing him to be extremely weakened.

“But I won anyway…” Fang Yuan looked at his surroundings, only a dozen or so dogs were left, as he sighed deeply.

Losing almost all the dogs that he had, there was no longer any hope of advancing in this cruel demonic inheritance.

But Fang Yuan had the last bit of hope in his mind.

The heavenly power descended, sending him into the fog once again.

“If I encounter Bai Ning Bing, by borrowing her strength, I would be able to continue.” But Fang Yuan was to be disappointed.

All three directions led to dog groups. If he did not have the travel token, Fang Yuan would definitely die.

He took out the travel token.

Grasping it tightly, he bit the tip of his tongue and spit out some blood.

The blood landed on the token, and Fang Yuan opened his mouth, saying to the token softy: “Woof.”

The token emitted a strong light, as it tore through space, dragging Fang Yuan with it.

In the silent fog, there was no one left.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 352: Casually killed 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Mountain winds gently blew.

In an ordinary bamboo forest in the middle of San Cha mountain, the space suddenly shattered and light burst out.

The light flickered away instantly; in a bush where there had been no one before, a person appeared.

It was a youth with black hair, black pupils and a calm face. He was holding a token, it was Fang Yuan.

“I have exited King Quan Inheritance…” Fang Yuan had only felt his eyes blur for a moment and the next moment, he was at a strange place.

He looked around, confirming there was no danger around him and that he was somewhere around the middle of San Cha mountain.

According to his initial estimation, he was now at the northern side of San Cha mountain; while the cave he had occupied with Bai Ning Bing was on the southeast side.

He raised his head and looked at the peak.

San Cha mountain possessed three peaks which stood high in the clouds like three equal spear tips.

The light pillars on the peaks were gradually dying down.

The yellow light pillar represented the entrance to King Quan Inheritance; the blue light pillar was King Xin Inheritance; and the red light pillar was King Bao Inheritance.

The size of the light pillars had already decreased by around half compared to when Fang Yuan had just entered.

With the passing of time, the number of Gu Masters that entered the inheritances increased while the light pillars would continue to become small till it completely disappeared; at that time, the entrances to the three inheritances would be closed.

After another round of waiting, the light pillars would activate again and bring in a new round of carnage.

Fang Yuan looked at the token in his hand.

On the surface of this unsightly King Quan token, there were now several deep cracks.

Fang Yuan was not surprised.

King Quan travel token could be used for three times at most. After three uses, the token would completely crack into pieces and could not be used anymore.

However, these three chances for retreating were extremely precious. This was not only a chance to survive, the even more important thing was the Gu Master would have a psychological superiority and could choose their paths more freely.

Fang Yuan stored this travel token carefully and hurried towards his cave.

“Ah, it is Fang Zheng!”

“Little beast king has finally appeared…”

On the whole way, Fang Yuan ran into many Gu Masters; regardless of righteous path or demonic path, they all casted a strange and amazed look at him.

“What happened?” Fang Yuan frowned, he keenly sensed that something rather important had happened.

Halfway to his cave, he casually grabbed someone and questioned.

It turns out Bai Ning Bing killed a Tie clan Gu Master in King Quan Inheritance. After she came out of the inheritance, she was immediately discovered by Tie clan.

Tie clan Gu Masters surrounded the cave and trapped Bai Ning Bing.

Four rank four middle stage Gu Masters moved at the same time and used iron cabinet Gu to lock down the nearby area.

Bai Ning Bing could not force her way through it and was now being attacked continuously by Tie clan Gu Masters.

“Lord little beast king, this matter has been made a big deal and the whole San Cha mountain knows about it. This is no longer a matter of personal hatred but it represents the battle between the righteous path and us demonic path! Actually, everyone is waiting for you. Lord, if you act, those Tie clan Gu Masters won’t be able to block you. You are our demonic path’s genius, our demonic path’s flag! Lord, I have said everything there is to say, can I take my leave now?” That unlucky guy grabbed by Fang Yuan begged in a sobbing voice.

“Such a big thing happened…” Fang Yuan slightly furrowed his brows while holding the unfortunate guy by the collar.

Although this news could startle anyone when they first hear it, it was not beyond Fang Yuan’s anticipation.

There were naturally going to be conflicts as they moved through the three kings inheritance.

This was a demonic path inheritance, the competition was extremely cruel. Sometimes, even if one wanted to retreat, they could not.

“Tie clan has rust flower Gu, this Gu is stored in the souls of Tie clansmen. Whoever kills Tie clansmen would be stained with this formless fragrance. It is not surprising Bai Ning Bing was found out.” Fang Yuan nodded while mumbling to himself.

“Lord, you are truly knowledgeable, you are extremely right. Lord, you don’t know that your disappearance these few days caused everyone on San Cha mountain to comment and say you are an ostrich and are afraid of being involved with a top clan like Tie clan. Do I not know what kind of person lord is? Lord, you are the one I admire the most, since you arrived at San Cha mountain, you have killed the tyrant, Fei Li and Sky Tiger. Is there anyone who do not know of your fame and reputation? You definitely have some reason that the outsiders don’t need to know. Right now if you act, those Tie clansmen will definitely wet their pants in fear and implore lord to let them off.”

Fang Yuan had great strength and as he grabbed this unlucky guy’s collar, the unlucky guy was having trouble breathing and his face was becoming purplish.

However, for survival, this Gu Master talked non-stop, flattering from start to end, showing his immense will to survive.

Fang Yuan fell silent and only after a long while did he slowly speak: “You are right.”

He loosened his hand.

This rank two Gu Master immediately flushed with joy: “What kind of person is lord, any discerning person would be clear of it! Lord is absolutely a great hero, great warrior, those slandering lord are bastards, they are all blind! Lord, I have always supported you and argued with others for you…”

“Hehe.”

Fang Yuan suddenly laughed coldly.

His hand moved like lightning, like an eagle’s claws, as he suddenly pinched this rank two Gu Master’s neck.

Crack!

The Gu Master’s eyes quickly widened, the spinal bone on his neck was completely crushed by Fang Yuan and he lost his life on the spot.

Gasp… Upon seeing this, the Gu Masters observing from the shadows drew in a cold breath sharply.

Fang Yuan was an influential figure and because of Bai Ning Bing’s matter, the moment he appeared, his tracks were revealed and his every movement was watched by many.

Fang Yuan killed this person and immediately searched his body.

Unfortunately, whether it was on him or his aperture, all the Gu worms had self-destructed.

Fang Yuan attacked extremely fast, but how could it be faster than a person’s thought?

The speed a person could send a thought was as fast as a jolt of electricity, even a blink of an eye could not match one percent of its speed.

In the outside world, the probability of getting Gu worms as the spoils of battle against Gu Masters was quite low. It was not like at three kings inheritance with the heavenly power’s restriction where Gu at rank five and below could not self-destruct.

Seeing Fang Yuan’s skilled body searching method, the many Gu Masters observing from the darkness felt the chill intensify further in their spine.

“Such skillfulness, how many people has he killed?”

“Fang Zheng does not let even rank two Gu worms go, he is clearly a rank four, we can see how greedy his nature is!”

“Fang Zheng is extremely addicted to killing! That Gu Master was clearly begging him and was of no threat to him, but he still did not let him go.”

“Have you guys seen enough? If you have, then screw off!” Fang Yuan stood arrogantly and shouted while looking around him with a fierce gaze.

Soon after, human figures emerged from the lush bushes, trees, creeks, and from under the soil and stones.

These figures quickly retreated and disappeared within seconds.

The area around Fang Yuan had once again regained peacefulness. It was really difficult to imagine that there were so many people hiding.

Fang Yuan had a great reputation for his violence now, he killed three rank four demonic Gu Masters in a row, he got things done by hook or by crook, he was despicable and cold-blooded, and was fiercely addicted to killing. These people had their courage broken by Fang Yuan’s one simple sentence and did not dare to linger around Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan snorted and looked around him once again before proudly leaving this place.

But he knew, he was still being monitored from within the darkness.

The ones scared off by him were all shrimps. The remaining ones were all unique, with the capital to be confident.

Fang Yuan was not concerned about them and strutted out of this place.

In truth, although he had outstanding battle prowess now, he still had a weakness in the investigative aspect. Moreover these Gu Masters who were secretly following and monitoring him were sure to also be experts at speed. Even if Fang Yuan discovered them, he only had charging crash Gu and it would be fairly difficult for him to chase them.

“Where is he going? This direction is not towards the area where Bai Ning Bing is trapped.”

“Did he discover me? Just now when he looked around, my heart skipped a beat…”

“Is little beast king afraid? Wait a moment, this cave seems to be Li Xian’s residence?’

These Gu Masters followed after Fang Yuan cautiously, they were all inwardly surprised when they saw Fang Yuan stop in front of a cave.

HIs partner, the inseparable white demon Bai Ning Bing was trapped, but little beast king did not seem to be the least bit anxious. Instead, he walked towards Li Xian’s residence.

Li Xian was a demonic path Gu Master at rank four upper stage. He was cunning and never suffered losses, a troublesome character. Could it be little beast king was looking to find trouble for Li Xian?

The Gu Masters following Fang Yuan secretly made guesses.

Fang Yuan’s arrival immediately attracted Li Xian’s attention.

Li Xian was already near his cave setting up detecting methods.

“Lord little beast king, truly a rare guest! You came to my place, what can I do for you?” Li Xian took the initiative to greet Fang Yuan, he approached Fang Yuan and cupped his fists as a greeting at a distance of twenty steps.

He did not dare to be too close to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was a temperamental ruffian; Li Xian, this unscrupulous merchant was also on edge when facing him.

Fang Yuan’s visit was beyond his expectation. Who knew what Fang Yuan, this lunatic, cunning and shameless guy would do next?

Thus, Li Xian appeared calm on the surface and was full of smiled, but he was already extremely vigilant.

“I came to you naturally for business. What’s wrong, are you not going to invite me in?” Fang Yuan smiled with an indistinct gaze.

“Since you are a customer, I will of course welcome you. Please come in, come in.” Li Xian’s gaze flashed and he moved aside, letting Fang Yuan enter first.

Fang Yuan strutted past him and glanced at Li Xian.

Li Xian smiled and walked alongside Fang Yuan into his cave.

“They have gone inside!”

“I can’t follow them anymore, there are investigative Gu installed around the cave. If I trespass, I will definitely be treated as an enemy by Li Xian.”

“Is little beast king really going to make a deal? Why do I feel Li Xian is out of luck this time?”

“I can already predict the scene of the explosive and tremendous battle between the two.”

“Li Xian is at rank four upper stage, he definitely has many trump cards. If a fight erupts, it is sure to be a battle of dragon and tiger!”

Outside the cave, the group of Gu Masters could only stop and stretch their necks to look at the dark cave.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 353: Thunder Boar, Rock Crocodile 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Inside the cave.

Li Xian asked Fang Yuan to take a seat and then sat beside him.

“Please have some tea.” Li Xian stretched his short and thick fingers, his hand opened up and a fragrant tea appeared on his open palm.

Fang Yuan looked at the tea, but did not accepted it or even budged, instead he sighed: “Eastern Sea’s blue sky Gu is really handy. Not only does it have a large capacity, far surpassing others of the same level, it is also easy and convenient to use.

“Eh? I didn’t expect Sir little beast king to recognize this Gu.” Li Xian’s gaze slightly flickered.

He was not from Southern Border, but came drifting to here from Eastern Sea. Blue sky Gu was a Gu unique to Eastern Sea and was very uncommon at that.

When Li Xian had dealings with other people, he frequently used this Gu to show his methods.

Southern Border Gu Masters did not recognize this Gu and when they saw such a method for the first time, they would often look more highly at Li Xian.

Fang Yuan smiled and slowly said: ” This rank four blue sky Gu is fused from rank three sky granary Gu. The success rate is quite low so it is rare even in Eastern Sea. If blue sky Gu is to be advanced to rank five, the best method is to fuse it with sky well Gu, to form rank five blue sky well Gu. And this sky well Gu is a natural Gu found only in Eastern Sea’s Tian Jing island. Li Xian, if you want to advance it, it will be troublesome. Here in Southern Border, only Yi clan might have sky well Gu.”

Yi clan along with Shang clan, Wu clan and Tie clan, was a top clan and had very close relation to Eastern Sea’s forces. Yi clan’s businesses are very prosperous, second only to Shang clan. Their flying blue whale caravan could move through the sky, which even Shang clan did not have.

“Blue sky Gu, sky well Gu, blue sky well Gu and Tian Jing island….how does little beast king know it so clearly?” Li Xian was startled and suspicious when he heard Fang Yuan’s words.

The world of Gu Masters was extremely vast, there were also barriers that acted like heavenly chasm between Southern Border, Northern Plains, Eastern Seas, Western Desert and Central Continent. It was very difficult to communicate with each other and news were also blocked.

Li Xian had already investigated all details on Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was born in Southern Border and he was so young, how could he have such experiences? Even knowing detailed information about Eastern Sea!

A vague pressure started to form in Li Xian’s mind.

‘Strange, strange! What is the origin of this little beast king? How could he know so much? Could there be an expert behind him?’

‘With his age and experience, how could he know such details? Oh yeah, he stayed for quite a while at Shang clan city and might have received guidance from Shang Yan Fei. Shang Yan Fei is Shang clan leader, a rank five upper stage Gu Master, an expert at the peak of the mortal world. It is not strange for little beast king to know these under his guidance.’

Li Xian’s gaze continually flickered, his heart covered with haze of doubts. His whole body was in a stiff position and his palm was still holding the purple clay teapot.

“No!” Suddenly, his thoughts flashed like lightning as he thought of the main thing: “I originally wanted to display my methods and pressure him down. To think I became overly suspicious and my mind became uneasy just from little beast king’s several words! Even if he has Shang Yan Fei behind him, so what? Others might be afraid, but I, Li Xian, have my own means! Hmph.”

Li Xian softly snorted and placed the teapot on the table. He took this chance to calm his mind.

He was, after all, an elite of the demonic path and adjusted his mind in just few breaths’ time. He then faced Fang Yuan calmly.

It was just that there were some cautiousness and graveness in his eyes now.

“Sir little beast king, please taste the tea. What transaction do you want to make with me?” Li Xian asked.

“You don’t need to think much, it is only a simple transaction.” Fang Yuan said, then took out some Gu worms from his aperture and showed to Li Xian.

These Gu worms were the loot he seized from the Gu Masters he killed in King Quan Inheritance.

There were rank three and rank four Gu, but they were not suitable for Fang Yuan’s strength path.

Li Xian could not help narrowing his eyes when he saw these Gu.

He was a very shrewd person and immediately realized many things: ‘Who would have expected this little beast king to also have some accomplishments in enslavement path! After entering King Quan Inheritance, he killed two Gu Masters. Such talent is truly demonic!’

Li Xian could not help but think of Mo Wu Tian.

After he came to Southern Border, he had walked on the demonic path for a long time, coming into contact with all sorts of people. He felt that just based on aptitude, talent and temperament, among the younger generation of the demonic path, Mo Wu Tian was at the top.

However, now, he realized the little beast king in front him had a talent that was not inferior to Mo Wu Tian’s!

‘Little beast king and Mo Wu Tian, I wonder what will happen if these two came across each other? It is just that the current little beast king’s cultivation is somewhat weak, Mo Wu Tian is older than him and is already rank four peak stage.’

Li Xian pondered, he spoke excitedly, however: “Sir little beast king, you did the right thing finding me for this transaction. I have a Gu on me which I believe will be important to sir.”

“Oh?” Fang Yuan raised his brows.

Li Xian spread out his palm and a ball suddenly appeared.

This ball looked nice, shining with white gold light. Fang Yuan carefully looked at it and saw that the ball was an ant ball; over a hundred flying ants crawling on each other and sticking together to form a ball.

These flying ants did not look any different from normal ants.

Except, they were several times larger and they had a pair of transparent wings on their back.

“This is rank three gold eating flying ant Gu, altogether, there are one hundred and twenty. Those several old fellows from Tie clan trapped lord white demon by using iron cabinet Gu along with qi flow Gu. Now, the thousand feet around that area has been locked down. However, the iron cabinet Gu will collapse easily against this group of flying ants. Sir little beast king, I have just calculated, the price of your Gu is just good enough to buy this group of flying ants.” Li Xian smiled warmly.

However, beyond his expectation, Fang Yuan only glanced at this gold consuming flying ant Gu once before shifting his gaze: “Who said I am going to buy this thing? This is the list of items, I want all the things written on it.”

Li Xian accepted the list and glanced at it, there were many Gu worms and numerous supplementary materials for refining Gu written on it.

Although there were all kinds of items on the list, with Li Xian’s experience and shrewdness, it was not difficult for him to see these things were all necessary for strength path.

‘Bai Ning Bing has been trapped by Tie clan, how come this little beast king is not in the least bit worried? Strange! It won’t be easy for him to get rid of iron cabinet Gu with just the strength path Gu on him. Does he have some special methods? Or maybe, the items on this list is to refine the nemesis of iron cabinet Gu?’

Li Xian narrowed his eyes, a bright light flashed past the slit of his eyes. He probed: “Sir little beast king, there are all sorts of things on this list, I cannot bring them out in a short while. Moreover, their total price far surpassed the price of these Gu you are selling.”

“No problem, no problem.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, “I want to buy all the items on this list. Give me whatever you have currently. As for the others, I will have to trouble you to pay attention to them. Money is not a problem.”

Fang Yuan had a lot of primeval stones on him, his financial resources were adequate enough.

Li Xian laughed, he could not probe out anything so he only nodded and agreed.

……

Inside a cave, lights flickered.

Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on the ground, his whole attention on ball of paste in front of him.

This paste was multicolored and was floating in the air, rolling and churning continually, and gave out a strange fragrance – the Gu fusion process had reached the critical stage.

Fang Yuan constantly threw in primeval stones.

Primeval stones entered the paste and immediately dissolved into essence liquid, diluting the thick paste.

Fang Yuan continued to throw in primeval stones without care, only after the paste thinned to a certain degree did he stop.

Then, he quickly took out a thunderclap Gu.

Thunderclap Gu was a rank three Gu. The paste swallowed it up and immediately flickered lightning.

In a split second, the fragrance in the air was magnified greatly, the multicolored light dispersed and was replaced with abundant blue light. The lightning produced soft crackling sounds like the combustion of tiny firecrackers.

Fang Yuan’s breathing accelerated and when he smelled a burnt smell in the air, his eyes shone with bright light!

“It is time… all-out effort Gu.”

Boar phantom immediately appeared above him.

Strength qi Gu.

Fang Yuan activated strength qi Gu; the boar phantom adhered to the formless strength qi, immediately become very menacing.

Under Fang Yuan’s will, the boar phantom flew towards the paste.

The instance the two collided, lightning burst out and shone upon the whole cave, dispersing all the darkness and revealing all the details in the room clearly.

After the light dispersed, the boar phantom in mid-air had experienced a huge change.

The new boar phantom was twice the original size, its tusks were like that of an elephant’s and its whole body was covered with white fur. Especially the fur at its back, they were thick and long, lined up in rows, stiffly pointing towards the sky, and lightning curled up on them.

Lightning boar phantom!

“Success, great. Thunder boar is equal to dragon-elephant, Biao and mastiff. With the thunder boar strength, my battle strength has increased again. Next it is the rock crocodile strength…”

A night of cultivation unknowingly passed.

When the light of dawn shone upon San Cha mountain, Fang Yuan walked out of the cave he stayed at.

Although he was exhausted, he was happy inside. He successfully upgraded boar strength and crocodile strength to thunder boar strength and rock crocodile strength; his battle strength was raised by at least thirty percent!

“Bai Ning Bing…” He looked towards the southeast direction; an area on the middle of the mountain was covered with a dark purple qi barrier.

The qi barrier was like a tall tower, sealing the space within and isolating it from the outside world.

The combination of iron cabinet Gu and qi flow Gu caused Bai Ning Bing to become a trapped beast of Tie clan.

Fang Yuan let out a cold snort.

The situation looked simple but it was a tricky matter.

The four old-timers of Tie clan who trapped Bai Ning Bing were all at rank four middle stage. Although Bai Ning Bing was a genius, she was only at rank four initial stage.

If the Tie clan was truly set on capturing Bai Ning Bing, they would have already captured her but they did not.

On one hand, it was to maintain their strength to fight for three kings inheritance.

On another hand, it was because they were held back by the purple thorn token on Bai Ning Bing.

Finally, it was to bait Fang Yuan!

In case Fang Yuan rashly charged in, Ti clan’s four old-timers could combine their strength to activate the rank five search and lock Gu to easily suppress him and Bai Ning Bing.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Tie clan’s four old-timers had used this killer move to capture demonic path’s Kong Ri Tian. But soon after, they were killed by a rank three Gu Master.

Rank five search and lock Gu had an extremely huge demand towards primeval essence. Tie clan’s four old-timers were really tragic figures, they cultivated the killer move for so many years and finally were in the limelight, but the scene did not last long because they lacked primeval essence and were killed by a rank three Gu Master.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 354: Ancient Bronze Skin Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Dark purple qi barrier was like a high tower firmly locking in thousand meters of area.

The qi barrier, however, did not isolate sight. Who knew how many eyes were secretly watching the scene from outside the barrier.

“Bai Ning Bing, just let yourself be captured obediently. It is impossible for you to escape!” Tie clan’s four old-timers occupied east, south, west and north positions separately, locking Bai Ning Bing in the center.

Bai Ning Bing was sitting cross-legged on a boulder, her two hands holding primeval stones as she replenished her primeval essence.

“Bai Ning Bing, don’t hold any delusions. You killed our Tie clansman, and still thinking you will be able to escape? Hmph.” The four old-timers’ gazes were grave and started fixedly at Bai Ning Bing, encircling her with no gaps.

Bai Ning Bing slowly opened her narrowed eyes, her eyes were calm and her tone was indifferent: “Tie clan’s four old-timers, what use is it in speaking so much? If you want to capture and kill me, them bring it on! Even if I, Bai Ning Bing, die at your hands, I will definitely take a few of you down.”

She paused for a while before continuing: “You have been continuously maintaining this qi barrier, it should have consumed a lot of your primeval essence, right? Hehe, I know you four are experts at team battle tactics while I am only at rank four initial stage. But you can bet on it that if you killed me, even if you guys don’t die, you will definitely be heavily injured. And in case my partner appears, what will become of you then?”

“You…” The four old-timers of Tie clan were exasperated.

Bai Ning Bing might have borrowed Fang Yuan’s name, but it struck their weak spot.

“Bai Ning Bing, stop being stubborn. Here, let me see what you can do.” One of the old-timers stood up.

“Hehehe.” Bai Ning Bing softly smiled and slowly stood up to take the challenge. Silver hair and snow white clothes, with a grace that stood out from the crowd, even if she was trapped, she was still calm, a confident bearing that showed she had no worries about this life and death situation.

The two began their fight; sand and pebbles started flying inside the qi barrier, snow light spread everywhere and the clash of steel resounded…

Far away on a short mountain peak stood a group of Shang clan Gu Masters.

“Another round of battle has begun again. This Bai Ning Bing is worthy of her fame in the battle stage. She is able to resist the four rank four middle stage Gu Masters attacking her in turns, she is not simple!” One of them sighed.

“Bai Ning Bing has outstanding battle sense, she is indeed strong. But another reason is because the four old-timers from Tie clan do not dare to use all their strength.” Someone analyzed.

“That’s right. The old-timers are worried and afraid of the counterattack from Bai Ning Bing when she is near death. They are good at team battle tactics, and their individual strength aren’t as fearsome as the Gu Masters at the same level. If they become short of a member, their whole strength will fall sharply and it will be difficult for them to contend for the three kings inheritance.”

“What I am worried about now is Bai Ning Bing has purple thorn token. If she takes it out, do we make a move?”

“Don’t do anything for now. I have already sent the message, and the clan has already sent a strong reinforcement. Elder Yi Huo is rushing here!”

Hearing this information, Shang clan’s Gu Masters rouse their spirits.

Yi Huo was not an ordinary Gu Master, he was one of the five great elders of Shang clan with a cultivation of rank four peak stage! He was one of the experts under Shang Yan Fei, now that he was dispatched, it was sure to change the situation of the entire San Cha mountain.

 …

“To think the things turned out this way. If Bai Ning Bing is killed by Tie clan, our deal with Shang clan will fall through.” In an underbrush, Meng Tu observed the battle inside the qi barrier with glowing eyes and said with a worried tone.

He was at the prime of his life and was at rank three peak stage, the same as his partner Jiao Huang.

These two were famous assassins in demonic path, some time back even the rank four middle stage righteous path Xiao Fu Lu died at their hands.

They accepted a mission from Shang clan; if they could kill Fang and Bai, they would be allowed to join Shang clan.

They had already made their move on Huo Tan mountain, but the lava crocodile group they attracted did not pose any problems to Fang and Bai.

The two did not give up and continued to follow Fang and Bai to San Cha mountain, waiting for an opportunity ever since.

“Sigh… what can we do? We are good at assassinations and not at frontal attacks. If we move in front of everyone, our success rate will be too low. If Bai Ning Bing dies, we also can’t do anything about it; we can only leave it up to fate!” The old man Jiao Huang said with a sigh.

“Yes, who knows how many are watching from the darkness. Who is to say we haven’t been discovered while coming here.” Meng Tu powerlessly added.

They were assassin Gu Masters and paid particular attention to concealment; it was okay if they did not make a move, but once they made, it must be a fatal strike. Before making their move, they made went through meticulous planning and made large numbers of preparation before bursting out all at once.

If the success rate was too low, they would not make a move and would rather give up the deal.

This was also the reason they were able to survive while roaming in demonic path for such a long time.

Every well-known Gu Master had their own unique ways for survival.

 …

“Hehehe… these four old-timers of Tie clan are in such an awkward state.” Li Xian stood in front of the qi barrier and looked at the battle inside; his eyes narrowed and were filled with joy towards others’ misfortune.

Although this place had already become a focus of many gazes at San Cha mountain, Li Xian did not care.

He was very confident that he would absolutely not be exposed by others.

This confidence came from his rank five Gu – Invisibility Gu!

Gu worms at rank five were rare. Many rank five Gu Masters would only have one or two rank five Gu on them for many years.

Invisibility Gu could only be detected by specific rank five investigative Gu. However, it had not been long since three kings inheritance opened and there has yet to be anyone who had broken through the middle rounds, so it was not likely to attract rank five Gu Masters to make a move.

Li Xian had his own fortuitous encounters to possess the scarce rank five Gu when he was rank four.

“This iron cabinet Gu recipe was created by Tie clan’s refinement path master Tie Yi Ban. His original intention was to refine a type of firm and secure storage Gu. After he refined this Gu for the first time, he gave it to Tie Xue Leng to test out. The Divine Investigator used it to capture people and it was very durable. When supplemented with qi flow Gu, its effect was amplified. From then on, iron cabinet Gu had become an efficient mean for Tie clan to capture demonic Gu Masters.”

“Hehe… but now, these Tie clan’s old-timers have to maintain both Tie cabinet Gu and qi flow Gu, unable to execute their team attacks. If the four attack together, this purple qi barrier will disappear. Without any obstruction, Bai Ning Bing can run free and they will lose a lot of reputation. Hahaha, interesting, interesting. These old-timers have no way out.”

Li Xian looked at the show, the corner of his lips could not help but curl up.

But when he thought of someone, the smile on his face slowly disappeared.

“Little beast king, he actually didn’t come to rescue! Did he realize the truth behind this tricky situation or is he truly so cold blooded and decided to abandoned Bai Ning Bing? No matter which it is, it all proves how scary this person is… I should hand that Gu over to him.”

 …

A Gu was handed over to Fang Yuan.

Its appearance was like that of a bedbug, flat and wide, its head was quite small and its body looked oval shaped. Its whole body was yellow-orange, and gave off a metallic luster like a bronze.

People called it ‘ancient bronze skin Gu’.

Bronze skin Gu was a series Gu from rank one to rank three. But if it were to advance to rank four, it would be ancient bronze skin Gu whose defensive power was much stronger than rank three bronze skin Gu.

“Li Xian, you are worthy of being a famous merchant of the demonic path. You could get me ancient bronze skin Gu this quick, it was really a correct decision to make the transaction with you. I don’t have tea here, please have some wine.”

Fang Yuan’s tone was polite and his face appeared gentle as he welcomed Li Xian and poured him a cup of wine.

“No, no, it was nothing. It is my honor to be able to do business with lord little beast king.” Li Xian appeared very modest, lowering his status.

The two discussed for a while. The atmosphere was very harmonious.

If someone who did not know about them saw this, they would think these two were good-natured and elegant. How would they think these two were two-faced, ruthless demonic path Gu Masters?

“Li Xian, you don’t need to be so polite, you can simply call me Fang Zheng. Let me first give you fifty thousand primeval stones, consider it a deposit for our future transactions.” Fang Yuan brought out primeval elder Gu and waved his hand, bringing out fifty thousand primeval stones.

Primeval elder Gu appeared like a crystal ball, there were a lot of primeval stones stored in it, the old man in the clouds in the ball appeared to look very kind.

Li Xian looked at the wide smile on the old man’s face, he could not help evaluating Fang Yuan much more highly.

“I will have to trouble you to help me with something.” Fang Yuan suddenly spoke.

Li Xian’s gaze flashed and immediately said: “Please speak.”

Fang Yuan brought Li Xian towards the depths of the cave and pointed to a stone vat: “I have a stone vat here but I lack a fire type Gu. I will have to ask you to help me melt these bronze pieces and put them in the stone vat.”

Li Xian let out a sigh of relief and smiled: “I just so happen to have a fire type Gu. It will only require a slight effort.”

The temperature inside the cave rapidly soared.

After a while, Li Xian melted the bronze pieces into metallic liquid, the stone vat was filled almost to the brink.

Fang Yuan took out coal stones and piled them under stone vat to maintain the temperature.

Then, under Li Xian’s astonished gaze, he softly jumped right into the vat.

The boiling bronze liquid sizzled and immediately burned Fang Yuan’s clothes. His whole body was soaked in the bronze liquid and only his head was revealed outside.

“Little… Lord little beast king, what are you doing?!” Right now, Li Xian could smell the odor of burning flesh.

Fang Yuan activated the ancient bronze skin Gu in his aperture while smiling with gritted teeth: “Li Xian, don’t you know? There is a method to use this ancient bronze skin Gu and accelerate the speed by thirty percent, that is to use it with bronze liquid.”

When ancient bronze skin Gu was activated, it could remodel the skin and flesh of the Gu Master into ancient bronze skin. If it was used with the body soaking in bronze liquid, it could shorten the time required. Li Xian had also heard of it, but he had never thought of this.

When Fang Yuan was preparing these things, he had thought these were supplementary materials for refining Gu.

Because this method was extremely painful and cruel.

Gu Master must come in touch with scalding, boiling bronze liquid without using any defensive means. Only a perverted masochist would choose this method.

Is little beast king a masochist?

Li Xian kept on thinking of this question as he returned to his cave with a dazed expression.

At this time, there was another person who was also thinking of Fang Yuan.

“Fang Yuan, why have you not appeared yet?” Bai Ning Bing sat cross-legged on the ground, her eyes half-narrowed as she faintly felt the situation was far from reassuring.

“We have used poison vow Gu, he absolutely cannot leave me in the lurch. But he still hasn’t appeared now, could he still be inside the inheritance or maybe met with some trouble?”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 355: Yi Huo’s invitation 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

A Gu worm floated above Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan’s primeval sea slowly fell as he activated this Gu.

This Gu was like a black bone, its two ends were round and smooth, with a thin body. It was emitting black rays of light while floating in the air.

The black light shone upon Fang Yuan’s body, passed through his skin and flesh, and brought changes in his skeleton.

Fang Yuan had already used iron bone Gu, his skeleton was pitch black and was firm like iron. But under the effect of this Gu, his skeleton slowly became more firm.

This was essence iron bone Gu, a rank four Gu; one could get iron bone Gu by reverse-refining it.

Three days after handing over the ancient bronze skin Gu, Li Xian personally came to deliver this Gu to Fang Yuan.

Essence iron bone Gu could make Fang Yuan’s skeleton even more firm and the effect was many times stronger than iron bone Gu. But at the same time, the process needed much more time.

Fang Yuan had been using essence iron bone continually these days along with ancient bronze skin Gu to temper his body.

In this period, he was also using nine eyes liquor worm to purify his primeval essence, refining his initial stage light gold primeval essence into bright gold primeval essence. Then he used bright gold primeval essence to cleanse his aperture and strengthen its foundation.

He made use of every minute and second, cultivating bitterly, and he could feel his strength increasing little by little every day.

“It has already been over a month since I left King Quan Inheritance. I am almost finished with using ancient bronze skin Gu, but there is still quite a distance before I completely master essence iron bone Gu. Unless I use universe path Gu to accelerate the flow of time.” Fang Yuan pondered.

The so called universe path was related to time.

The Gu Masters of this path used time related Gu worms.

Third watch Gu and Spring Autumn Cicada belonged to this category.

In fact, there were far more universe path Gu than just these two. It had a full range of Gu from rank one to rank five.

Normal Gu Masters, if they did not have the patience to do this type of grinding work and wanted to speed their progress, they could ask universe path Gu Masters to help or use a universe path Gu themself to accelerate their time.

“But my situation is different from ordinary Gu Masters. I have Spring Autumn Cicada, if I accelerate my time, Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery speed will also increase and will be my death warrant!”

The time flow in Gu Immortal blessed land in San Cha mountain was three times faster than the outside world. The time Fang Yuan spent in King Quan Inheritance had already caused Spring Autumn Cicada to make some recovery, thus Fang Yuan could only patiently choose the method of bitter cultivation.

Just as he was cultivating, there came an unfamiliar voice from outside the cave.

“Little beast king, could you come out to have a chat?”

Fang Yuan walked out of the cave and saw the person clearly, he looked slightly doubtful: “So it was Elder Yi Huo.”

Yi Huo was very handsome; sharp eyes, high bridged nose, and long red hair like it was on fire.

He was a fire path Gu Master who was very famous in Southern Border. People called him ‘blazing inferno’, his cultivation was rank four peak stage!

‘Yi Huo is one of the five great elders of Shang clan, an expert under Shang Yan Fei and was ranked above light swordsman Wei Yang. The only one that could command him was Shang Yan Fei, his arrival was surely going to change the power balance of San Cha mountain.’ Fang Yuan quickly thought about it and welcomed Yi Huo inside his cave.

“Little beast king, my purpose in coming here is simple, it is to invite you to join our Shang clan.” Yi Huo entered the cave, but he did not sit and directly expressed his purpose in coming.

“Join your Shang clan?” Fang Yuan raised his brows, he could fully sense the swift and decisive nature of ‘blazing inferno’.

“Right.” Yi Huo nodded, his eyes looking straight at Fang Yuan as he smiled, “You and Bai Ning Bing have stayed for some time at Shang clan, you guys surely have deep understanding of our Shang clan’s strength, so I won’t say much on it. The main thing is your partner Bai Ning Bing has been trapped by the four old-timers of Tie clan for around two months now. As long as you two join Shang clan, I will immediately set out and rescue Bai Ning Bing.”

His tone was filled with confidence as if rescuing Bai Ning Bing was an easy matter.

When he spoke, he was slightly smiling; his handsome face was like a perfect statue and when he revealed his teeth, it was dazzling like the sun. Many people would feel ashamed when interacting with him.

Yi Huo and Wei Yang had a similar background, they both ruled Shang clan battle stage and were absolute geniuses.

Among the five great elders of Shang clan, Yi Huo was the most popular and was also publicly recognized as the elder with the highest chance of advancing to rank five!

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a contemplative light.

He was not surprised at Shang clan sending Yi Huo here. Shang clan had been in control of San Cha mountain for a period of time before, but was later suppressed by Wu clan. And with the appearance of demonic path experts, Shang clan groups found it even more difficult to hold their heads up.

Under this situation, Shang clan as a top clan, would naturally send an expert to change the situation.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life memories, Yi Huo was dispatched here by Shang clan. He suppressed Wu Shen Tong and Yi Chong, and defeated Kong Ri Tian and Long Qing Tian, being the ruler of San Cha mountain for a time.

But later, his dominance drove Long Qing Tian anxious. Long Qing Tian used blue halo Gu and poisoned him. He had no choice but to return to Shang clan city to be treated by Doctor Su Shou.

However, this time, Yi Huo came to San Cha mountain to recruit him. This was beyond Fang Yuan’s expectation.

“Lord Yi Huo, I wonder if this invitation came from Shang clan or it is your own thought?” Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed, and asked.

“Hahaha, of course it is my own thought. Fang Zheng, you created a lot of commotion at Shang clan battle stage, and almost became the ruler of battle stage. I have been watching you, you are a genius! If you join Shang clan, it will be greatly beneficial to you.” Yi Huo laughed loudly and replied.

Fang Yuan smiled as the trace of doubt he had melted away.

“Sir Yi Huo, from what I know, Shang clan’s external elders don’t have the authority to recommend talents, right?”

External elder, this title made Yi Huo slightly furrow his brows: “You are right. But if you can become the ruler of the battle stage, you can become an external elder of Shang clan. With your talent, I believe the title of the ruler of battle stage is just a matter of time for you.”

Fang Yuan could not help but scoff, and did not reply.

Yi Huo’s brows furrowed deeper, this scoff sounded ear-piercing to him.

He patiently said: “Fang Zheng, I will tell you the truth. Before I came here, lord clan leader made a promise to me. As long as I accomplish great accomplishments at San Cha mountain and take control of the situation, I will be bestowed a surname when I return to Shang clan city. At that time, I will no longer be Yi Huo, but Shang Huo. I will become a true elder of Shang clan and I will have the authority to recommend talents.”

“Eh? So it was like that…” Fang Yuan clearly revealed a surprised expression, his gaze flickered and he sank into contemplation.

Yi Huo waited for a long time but after getting no response from Fang Yuan, his brows furrowed even deeper and he took the initiative to ask: “Have you thought it through?”

Fang Yuan shook his head: “This matter is too significant, I need to consider it properly.”

Yi Huo’s brows relaxed a little: “Since that is so, then I will give you three days. I will come here again after three days, I hope to get a satisfactory reply then.”

“Alright.” Fang Yuan nodded in agreement and accompanied Yi Huo out of the cave.

Three days later.

“You still haven’t thought it through?” Yi Huo looked at Fang Yuan with some doubts.

“This is a serious matter, I really need to properly consider it.” Fang Yuan answered with a heavy voice.

“Alright, I will give you three more days. Fang Zheng, I think highly of you.”

Another three days later.

“Lord Yi Huo, I have thought over this matter over and again. I appreciate your good intent but I still prefer the freedom of the demonic path.” Fang Yuan sincerely replied.

“What? You thought for three days and this is your answer?” Yi Huo’s tone showed his fury.

“Lord Yi Huo, you can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make it drink.” Fang Yuan’s gaze was profound and there was severity within his soft words.

Yi Huo gritted his teeth and said with a deep voice: “Fang Zheng, you need to think it clearly. The four old-timers of Tie clan are not easy opponents. If I don’t help out, everything bodes ill for Bai Ning Bing. Besides this, Sky Tiger Xue San Si whom you killed is Century Boy’s goddaughter. Century Boy has been watching you all this while, he is a wood path Gu Master at rank four upper stage and is a thorny character of demonic path.”

“Eh? So it was like that.” Fang Yuan showed hesitation, “Then… let me consider it again. Give me ten days of time to think it through.”

“Ten days?” Yi Huo immediately wrinkled his brows.

“Fine.” He thought for a while and nodded, “This is enough time for you to think everything through clearly. I believe you will make the most sensible choice. But I have to remind you that time cannot be dragged on further, your woman is in crisis. Anything can happen during this time.”

Yi Huo considered Bai Ning Bing as Fang Yuan’s woman which Fang Yuan felt was quite laughable.

Whether Bai Ning Bing died or not, it was not an especially important matter to him.

Anyway, the poison vow Gu was already destroyed and he had also matured, reaching rank four initial stage.

Saving Bai Ning Bing or not, it depended on his will.

But if there was no Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan would become a lone force and it would definitely create a negative influence on his plans at San Cha mountain.

“There is no need to go save Bai Ning Bing urgently, I should still focus on cultivating and advance forward. I have already no need for the bone flesh unity Gu. As for Bai Ning Bing, she can be outside for a while and attract the attention for me. I should take this chance to surpass her, it will be convenient for me to suppress her in future. And with so many eyes watching the situation, those four old foxes of Tie clan absolutely won’t move in for the kill.”

Fang Yuan saw the whole situation clearly.

“As for Yi Huo’s invitation… hehe.”

Ten days later.

“Lord Yi Huo, thank you for your good intention. These days, I have pondered restlessly and from every angle, but I still feel that being free is the best.” Fang Yuan wore an earnest expression as he said this.

Yi Huo’s expression naturally became unsightly: “Fang Zheng, you have been doing this over and over again, are you playing with me?”

“Lord Yi Huo, your words are not right. I have always been sincere with you. I understand your mood. But right now, the most important thing is three kings inheritance. There is already not much time left before the next opening of the inheritance.”

With the mention of the opening of three kings inheritance, Yi Huo could only suppress the anger in his heart. He took a deep look at Fang Yuan and left the cave.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 356: The hairy men 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Five days later.

The three light pillars appeared on San Cha mountain, piercing through the clouds towards the sky.

The red light pillar was burning like fire; it was King Bao’s inheritance. Yellow light pillar was bright and dazzling; it was King Quan’s inheritance. Blue light pillar had a demonic charm; it was King Xin’s inheritance.

After a gap of several months, three kings inheritance opened again.

Yi Huo gazed at these three light pillars at the peak, his fierce eyes under his dashing brows flickered with faint radiance.

“Is this three kings inheritance? Sure enough, it gives off a magnificent feeling!” As long as I accomplish great achievements here, I can truly join Shang clan and change my surname to Shang, becoming a member of Shang clan.”

Right now, excitement was surging like waves in his heart.

“Hmph, little beast king doesn’t know what’s good for him, actually refusing me again and again. But, he apparently knows some secrets related to three kings inheritance. If I can take him in as my subordinate, it will be a great help to me in controlling San Cha mountain.”

Yi Huo could not help but think of Fang Yuan.

Yi Huo was one of the five great elders of Shang clan and possessed his own information channel. He already knew Fang Yuan had made a huge sum of money at Shang clan city by relying on his knowledge of some secrets of three kings inheritance.

Besides this, Fang Yuan, himself, possessed outstanding battle prowess, having the fighting strength of a rank four middle stage.

Moreover, Bai Ning Bing never left the little beast king’s side. Recruiting one naturally meant gaining the other.

Thus, Yi Huo had accommodated to Fang Yuan and displayed complete sincerity to move him.

But Fang Yuan did not know what was good for him and refused him time and again.

Yi Huo could not help starting to feel angry: “When I come out of three kings inheritance, I will teach this little beast king a lesson and let him know that not everyone can fetch a good price! But, for now… I need to suppress some hindrances.”

Yi Huo collected his disorganized thoughts and looked towards the few figures at a distance.

‘Pink butterfly gentleman’ Kong Ri Tian!

‘He who once dyed the sky blue’ Long Qing Tian!

Wu clan elder Wu Shen Tong!

Yi clan elder Yi Chong!

These four were all rank four peak stage experts. Every time the inheritance opened, they would be the first to move towards the entrance.

This time was no exception!

“Hahaha, I have reserved King Bao Inheritance. Who dares to contend with me?” Yi Huo threw his head back and laughed loudly, his laughter wild and unrestrained. He crossed his arms and looked at the four with a fierce gaze.

He was fire path Gu Master, King Bao was also of the same path. King Bao’s inheritance was naturally the best choice for him.

“Blazing Inferno…” Wu Shen Tong narrowed his eyes and mumbled with some fear towards Yi Huo’s reputation.

Yi Huo was one of the five great generals of Shang clan with the nickname of Blazing Inferno, he was at the peak of power! Even Wu Shen Tong had no choice but to admit that Yi Huo was a notch above him.

“Hmph, I will deal with you!” Kong Ri Tian snorted, his whole body suddenly exploded and turned into phoenix winged golden butterflies.

Hundreds and thousands of golden butterflies, with wings as sharp as knives, enveloped Yi Huo.

“Blazing inferno, you have been in the limelight the last few years.” Long Qing Tian also laughed gloomily and pushed his palm.

Whoosh!

A greenish-blue palm of light, with poison gas curling around it, broke the void and directly smacked towards Yi Huo’s face.

“Let me spar too.” Yi Chong sneered and suddenly moved.

Swish!

Blue water waves surged up out of nowhere, engulfing Yi Huo within.

All of a sudden, three rank four peak stage Gu Masters attacked Yi Huo at the same time.

“Good.” Yi Huo’s lips curled up into an arrogant smile, he stretched his arms then smacked his chest with his palms.

Bam!

Majestic flames suddenly burst forth.

In an instant, the fiery color overwhelmed the light pillars of three kings inheritance and illuminated San Cha mountain.

Flames surged up with incomparable heat and ferocity.

The flames effortlessly covered the water wave, burned the poison palm and sent the phoenix winged golden butterflies retreating in a sorry figure. The golden butterflies flew far away and converged, changing back into Kong Ri Tian.

“This is his rank five Gu prairie fire?” Seeing such a huge fire, Yi Chong and Long Qing Tian’s expressions changed.

Kong Ri Tian did not say a word, while Wu Shen Tong’s eyes flashed.

“This is the might of Elder Yi Huo!” Shang clan Gu Masters shouted out loudly in excitement.

Yi Huo stood proudly within the flames, giving a feeling of a deity. His fiery red hair seemed to merge with the flames, giving off a wild and intense bearing.

The flames swiftly dispersed and he walked towards the red light pillar, King Bao Inheritance.

The four Gu Masters watched him move towards the light pillar, all of their expressions were more or less stiff and unsightly, but they did not block him. This was them acknowledging Yi Huo’s might.

After Yi Huo entered King Bao Inheritance, Kong Ri Tian and other three glanced at each other, but they had no more interest to fight.

Among them, Kong Ri Tian and Long Qing Tian entered King Xin Inheritance; Wu Shen Tong and Yi Chong entered King Quan Inheritance.

“Yi Huo is worthy of being one of the five great experts of Shang clan, he has rank five Gu prairie fire, formidable indeed!”

“These days, Yi Huo has been repeatedly going to little beast king’s place, their relation is not shallow.”

“Hmph! Black and white twin demons are known as demonic path Gu Masters, but they are actually lackeys of righteous path. They spent some time at Shang clan and everyone knows they have a deep relation with Shang clan’s young master Shang Xin Ci.”

A group of rank four upper stage Gu Masters started discussing after they saw Yi Huo suppressing other four Gu Masters and enter the light pillar with his head high.

Birds of a feather flock together.

Rank four peak stage experts had all entered the inheritance, now it was these people’s turn.

“Century Boy, your goddaughter Xue San Si was killed by little beast king. When are you going to take revenge?” A righteous Gu Master among the group suddenly asked while taking gloating at his misfortune.

Century Boy coldly snorted: “Although Yi Huo has rank five Gu, the battle just before was only a probe, no one used their true methods. If they were to truly fight it out, who lives and who dies is still not certain.”

Although he said so, he was actually very afraid.

He had thought of taking the chance that Bai Ning Bing was imprisoned, to find trouble for Fang Yuan. But Yi Huo repeatedly visited Fang Yuan’s residence, so he could only restrain his impulse and quietly observe.

Now, when he saw Yi Huo easily suppressing other four, Century Boy’s heart became much more heavy.

“Such a great opportunity like three kings inheritance is in front of us, who will foolishly battle each other to death? Let’s go, we need to enter too.” Soon, this group of rank four upper stage Gu Masters also entered the inheritance.

Fang Yuan climbed up to the peak and was immediately recognized.

“Little beast king!”

“It is Fang Zheng.”

“He is entering King Xin Inheritance.”

From the peak to the middle of mountain, many Gu Masters stared as they looked at Fang Yuan entering into the light pillar.

“He really forgot about his partner?”

“Bnb is still trapped by the four old fellows of Tie clan. This Fang Zheng is actually paying it no heed as if nothing has happened, like he hasn’t heard of it.” Even demonic Gu Masters felt a chill in their hearts.

“Look, this is the heartlessness of demonic path Gu Masters!” Some righteous path Gu Masters commented disdainfully.

“Fang Yuan… you bastard!” Bai Ning Bing also witnessed this scene from inside the qi barrier.

Her face became pale with anger, she clenched her fists tightly and fiercely gritted her teeth.

The four old-timers of Tie clan looked at each other.

They were in an embarrassing situation right now.

Although they succeeded in trapping Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan did not come to rescue her. This made their defensive tactics a cold irony.

“Damn it! We can’t deal with so many matters, this time, there will be no share for us at three kings inheritance!”

“How about we retreat?”

“Impossible! We four move together, if we retreat without gaining anything, this will be an insult to our Tie clan and I am afraid we will not be able to raise our heads in front of others.”

“Then what should we do?”

Three pairs of eyes looked at the fourth old man, their leader.

The old man pondered for a while and made a decision.

He spoke with a heavy voice: “Request for reinforcements! Shang clan has sent reinforcement, there will naturally be support from our Tie clan too. In the present situation, the competition has turned more intense. Only rank four peak stage powers can fight for a seat. As long as the clan sends a rank four peak stage reinforcement, then with our rank four middle stage strength….”

“Big brother is right.”

“Shang clan has sent Yi Huo, if we ask for reinforcement now, we won’t lose face.”

“Right, we need to ask support from the clan!

…..

There was endless grey fog completely filling Fang Yuan’s vision and reminding him that he had already entered King Xin Inheritance.

Fang Yuan surveyed his surroundings, he could not tell east from west. However, in his aperture, Spring Autumn Cicada shook its wings slightly. The flow of time here was still three times faster than the outside world.

“I need to hurry.” Fang Yuan felt a sense of urgency.

The constantly recovering Spring Autumn Cicada was becoming more and more like a ticking time bomb.

He grabbed a paper crane Gu and activated it.

A ‘key’ was required to enter King Xin Inheritance and it was a paper crane Gu. At this very moment, Fang Yuan could only use paper crane Gu, his other Gu besides Spring Autumn Cicada, were all suppressed by the heavenly power.

Paper crane Gu floated in the air in front of him; it flapped its wings and led the way ahead.

Fang Yuan followed the paper crane and slowly moved forward.

He reached a hill and could see a blurry human figure in the fog.

“Human… come out… compete… let’s compete.” The human figure opened its mouth, the sound was boorish and sporadic.

When Fang Yuan walked closer, the human figure gradually became clearer.

His figure was similar to ordinary humans, two hands and two legs. It was just that he was very buff, and reddish brown hair grew from all over his body; chest, limbs, even on his face and buttocks.

He looked at Fang Yuan with his bronze bell-like large eyes.

“Compete… let’s compete. Lose… die!” He roared, his eyes were filled with blood veins and looked very malevolent.

Fang Yuan had already expected this and was not surprised, his expression calm.

This was a mutated human.

Beasts had mutated beasts, just like Biao among the tigers, lycan among wolves and mastiff among dogs. Humans also had mutated humans, the mutated human Fang Yuan ran into now was a hairy man.

Hairy man’s whole body were covered with hair, even their eyelids. This type of mutated human has extremely low intelligence but had natural talent in Gu refinement.

There was a group of hairy man in King Xin Inheritance, they were the obstacles Gu Masters had to clear to go forward. Only by winning against them could the Gu Masters continue on. If they lost, the Gu Masters would be torn to shreds by the powerful hairy men and become their food.

“Come.” Fang Yuan stood at a distance of ten steps from the hairy man with a tranquil expression.

Several Gu along with some materials appeared out of nowhere in the air and floated lightly to Fang Yuan’s hands.

At the same time, the hairy man also received the same things.

The Gu refinement had begun.

Winner lives, loser dies!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 357: Legend of the Hairy Men 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The earliest record of hairy men was in >.

It was said that Ren Zu dug out his two eyes which turned into a son and a daughter; the son was Verdant Great Sun and the daughter was Desolate Ancient Moon.

Verdant Great Sun liked to drink wine a lot, one time he caused an incident while being drunk and was trapped at the depths of the ordinary abyss. In the end, he profited from the disaster and obtained reputation Gu which looked like chrysanthemum, and was able to escape alive.

Because of reputation Gu, Verdant Great Sun’s reputation gradually became bigger. Soon, news that Verdant Great Sun was a huge drunkard spread all over the world.

One day, a group of tiger-striped honey bees brought their beehive and found Verdant Great Sun.

“Verdant Great Sun, we heard you really liked drinking wine and you have been saying the wine made by the four heaven and earth monkeys are the most delicious in the world. But how could the wine they brewed compare to our honey wine? Today, we have specially brought our honey for you to have a taste.”

Each of these honey bees was the size of a leopard with patterns on their body resembling tiger stripes; golden with black stripes on top. They were speaking politely but their tone contained a threatening and forceful intent.

Verdant Great Sun complained in his heart, this was truly misfortune befalling on someone who merely stayed home . Tiger-striped honey bees were very powerful, he was not a match against one of them, let alone a whole group.

Verdant Great Sun could only reluctantly taste the honey wine inside the beehive.

He had only taken a sip when his eyes brightened.

Honey wine was sweet but not overly sweet, the wine fragrance was mellow and very delicious, absolutely a treasure of the world!

“Delicious, delicious, really delicious. This honey wine makes one feel like the most fortunate person in the world!” Verdant Great Sun drank a mouthful of wine, praising it to the high heavens.

Tiger-striped honey bees laughed, feeling very happy.

The leader asked Verdant Great Sun: “The tell us which tastes more delicious, our honey wine or the wines of the four heaven and earth monkeys?”

Verdant Great Sun was already drunk and forgot about the terror of the tiger-striped honey bees, speaking frankly: “They all have their own merits, it is very difficult to compare them.”

Tiger-striped honey bees were furious: He said our wine is actually at the same level as those mere monkeys? This Verdant Great Sun is too hateful, we need to teach him a lesson!

They were just about to attack when suddenly Verdant Great Sun disappeared.

This intoxication of Verdant Great Sun lasted for seven days and seven nights.

In his haziness, he heard a voice call calling out for him from the darkness: “Verdant Great Sun, wake up quick. If you don’t wake up, you will be eaten…”

Verdant Great Sun was startled awake.

He discovered he was bound up and was being carried by a group of savage people.

This group of savage people had hair all over their body and their two eyes were dark blue. There was already a bonfire burning and above the bonfire was a cauldron.

The savage people quietly sat down, speaking pleasant sounding words.

“We are refining eternal Gu and were just lacking a human to be the catalyst. Now heaven has sent us Verdant Great Sun, it is truly worthy of celebration!”

“Human is the spirit of all living beings, Ren Zu is the spirit ancestor. Verdant Great Sun was born from his left eye and has ample spiritual energy. The way I see it, the refinement will succeed this time!”

“Throw him into the cauldron quick, we will obtain eternal Gu and live for eternity…”

Verdant Great Sun turned pale from fright at these words; immediately shouting out and struggling with all his strength.

However, these savage people remained unmoved.

At this very moment, Verdant Great Sun again heard the voice from before in his mind.

“Sigh, it is no use. These savages are the hairy men, loved by the world. They have an innate talent in refining Gu worms.”

Verdant Great Sun instantly forgot his predicament and curiously asked in his mind: “Who are you?”

That voice laughed: “I am divine travel Gu, as long as any person drinks four different top-tier wines in the world, they will give birth to me in their hearts. I can let you teleport to any place you wish.”

Verdant Great Sun was exulted: “Then, please quickly bring me out of here.”

Divine travel Gu sighed: “It is no use. You can only use me when you are drunk. Your mind is sober now and so you can’t use me.”

Verdant Great Sun suddenly realized: “So that is why I was trapped in the isolated island and almost starved to death that time. Fortunately, I obtained reputation Gu and could leave the ordinary abyss. So it was you who harmed me!”

Divine travel Gu replied: “Sigh, human, I did not have any intent to harm you, it was all because you used my strength after you became drunk. You don’t need to blame me, last time you were almost captured by the tiger-striped honey bees, but you were able to escape thanks to me. One harm and one rescue, we can call it even.”

Verdant Great Sun also thought of the tiger-striped honey bees and no longer blamed divine travel Gu.

He was thrown into the cauldron by the hairy men.

The huge fire was burning hotter under the cauldron and the liquid temperature inside also soared.

“Add agates and red pepper!” A hairy man threw precious agates and red pepper into the cauldron.

The liquid inside the cauldron immediately changed to red and dyed Verdant Great Sun’s body red.

“Add blue smoke fox child !” A hairy man grabbed a small fox and threw it into the cauldron.

The small fox’s whole body was hairy and looked extremely cute with its eyes like black diamonds. But the moment it touched the liquid, it turned into blue smoke and blended into the water.

The liquid in the cauldron slowly boiled and Verdant Great Sun also felt more despair, feeling it would be difficult to escape the disaster this time.

Hairy men continued to add in many supplementary materials and Gu worms.

“Add vanity Gu!” A hairy man threw a Gu into the cauldron.

This Gu was strange and looked like a huge blue crab. But different from real crabs, its crab shell was hollow.

The moment it saw Verdant Great Sun, the huge crab like vanity Gu was very excited: “You, you are Verdant Great Sun? I have heard about you, but had never expected I would meet you here, it is really my good fortune. I am too happy, too excited.”

Verdant Great Sun gave a bitter smile: “How can it be good fortune when we are about to die.”

“I don’t care about death. I only wanted to ask, how did you become so famous? I really admire you! I have the utmost admiration for people like you.” Vanity Gu asked with urgency.

“I am not in the mood to talk about this now, I need to escape.” Verdant Great Sun struggled in the cauldron and tried to climb up, but was quickly pressed down into the cauldron by a watching hairy man.

“Quick, tell me, tell me quick!” Vanity Gu was not tactful and wholeheartedly wanted to ask for guidance.

Verdant Great Sun furiously rebuked: “Can’t you see the situation we are in now?”

Vanity Gu opened its eyes wide and started at Verdant Great Sun before it beamed with pleasure: “I understand, I understand now. If I want to be popular, I need to endure the heat. Thank you for the guidance, thank you. Verdant Great Sun, as thanks, I will do a favor for you.”

Saying so, the vanity Gu exploded.

This explosion was not intense and was very light, only giving off a soft ‘bang’ sound. The vanity Gu turned into a formless poisonous wind and attacked the hearts of all the hairy men.

The crystal clear dark blue eyes of the hairy men turned red.

Verdant Great Sun was dazed for a good while, before coming back to his senses. He could not help sighing at vanity Gu’s sacrifice, and immediately shouted: “Although you hairy men can refine Gu, but it is nothing. Even if you all live for eternity, so what? You are so ugly with hair all over your body, you are simply an abomination.”

The hairy men were stupefied.

If it was before, they would not care about Verdant Great Sun.

But now, the poison of vanity had spread in the depths of their hearts, shrouding their intelligence.

Hearing Verdant Great Sun’s shouts, the hairy men started refuting loudly: “Nonsense, nonsense! We hairy men are the most perfect, there can be nothing more beautiful than hair all over the body!”

Verdant Great Sun was suddenly hit by an inspiration: “No matter how beautiful your hair is, could it be as beautiful as my hair?”

Because he had drank vajra monkey’s strong wine, his hair had become blazing fire.

The hairy men were baffled at his words.

The beautiful fire was flickering and changing all the time. Even they could not help but admit the movement of Verdant Great Sun’s hair was beautiful.

Verdant Great Sun continued to stimulate them: “Even if you obtain eternity, you won’t be as beautiful as me! Look at my hair, it is as colorful and charismatic as fire.”

The hairy men were spurred on by Verdant Great Sun, and finally someone could not endure it: “You have such amazing hair, I will have it too. Look at mine!”

He then used a fire torch to ignite his whole body.

The hair on his body burned and he became a fiery man.

“Hahaha, you only have beautiful hair, but my whole body is beautiful now.” This hairy man shouted.

Soon, the other hairy men also rushed to do the same.

All of them became fiery men, the fire burned them and the intense pain caused them to howl in pain.

But when they realized this, it was too late for them to extinguish the fire, and bombastically displayed their beauty.

Divine travel Gu was overjoyed and praised Verdant Great Sun endlessly: “Human, you are really clever, actually thinking of this method.”

Verdant Great Sun escaped out of the cauldron and succeeded in surviving. He replied in his mind with a cold smile: “It is not me who is clever. It is the vanity in people that have turned them stupid. They often silently endure pain for false beauty, giving up the goals they should truly pursue.”

……

Grand white moon gold, skull stones, dragon-side tooth, young autumn grass along with fifty primeval stones, a flower boar Gu and a boar cage Gu.

This was handed to Fang Yuan as the materials for Gu refinement.

In front of him, the hairy man was already sitting cross-legged on the ground and refining Gu.

Although Fang Yuan was not a refinement path Gu Master, he had ventured into the refinement path in his previous life and knew many recipes.

Right now, he had three choices, every choice would refine a new Gu.

The inheritance did not mention which Gu he had to refine, this meant the Gu he refined needed to be better than the hairy man.

Fang Yuan looked at the process of the hairy man refining Gu and could already guess what he was going to refine.

He sneered inwardly, but on his face appeared a respectful and flattering smile: “Lord hairy man, you are really amazing. The method of your Gu refinement really makes this one sigh in amazement. You are a Gu refinement grandmaster, there is no Gu in this world which you can’t refine.”

“Ah? Haha! You… tactful.” The hairy man laughed loudly, clearly happy.

This distraction immediately caused the Gu refinement to fail.

The hairy man’s expression suddenly changed and shouted in fear: “No!”

But it was already late.

Heavenly power descended as lightning and struck the hairy man into ashes.

“Hehe.” Fang Yuan indifferently laughed and collected the materials in his hand. Under the paper crane Gu’s lead, he slowly walked towards the next round.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 358: New Trump Card 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Light dispersed and a Gu slowly landed onto Fang Yuan’s palm.

This was water cage Gu which was used especially to capture wild Gu worms and was very effective.

The hairy man in front was in the process of refining Gu. When he saw Fang Yuan was already done, he immediately let out a desperate howl.

Thunder crackled in the sky and the hairy man was killed.

Similar to King Quan Inheritance, King Xin Inheritance was also extremely cruel. Gu Masters had to tread through blood and death to move a step forward.

Fang Yuan sighed and stored the water cage Gu before continuing forward.

If he remembered correctly, this was already the thirty-second round in King Xin Inheritance.

King Xin Inheritance was an inheritance related to refinement path. The difficulty increased every ten rounds and the hairy men that appeared also became smarter and stronger.

In the early twenty or so rounds, Fang Yuan was able to rely on his speech to flatter the hairy men and disrupt their concentration, causing their Gu refinement to fail and give him effortless victories.

But starting from thirtieth round, the hairy men that appeared were huge and had remarkable intelligence; Fang Yuan could only compete fairly.

But fortunately, the Gu refinement materials of the first twenty rounds were accumulated by Fang Yuan and gave him ample options in refining Gu.

These Gu refinement materials could be saved by the Gu Masters and used for future rounds.

This was also a trick King Xin had left behind when she set up his inheritance. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, this trick was made public only after a year. Right now, it was a secret, even if some people realized this trick, the number was only a small fraction of the participants.

Fang Yuan was able to rush forward like this because of his plentiful accumulation and his previous life’s experiences. His achievement here were even better than at King Quan Inheritance.

From fortieth round, the difficulty of King Xin Inheritance increased by several folds.

At this stage, Gu Masters could use one of their Gu. But in King Xin Inheritance, the Gu they use must be of refinement path.

Fang Yuan did not have any refinement path Gu, the materials on him were also almost used up.

He began to feel the difficulty of advancing forward.

It was become very difficult to cross each round.

What was good was that after fortieth round, King Xin Inheritance gave the Gu Masters a corresponding reward.

These rewards could be refinement path Gu worms, recipes, primeval stones and so on, and were very generous.

When Fang Yuan broke through to forty-fourth round, he was given an opportunity to leave. He took this opportunity and left King Xin Inheritance.

The time he spent this time in King Xin Inheritance was even longer than in King Quan Inheritance.

Returning to San Cha mountain, Fang Yuan found Tie clan’s purple light barrier was still standing tall. Tie clan’s four old-timers were very patient and did not enter three kings inheritance; Bai Ning Bing was still trapped.

The three light pillars on the mountain peaks had already shrunk down to a cup sized thickness.

But as long as the light pillars existed, even if it was only the thickness of a tiny needle, it meant the doors had not closed and people could still enter.

But every time the inheritance opened up, no matter which inheritance of three kings inheritance Gu Masters chose, they could only enter one time.

Fang Yuan looked for Li Xian and made another transaction again.

Li Xian received many things from Fang Yuan and was inwardly startled.

“I have a bad news for you. Tie clan’s four old-timers have already requested for support from their clan, Tie clan has already sent a group of reinforcements over and it might be unfavorable for sir.”

Fang Yuan was not surprised, this action of Tie clan’s four old-timers was also within his expectations: “Eh? Who did they send as reinforcements?”

“The head is Tie clan’s Tie Ba Xiu, he is a strength path Gu Master with rank four upper stage cultivation. Besides him, there is also Tie Ruo Nan. She is one of the eight young masters of Tie clan and is a rising star who has been in limelight these two years! Every one of Tie clan’s eight young masters are dragons and phoenixes. Especially this Tie Ruo Nan, she is the daughter of Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng and already has rank four initial stage cultivation at such a young age.”

Li Xian placed emphasis on Tie Ruo Nan in this batch of reinforcements, and only gave small snippets of information regarding Tie Ba Xiu and others.

Tie Ba Xiu was already a famous character and everyone knew of him. But Tie Ruo Nan was a rising star and could only be said to have some reputation and had yet to be famous around Southern Border.

Li Xian, however, did not know Fang Yuan was familiar with Tie Ruo Nan.

‘Sure enough, she advanced to rank four. Tie Ba Xiu, Tie clan indeed sent this group just like in my previous life…’ Fang Yuan pondered in his mind.

Li Xian had been observing Fang Yuan’s expression the whole time, but seeing him remain calm, he was increasingly feeling more afraid.

“Lord little beast king, when this batch of Tie clansmen arrives, Tie clan’s four old-timers will be free to deal with Bai Ning Bing. There is still time if you make a move now.” Li Xian persuaded, with sincerity showing all over his face.

“I will have to ask you to pay more attention to our future deals.” Fang Yuan smiled and left the cave.

The moment Fang Yuan left, Li Xian’s expression turned grave.

His small eyes flashed with sharp light: “I have been fanning the flames to this extent but this little beast king remains unmoved. Is he really not worried about his partner’s safety? Could it be the relation between Bai Ning Bing and him is not as close as the rumors say? He is a man and Bai Ning Bing is so beautiful, he will definitely go rescue her. It seems I need to contact Hu Mei Er…”

Riling up people’s emotions had become basic nature to him. He watched others fight and fished in troubled water, obtaining huge benefits.

“Is this true?” Hu Mei Er’s eyes brightened with high spirits when she got the news from Li Xian.

“Why would I deceive my darling?” Li Xian smiled while caressing Hu Mei Er’s waist.

Hu Mei Er smiled tenderly and threw herself into Li Xian’s chest, acting coquettishly: “It is still big brother Li Xian who loves me the most.”

…..

A round pearl quietly rested on Fang Yuan’s palm.

It was golden all over and was only the size of a thumb. In the dusky cave, the pearl let out faint golden luster.

This was a yellow gold relic Gu, rank four Gu!

This Gu’s market supply was strictly controlled by all great clans. Even Li Xian could not get it.

It was all because this Gu could directly raise a rank four Gu Master’s cultivation by a small realm. Rank four and rank five were already the higher-ups of a clan; a yellow gold relic Gu could change the power structure of the higher-ups.

“I was quite lucky this time, actually receiving a yellow gold relic Gu as reward in King Xin Inheritance.” Fang Yuan sighed before activating this Gu with a thought.

Yellow gold relic Gu immediately turned into golden ray of light and entered Fang Yuan’s aperture.

The ninety percent primeval sea in Fang Yuan’s aperture surged and ebbed. In the center, Spring Autumn Cicada appeared and disappeared at times.

When yellow gold relic Gu entered the aperture, it was firmly suppressed by the indistinct aura of Spring Autumn Cicada. Fang Yuan could only make Spring Autumn Cicada conceal itself then use yellow gold relic Gu.

A ball of golden light immediately spread and covered the whole aperture. Bright golden primeval essence converged together, cleansing the aperture walls.

A night passed and when the light of clear dawn shone upon San Cha mountain, Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.

Rank four middle stage!

If he used nine eyes liquor worm, he would possess rank four upper stage essence gold primeval essence!

This moment, he had officially surpassed Bai Ning Bing in cultivation. At the same time, the stable aperture walls could bear even more of Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure now, somewhat delaying this death warrant.

“Next, it is refining Gu…”

Fang Yuan did not urgently use liquor worm, but instead took out a Gu.

This Gu was a ball of bone the size of a quail egg. On the surface, there were alternating black and white stripes like on a zebra.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing had once used this to soar to the skies.

This was the footless bird.

Although it was only at rank three, it could move ten thousand miles and was the number one mount under rank five. But it had a great a weakness – it could only fly once.

The moment it landed, it was the moment of its death.

This footless bird Gu was also obtained from King Xin Inheritance as a reward for Fang Yuan.

Nine palace flowers, aspiring stone, golden crow’s essence, chilling grass… Fang Yuan threw all these materials into the footless bird Gu and also constantly threw in primeval stones.

Most of these Gu refinement materials were materials Fang Yuan had remaining from King Xin Inheritance, while a portion was bought from Li Xian.

He used up a total of a hundred and eighty thousand primeval stones before the Gu refinement finished.

Bone wings Gu!

It was a rank four Gu. It looked like a feather, was spotless white, had bony texture and was light as a feather.

Under Fang Yuan’s will, this Gu flew towards his back and spread, forming into something resembling two pairs of folded wings that covered almost all of Fang Yuan’s back.

He poured primeval essence into the bone wings Gu… suddenly, intense pain attacked him as countless bones grew out from his backbone and ribs. The bony outgrowth pierced through his flesh and grew out before converging together and forming two enormous bone wings.

These bone wings were like the wings on a bird; wide and long. When folded up, the tail of the wings could touch the ground. The current Fang Yuan was truly an eight foot tall man.

Whoosh!

There was a soft sound as the bone wings stretched out. The cave did not look so spacious anymore.

Normal bone wings were spotless white. But the bone wings on Fang Yuan was not only pitch black, but also let out a metallic luster like that of steel and iron.

This was because Fang Yuan’s skeleton surpassed ordinary, having been reformed by iron bone Gu and at the same time, he had constantly been using rank four essence iron bone recently.

This led to Fang Yuan’s bone wings to far surpass other people’s in terms of sturdiness. Rather than to say they were only bone wings, it was better to say they were iron bone wings!

Fang Yuan softly flapped the wings, there was only a blowing sound before a strong whirlwind blew up.

Bone wings could be used as he wished and was like a natural part of his body.

Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction.

Ordinary Gu Masters were rather cautious in using bone wings Gu. They would often train for two to three years before they were able to fly. If it were to be used in battle, they would have to train even longer, at least five years and above.

After all, humans were creatures who walked on the ground and not flying creatures.

However, Fang Yuan had no such problem.

After five hundred years in his previous life, he had similarly gained plentiful experiences in terms of flying.

One could well imagine, if he suddenly used them, it was sure to catch his enemies off guard.

His newly advanced cultivation and bone wings Gu became the new trump cards of Fang Yuan!

“Now, it is time to deal with Bai Ning Bing’s matter.” Fang Yuan kept the bone wings, a chilling light flashing past his eyes.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 359: Obstruction 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

A group of seven people silently moved through a forest.

‘We have been hurrying on our way without resting all these days and are already very close to San Cha mountain.’ Tie Ba Xiu thought while rushing through the forest, stepping across stones and tree roots.

He was tall and had a buff physique, on his square face was a steady expression which gave a feeling of reliability.

His cultivation was rank four upper stage and his fame had spread throughout Southern Border. When he was young, he was spurned by the clan, pushed aside and forced to drift outside.

Then he encountered a righteous Gu Master inheritance and changed to strength path, making his name renowned in the world.

Now, he was a famous character of the righteous path. With rank five Gu ‘earth overlord’, he was called ‘present age overlord’ and had battle strength that surpassed ordinary rank four peak stage!

‘At present, there are five rank four peak stage Gu Masters on San Cha mountain; Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong, Kong Ri Tian, Wu Shen Tong and Yi Huo. Among them, Yi Huo’s battle prowess is very high and will be the strongest opponent. In addition to this, there will be more and more formidable characters who will join this struggle. It is just that I do not know what Tie Ruo Nan has planned.’

Thinking of this, Tie Ba Xiu could not help turning his gaze towards Tie Ruo Nan who was running beside him.

Although he had impressive battle prowess, in the group that was sent over this time by the clan, he was not the head. Rather, it was a young junior – Tie Ruo Nan!

After Tie Ruo Nan returned to the clan, she cultivated hard and displayed extremely strong aptitude and talent. Now, she was already one of the Tie clan’s eight young masters. She was meticulous, sensitive to the smallest details and was already being called ‘little divine investigator’. She was the strongest rising star that emerged in Tie clan these years, she was gradually soaring up and was being watched by many.

This time, when the four old-timers requested for reinforcements, the clan made an exception and appointed Tie Ruo Nan as the leader of this group. Even Tie Ba Xiu, this famous senior had to obey her orders. This showed how much the Tie clan higher ups expected from her.

Tie Ba Xiu only took a glance before retracting his gaze.

He was not in the least bit concerned about the clan’s arrangement and was also not jealous.

Tie Ba Xiu was very loyal to the clan; for the clan’s future hope, he was willing to be an assistant, willing to become a stepping stone.

In fact, when he was down and out, he had received Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng’s help. Tie Ba Xiu had always felt grateful towards him and with the interaction over these days, he sensed Tie Ruo Nan’s brilliance.

“As expected of Divine Investigator’s daughter! Big Brother Xue Leng, you have a worthy successor, you can rest assured in the afterlife.” Tie Ba Xiu was gratified.

He was very satisfied with Tie Ruo Nan. Not only did he admire her cultivation talents, he admired her leadership capability even more.

Outstanding young Gu Masters had gathered around Tie Ruo Nan. Not mentioning anything else, one just needed to look at the current group of people.

Tie Mu, rank three peak stage Gu Master, looked gentlemanly and was brimming with talent. He had received many invitations but he chose to join Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Ao Kai, rank three upper stage, he might look dazed and sleepy, but in the field of investigative ability, he had true prowess.

There was also Tie Dao Ku, an offense Gu Master with outstanding battle prowess. He had once served another young master but was now recruited by Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Xian Hua, one of the beauties in the clan, young and beautiful. Even clan elders praised her defensive abilities.

These talents gathered under Tie Ruo Nan and would become her crew. Tie Ba Xiu seemed to see the radiant scene where this crew endlessly grew and assisted Tie Ruo Nan in ascending to the position of clan leader.

Each one of the eight young masters of Tie clan had a chance to contend for clan leader’s position!

As they ran quickly, lights and shadows fluctuated in their vision and green light shone on Tie Ruo Nan’s face.

Her slender legs revealed her youthful beauty as she ran through the forest.

Having gained much experiences these years, Tie Ruo Nan had clearly matured. Her brows were sharp as sword and her eyes shone like the stars; when one looked at her from the side, one could feel her power. Her thick eyelashes shaded the resolute light in her eyes.

“San Cha mountain!”

She recited this name in her mind.

She had already received news about San Cha mountain. And she was even aware that San Cha mountain had become a place of unstable changes, a struggling whirlpool that swallowed lives, engulfing countless people of both demonic and righteous paths.

Originally, Tie Ruo Nan had not thought of participating. But an unexpected information made her realize there were hidden details regarding Qing Mao mountain back then.

Her father Tie Xue Leng lost his life at Qing Mao mountain; a hero of a generation had fallen.

Anything that concerned her father, she had to check it out. Thus, she personally accepted the order and hurried to San Cha mountain.

“Bai Ning Bing… Fang Zheng… the truth about Qing Mao mountain, I will get to the bottom of it!”

The group moved forward.

The group of seven moved in an standard battle formation.

The investigative Gu Master Tie Ao Kai was at front, Tie Ruo Nan and Tie Ba Xiu was at middle. Healing Gu Master was at the rear with defensive Gu Master Tie Xian Hua beside him.

No matter what the terrain was, the battle formation showed no signs of disorder. No matter what happened, this group responded to it at the first sight and was not caught unprepared.

“Who is it?!”

Suddenly, Tie Ao Kai who was at the front stopped and shouted, alerting the group.

Something happened!

The whole group swiftly came to a stop, the formation changed slightly to form into the best battle array; it was both closely linked and was also faintly loose to leave a way for retreat.

They could attack if they progressed, and defend if they retreated.

A person who crossed his arms and was standing on a boulder, glanced down at this group of people.

He was tall, with strong back and narrow waist, although he was not exaggeratedly muscular, he still gave a feeling of sturdiness.

He was wearing tight-fitting black clothes, he was standing there alone but it felt like a mountain was standing.

Especially, his black pupils, they were dark as abyss and gave an unfathomable feeling.

“Fang Zheng!” Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils shrunk when she saw this person and blurted out.

This person was indeed Fang Yuan.

“Tie Ruo Nan, we meet again.” The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into a smile, a grim intent was revealed from his expression.

Little beast king!

Tie Ba Xiu’s eyes narrowed and a severe light flashed past them.

The other five people of the group were behaving like they were facing a great enemy. They were very well equipped with intel and knew the person in front of them; a rising star of the demonic path with outstanding battle prowess, his actions were wild and unrestrained – an extremely dangerous character!

“Fang Zheng, I trust you have been since we last met?” Tie Ruo Nan revealed a complicated expression on her face and continued after a sigh, “Fang Zheng, you came to compromise? Actually, there is nothing to it. I know the struggles of three kings inheritance, you either live or die, there are no ways for retreat. Bai Ning Bing ran into my Tie clan’s Gu Master and killed him in as a last-ditch move. I have friendly relations with you both, how about this, come to Tie clan as a guest, explain the matter clearly and redeem this sin by doing some assignments for Tie clan. I can plea for leniency for you and Tie clan won’t pursue this matter anymore.”

When she was speaking, Tie Ao Kai nervously activated his Gu to secretly scan his surroundings.

It was truly strange Fang Yuan appeared alone. Maybe there were others lying in ambush!

Fang Yuan could not help but sneer at Tie Ruo Nan’s words: “Sin? She only killed a person, what sin is there? The only slight difference is this person has a somewhat tougher background, that’s all. Tie Ruo Nan, I didn’t think you were so childish. Thinking of luring me into going to Tie clan, and capture me there? When I enter Tie clan, I will be a dragon swimming in shallow water, a tiger moving in plain sight , wouldn’t I be completely at your mercy then?”

Tie Ruo Nan deeply furrowed her brows: “Fang Zheng, you have changed a lot over these years. You feel no guilt over killing a person? Anyway, I am not telling lies. I pledge on my honor that I will guarantee your safety and guarantee you will be given fair trial.”

Fang Yuan scoffed: “Is your Tie clan considered safe? At the moment, Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng has been causing havoc at Tie clan, even infiltrating Demon Suppression Tower. Your Tie clan can’t even help yourselves, can you guarantee my safety? Laughable, truly laughable.”

“What? The clan has kept the news regarding Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng confidential. He is an outsider and has also been staying far away here at San Cha mountain, how could he be so clear of the matter?”

The seven people of Tie clan turned pale.

Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng was a rank five expert, the matter of him infiltrating Demon Suppression Tower had already caused a lot of disturbance in Tie clan’s higher ups.

Tie clan had always viewed itself as the holy land of the righteous path, its Demon Suppression Tower was even a renowned prison for the demonic path, but Lu Zuan Feng entered and left it as he pleased. This level of humiliation and disgrace was tightly guarded and kept a secret by Tie clan; even top clans like Wu clan and Shang clan had no knowledge of it.

However, this little beast king unexpectedly knew it!

“Do you really believe such nonsense?” Tie Ba Xiu could not help but refuse it as it concerned the reputation of Tie clan.

“Leader, there are no one in the surroundings, he is alone.” At this time, Tie Ao Kai reported in a soft voice.

A bright light immediately flashed through Tie Ruo Nan’s mind and she fixed her gaze at Fang Yuan: “Fang Zheng, I understand your intent. You want to use this information to blackmail us and exchange for Bai Ning Bing’s life? We can do that! But we need to know how you you came to know about this secret. Otherwise, we will absolutely not let her go.”

Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed loudly: “Tie Ruo Nan, you are truly naive. I just spoke those words casually. You still don’t understand the purpose of me coming here? Don’t you know there is a battle tactic called besiege an enemy stronghold in order to strike at the reinforcements ?”

“What, you want to go against us?” Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils slightly widened, revealing an inconceivable expression.

The others also looked at Fang Yuan as if they were looking at an idiot.

We are a group of seven while you are just by yourself. We have rank four upper stage senior Tie Ba Xiu, rank four initial stage Tie Ruo Nan, and five rank three Gu Masters, each of them an expert. Just you alone wants to go against us?

“Has this little beast king lost his mind? Is there a problem with his brain?” For a moment, everyone had this thought.

Fang Yuan knew their thoughts as he looked at the change in their expression and eyes.

He did not feel like refuting them. With a cold smile, he suddenly pounced towards the group from high above like a northern goshawk.

“He really attacked?”

“Looking for death!”

The seven people were both startled and furious.

“No, this aura, how could he be at rank four middle stage?!”

Next instance, the seven all felt their hearts thump as they sensed the aura on Fang Yuan.

Facts speak louder than words.

“Rank four middle stage! Not initial stage?” Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes opened wide and was stunned at the revelation.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 360: One vs Seven (1/4) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan had been using breath concealment Gu and restrained his aura as much as possible. But now that he made a move, his true aura exploded out.

Add in to that, Tie Ruo Nan’s group had the preconceived belief that Fang Yuan had rank four initial stage cultivation. Thus, for a moment, this seven person group was very surprised.

“Rank four middle stage, this little beast king is so young but has surpassed young master Ruo Nan!”

“Rank four middle stage, no wonder he could be so arrogant.”

“So what if he is at rank four middle stage? He actually dared to approach us alone, he is simply seeking his own doom!”

 …

All sorts of thoughts flashed in the Tie clan’s group’s minds.

Thud!

A dull sound echoed; Tie Ba Xiu came back to his senses the fastest and stiffly struck against Fang Yuan’s fists in mid-air.

Tie Ba Xiu stably fell to the ground while Fang Yuan was sent flying.

“Fang Zheng, you want to find trouble with us just by yourself? I know you want to rescue your partner Bai Ning Bing, but think it over. You can’t act rashly in a matter of rescuing someone, it is still not too late for you to pull back. If you continue to fight, you will truly be setting yourself against our Tie clan! If that happens, your partner’s life will also be on the line.” Tie Ba Xiu expressed himself in few words, seemingly earnest, but was in truth attempting to break Fang Yuan’s fighting spirit; truly proving old ginger is hotter than new.

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan chuckled and looked at Tie Ba Xiu and the rest, his gaze completely exposed his killing intent, “So what if you are Tie clan? So what if I oppose you? If I really can’t save Bai Ning Bing, then I can only blame it on her bad luck. In any case, I already did my best.”

Such ruthless and indifference caused the Tie clan’s seven people to feel a chill in their hearts.

Fang Yuan turned towards Tie Ao Kai: “You over there, you don’t need to scout anymore, it is just me alone. Frankly, this path you guys chose is really good, very hidden and very suitable for me to kill you all.”

Hearing these words, Tie Ba Xiu’s expression completely turned dark.

“Fang Zheng, you are seeking your own death!”

“Death?” Fang Yuan started laughing loudly without any restraint.

“Is this guy crazy?”

“Has little beast king going mad from cultivation and lost his mind?”

“Demonic path people are all lunatics like this!”

The group all felt the situation was going to be problematic from the unbridled laughter of Fang Yuan.

Fierce people were afraid of unreasonable people and unreasonable people were afraid of those that did not care about death. Despite there being seven people in Tie clan’s side and Fang Yuan was alone, the Tie clan’s group felt fear.

This type of lunatic that was suicidal and did not care about his own life, what was there that he could not do?

Fang Yuan suddenly stopped laughing and stepped forward producing a loud sound. Like a tiger that left the mountain, he resumed his attacks again.

“Fight!” Tie Ruo Nan shouted with a heavy expression, knowing this fight was inevitable.

Tie Ba Xiu retreated and stood beside Tie Ruo Nan; Tie Dao Ku and Tie Xian Hua moved to the front together; and Tie Ao Kai started running at the side.

The whole formation was instantly loosened up like a sack being opened, displaying their skilled battle tactics coordination.

Charging crash Gu!

Fang Yuan rushed forward like a bull, the stones under him were smashed as he moved with powerful momentum and penetrated into Tie clan’s ‘sack’ without any fear.

“Little beast king, you are simply too arrogant!” Tie Xian Hua shouted in her delicate voice and stretched out the five fingers of her right hand.

There was a soft sound and an enormous black golden lotus flower blossomed instantly from her palm.

The lotus bloomed, its huge petals were bent down, forming arcs like an umbrella. The dark green lotus stalk continued to grow and in a blink of an eye was over an arm’s size, becoming the handle of the umbrella.

Tie Xian Hua plucked this lotus with her left hand and then charged towards Fang Yuan while holding the dark green lotus stalk.

Umbrella lotus Gu!

Tie Xian Hua was petite while the umbrella lotus was huge and completely covered her, becoming a shield and firmly protecting her.

Fang Yuan sneered, a white elephant phantom appeared above him.

Beast phantom, the strength of an elephant!

Bam!

With no surprise, Fang Yuan sent Tie Xian Hua, who was blocking his path, flying.

Tie Xian Hua flew a whole ten feet like a dead leaf blown by the wind.

“What great strength!” She gritted her teeth, enduring the intense pain from the collision. She twisted her body in the midair and quickly found a balance, landing on the ground without falling.

But the expected attack did not follow, Fang Yuan ignored her existence and directly charged towards Tie Ruo Nan.

“Damn it, he is going after young master!”

“We must block him, protect young master!”

The battle will and killing intent of the group was ignited when they saw Fang Yuan targeting Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Ruo Nan half-kneeled, her two hands were pressed on the ground; from the moment the battle started, she was creating a puppet.

Plants grew wildly near her.

The fragile grass beside her feet grew to an adult man’s height. Dozens of huge grass intertwined; in the emerald-green light, a grassman puppet was created.

Grass puppet Gu!

Fang Yuan had seen rank one grass puppet Gu at Qing Mao mountain. It was used as a target for practicing moon blades.

Rank one grass puppet Gu was of no threat but once it reached rank two, it could easily kill an ordinary hunter. The one Tie Ruo Nan was using right now was rank three grass puppet Gu.

The grassman puppet she created was short and thin, the leaves tightly weaved together, its one hand was holding a bamboo blade and another hand was raising a rattan shell shield.

This was rattan shell grass soldier! It possessed the strength to kill a rank one Gu Master!

Just one rattan shell grass soldier was no threat to Fang Yuan. But once their numbers increased, they became troublesome.

Rattan shell grass soldier were often used as cannon fodder to consume the opposing Gu Master’s primeval essence. Most importantly, using a rank four Gu Master’s strength, a dozen rattan shell soldiers could combine into a rank four grass sword elite soldier.

In this short moment, Tie Ruo Nan already had eighteen rattan shell grass soldiers beside her.

“Tie Ruo Nan…” Fang Yuan was filled with killing intent, his icy and sharp gaze firmly locked on to Tie Ruo Nan.

This woman possessed outstanding talents similar to Bai Ning Bing, and she had also investigated the affairs on Qing Mao mountain, she could not be left alive. Fang Yuan had already wanted to kill her back at Shang clan city, but the time had not been good then.

Tie Ruo Nan did not budge. She chose to believe in her partners and was still creating rattan shell grass soldiers.

“Block him!”

Tie Ao Kai flung his sleeves and a large swarm of golden needle mosquitoes flew out.

“Don’t even think of taking a step further!”

Tie Dao Ku rushed towards Fang Yuan while activating hand blade Gu and swift shadow Gu.

Fang Yuan laughed and directly clashed head-on without evading it.

Golden needle mosquitoes pierced tiny blood holes all over his body. Tie Dao Ku’s arms struck his chest and slashed out long wounds.

Fang Yuan howled with laughter, and stepped forward with his head high, blood flowing out from the wounds all over his body.

“He is wounded!” The Tie clan group was solemn.

If it were other enemies that were wounded, the Tie clan group would feel happy and relaxed, but Fang Yuan possessed bitter strength Gu; the heavier the injuries he suffered, the stronger his fighting strength became.

Green bull, horse, stone turtle!

Sure enough, three more beast phantoms appeared above Fang Yuan.

He opened the way with his huge strength that could not be blocked!

Tie Xian Hua rushed over and was casually sent flying by Fang Yuan. Tie Dao Ku helplessly retreated while Tie Ao Kai could only wander at the sidelines.

“Good, tyrant strength Gu!” Fang Yuan was about to reach Tie Ruo Nan, when Tie Ba Xiu shouted and stepped forward.

Bam!

There was a huge explosive sound from the collision of the two. Both were sent back seven to eight steps.

It was a draw!

Fang Yuan had four beast phantoms, but Tie Ba Xiu was not famous for nothing; his rank four tyrant strength Gu was inherited from the ancient strength path and possessed the strength of a overlord.

“Interesting, again!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brightly and he charged forward again.

Tie Ba Xiu greeted him head-on, firmly blocking his way.

Tie Dao Ku and others all let out a breath of turbid air, feeling relief as they looked at this scene.

“Little beast king is finally stopped.”

“This is senior Tie Ba Xiu!”

“Fang Zheng is trapped within our tight encirclement, he is sure to die!”

The Tie clan group’s fighting spirit soared as Fang Yuan lost his momentum. In their eyes, he was like a bull that had fallen into trap, his threat had greatly decreased.

All of them joined in to attack.

All kinds of attacks like swarm of golden needle mosquitoes, flower rain and hand blades were thrown at Fang Yuan from all directions.

Fang Yuan’s skin was torn open, the wounds on his body was becoming more serious and he had no choice but to use golden shield Gu to defend. At the same time, he also used self-reliance Gu to heal his body.

The more he fought, the stronger he got, but Tie Ba Xiu was unexpectedly also the same!

He possessed rank five earth overlord Gu which allowed him to absorb an endless amount of strength from the earth, making his tyrant strength Gu stronger and stronger.

Tie Ba Xiu continuously activated earth overlord Gu, acquiring formless strength from the earth that empowered his tyrant strength Gu and continued to increase his strength.

The battle was in a stalemate.

Fang Yuan and Tie Ba Xiu fought intensely, beating each other up with punches and kicks; they were the center of the fight. Like human-shaped beasts, each of their moves carried heavy weight, and wherever the fight went, stones shattered and dust flew.

Howl!

Suddenly, there was a beast howl and a beast phantom appeared above Fang Yuan.

Lightning curled around it, its tusks were exposed outside and it gave off extremely violent aura – thunder boar phantom!

Tie Xian Hua who was blocking Fang Yuan’s path was suddenly sent flying.

Umbrella lotus Gu broke and its petals scattered in the air.

“Xian Hua, persevere!” Tie Mu rushed over and held Tie Xian Hua who was throwing up huge amounts of blood, and promptly began healing her.

At the same time, a group of rattan shell grass soldiers came over and blocked any gaps in the surroundings, defending these two.

By now, there were already close to a thousand rattan shell grass soldiers around Tie Ruo Nan and were already providing support in the battle. At the same time, she was continuously creating new grassman puppets.

Tie Ruo Nan walked the enslavement path and one could not let an enslavement path Gu Master like her have enough time to prepare.

Enslavement path Gu Masters were the best at fighting war of attrition, the longer the time passed, the more unfavorable Fang Yuan’s situation would be. The best answer was to directly murder the leader.

But this tactic would not work.

Fang Yuan was firmly entangled with Tie Ba Xiu now.

“A ferocious junior!” Tie Ba Xiu could not help but feel admiration towards Fang Yuan in his heart.

Even though he had already predicted it, the strength Fang Yuan displayed still shocked him.

He had thought Fang Yuan’s power was due to the set of strength path Gu with him. Inheriting the precious Gu worms of ancient strength path and moreover, their coordination was also exquisite.

However, as the battle progressed till this stage, Tie Ba Xiu could hardly dare to believe the shrewdness, ruthlessness, calmness and steadiness Fang Yuan displayed.

“This lad’s battle talent… if I was not personally fighting him, I would never believe that there would be such a monster! He needs to be killed, I must kill him. He is even more dangerous than what the intel said, if we give him time to grow, it will be a calamity for the righteous path!” Tie Ba Xiu was shocked and his killing intent soared even more.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 361: One vs Seven (2/4) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The battle carried on like wildfire.

“Little beast king is this terrifying! We have so many people on our side but still can’t catch him!” Tie Mu looked at the battle while healing Tie Xian Hua, his expressions fluctuating endlessly.

“His strength has improved by leaps and bounds, reaching this formidable stage now!” Tie Dao Ku looked at the battle in front, sensing he was already unable to interfere.

“No wonder he arrogantly blocked us, such battle prowess… but even if he is more ferocious, what can he do? Two fists cannot rival four hands , the battle has reached this stage and we still have seven people! This is the cooperative strength of a group! Fang Zheng, this battle is your loss, no doubt.” Tie Ruo Nan observed the battle situation from a tall boulder.

In her sight, Tie Ba Xiu and five others surrounded Fang Yuan as a circle. And surrounding this was a large numbers of green ratten shell grass soldiers that had formed into a tight net.

At the same time, some rattan shell grass soldiers were combining with each other to form rank four grass sword elite soldiers.

“The outcome is a foregone conclusion. Little beast king, look at your surroundings! You are already heavily encircled, do you still want to persist obstinately? Let yourself be captured and maybe you can still have a way out!” Tie Xian Hua stood up and attempted to shake Fang Yuan’s fighting spirit.

The injuries on her were already healed by Tie Mu and she now had the strength to fight again.

“Fang Zheng, it is impossible for you to escape even if you grow wings 1 . This is the price for overestimating yourself!” Tie Mu added in from beside Tie Xian Hua.

“Eh? Impossible to escape?” Fang Yuan suddenly exerted strength and forced back Tie Ba Xiu. A mocking smile appeared on his face, “Is it true that I can’t escape even if I grow wings ? I’ll give it a try.”

Whoosh!

There was a sharp pain as a pair of pitch black bone wings with metallic luster stretched out fully from Fang Yuan’s back!

“This is…”

“He really has…?”

“What!”

In front of Tie clan group’s amazed gazes, Fang Yuan flapped the wings and softly lifted off from the ground and continued to rise higher, flying into the air.

Tie Mu could never have expected his words to turn out to be a prophecy, and was baffled.

“The intel did not say little beast king had a flying type Gu… this is clearly a rank four flying type Gu, how did he get it?” Tie Xian Hua stared with her eyes wide open in bewilderment.

Flying type Gu were a type of movement Gu worms, they were rather expensive and also very rare, thus only few Gu Masters possessed them.

“Fang Zheng can fly?! No wonder he arrogantly intercepted us.” Tie Dao Ku immediately realized.

Tie Ruo Nan’s expression also turned unsightly. Her ratten shell grass soldiers had no use against air targets. The moment Fang Yuan flew, an enormous hole immediately appeared in her painstakingly created layers of encirclement.

“What are you all panicking for!” Right at this moment, Tie Ba Xiu’s loud shout echoed in everyone’s ears.

This rank four upper stage strength path cultivator was a cornerstone of the Tie clan, and right now his eyes were bursting with bright light. His plentiful experiences allowed him to find out a weakness in Fang Yuan.

“How can flying type Gu be easy to control? By nature, humans walk on the ground, if they want to fly and soar freely, they need a lot of painstaking practice! And to battle while flying? It needs even more bitter training! Even Verdant Great Sun, son of the great Ren Zu, died while flying. How much time could it have been since this little beast king obtained his flying type Gu?”

Tie Ba Xiu words forced the Tie clan group to wake up and their spirits rose up again.

“That’s right, the intel did not mention Fang Zheng having any flying type Gu. He definitely obtained the bone wings very recently!”

“Flying needs a huge amount of practice, it is not something that can be picked up and used immediately. Little beast king is too naive.”

“The main thing is we are really fortunate to have senior Tie Ba Xiu by our side.”

Tie clan’s group regained their fighting spirit.

“My long distance methods are lacking, you guys attack and take him down. Fang Zheng, you made an extremely stupid move! If you had continued to battle steadily, you could have still lasted for some time, but now you have trapped yourself.” Tie Ba Xiu shouted loudly.

“Eh? You think so…?” Fang Yuan smiled indifferently, a look of pity in his eyes.

“Little beast king, you won’t be proud for long. Golden needle mosquito… huh.” Tie Ao Kai wanted to attack when suddenly his expression turned stiff.

In the battle just before, his golden needle mosquito Gu were already exhausted.

It was all because he saw Fang Yuan not defending against the golden needle mosquitoes’ attack, thus using it readily. The battle was also very intense which made him forget the intense expenditure of the golden needle mosquitoes.

“Not good, my star arrow Gu has already been destroyed by little beast king!”

“Damn it, I only have two flower rain Gu remaining….”

A similar situation played out on, more or less, everybody.

Tie Ba Xiu’s heart sank, it turned out little beast king had already been ready and had all along been hiding his schemes deep within his heart.

“It’s okay, I have blade qi Gu and can do long distance fight!” Tie Dao Ku stood up.

“I have snowball Gu with me and can make little beast king suffer some consequences.” Another Tie clan Gu Master also stood up.

Many hands provide great strength ; there were seven people in this Tie clan group and thus they had plentiful methods. Even if Fang Yuan had aimed at this, he was not able to wipe out all their methods.

“Little beast king, get down here!” Tie Dao Ku sent out a ray of blade qi.

The blade qi whistled towards Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan evaded it with a light flap of his wings.

Three snowballs moved in to block Fang Yuan’s retreating path.

Fang Yuan folded up his left wing and made an agile whirling movement, safely passing through the gaps between the snowballs.

Tie Ba Xiu’s heart thumped at this scene and a bad feeling rose up: He evaded them so effortlessly, was that luck?

Soon, the Tie clan group felt stunned and helpless as Fang Yuan agilely and confidently evaded countless attacks.

“He has such a good control over flying type Gu!”

“Damn it, our attacks simply can’t hit him.”

“My primeval essence is already running dry, blade qi Gu’s consumption is huge. It seems we can only let Fang Zheng escape this time.”

The Tie clan group’s attacks gradually became sparse.

“Little beast king, I can’t help but admire you, you are indeed a great talent. Today, we made it easy for you to retreat, that is also because of your talent. But watch out for the next time we meet.” Tie Ruo Nan warned in a heavy voice.

Fang Yuan seemed to have heard the most ridiculous joke in the world and started laughing loudly.

“What are you laughing at?” The ominous feeling in Tie Ba Xiu’s heart became even more intense…

“Hahaha, of course I am laughing at your naivety. Why would I run? The real battle has only begun!” After saying this, Fang Yuan activated all-out effort Gu and strength qi Gu at the same time.

Green bull, horse, stone turtle, white elephant and black python; five beast phantoms turned solid and slammed down.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

In an instant, the battlefield shook, stones crumbled and dust flew everywhere. Ratten shell grass soldiers were sent flying or destroyed and the Tie clan group retreated madly.

“Attack! We can’t be taking hits passive, we must give him no time to take control of the battlefield!” Tie Ba Xiu roared furiously and punched at Fang Yuan from afar with his bowl-sized fists.

A formless majestic fist energy exploded out violently and actually broke the sound of sound, creating a sonic boom!

However, Fang Yuan flapped his wings and rose higher, easily dodging the attack.

Tie Ba Xiu helplessly sighed. His fist energy might be a long range attack but the distance it could reach was short.

He was a strength path Gu Master, this path had always lacked in long range attack methods. Fang Yuan could be said to be an oddity because his strength qi Gu originated from the ancient qi path.

Upon Tie Ba Xiu’s reminder, other Tie clan Gu Masters warded off the beast phantoms and started making aerial attacks.

However, Fang Yuan displayed unmatchable flying ability!

Occasionally, he was like a butterfly, dancing between the attacks and agilely evading them. Occasionally, he was like a goshawk flying towards the sky, forcing people to watch helplessly. Occasionally, he would make arcs with his bone wings like a swift. And occasionally, he would hover and wait for an opportunity before moving, like a dragonfly.

Most of the attacks were dodged by him. And a few attacks that managed to strike his body were resisted by the defensive light of golden shield Gu.

“This is impossible! How could his flying capability be so superb!”

“This level of control isn’t inferior to Lan Mei He, Hong Fei Yu or Fei You Wang!!”

Lan Mei He, Hong Fei Yu and Fei You Wang were experts in flying and were already famed throughout Southern Border.

The Tie clan group were stunned and horrified.

Fang Yuan constantly activated Gu worms to attack to his heart’s content. The earlier battle was only setting up this current situation.

Tie Ruo Nan’s expression was ashen.

She had painstakingly created so many ratten shell grass soldiers but they could only passively take hits now! Moreover, it had wasted a lot of her primeval essence!

“Die!” Fang Yuan hovered for a long while before he suddenly saw an opportunity and pounced down.

“Tie Mu, careful!”

“Dodge quickly!”

Tie Mu heard the others’ fearful shouts and looked up in a flurry.

The dazzling sunlight pierced his eyes first of all. Then he saw a black figure pouncing down like a goshawk.

The intense whistling sounds immediately filled his ears.

An enormous feeling of crisis filled his heart.

“Not good, run!” This thought had just emerged in his mind when Fang Yuan’s hands grabbed his shoulders.

Beast phantom retract!

Fang Yuan’s strength gushed up and he pulled apart his arms, ruthlessly ripping apart the arms.

Blood spurted out like a waterfall and Tie Mu’s two limbs were torn apart from the shoulders.

A violent pain drowned Tie Mu’s mind and he roared furiously, his handsome face twisted into something terrifying.

Bam!

Fang Yuan again exerted strength and smacked his hands; Tie Mu’s head was forcibly burst open like a watermelon!

In an instant, blood and brain matter sprayed on Fang Yuan’s body, face and hair. It was either the grey brain matter or red blood, even the eyeballs stuck on Fang Yuan’s clothes.

The dense bloody stench assaulted the nose. If it were any other person, they might have vomited on the spot, but Fang Yuan smelled it like it was the world’s most fragrant smell. He was enjoying this and there was even a very intense excitement in the depths of his heart!

“Death, such a sweet fragrance!”

“Kill, kill!”

“Let the flower of life bloom brightly in the blood.”

He threw his head back and roared, actually improvising a poem.

“Tie Mu!” Seeing Tie Mu’s death, the Tie clan group looked with furious eyes, the fire of their fury seemingly able to burn the sky and ocean!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“You killed Tie Mu, I want you dead!” Tie Xian Hua raised the umbrella lotus Gu, shouting as she pounced.

Fang Yuan smiled lightly, after waiting for Tie Xian Hua to get close, he turned his body quickly, and opened his wings, as he moved elegantly and brushed past Tie Xian Hua.

Tie Xian Hua charged for five to six steps before stopping.

Her beautiful face was in a daze. The umbrella lotus Gu fell on the ground, as a trace of blood slowly showed on her neck, before blood poured out of her like a fountain, sending her head flying as she was beheaded.

“Xian Hua!!” Tie clan’s group shouted pitifully, but it could not bring her back to life.

Tie Ba Xiu quickly came over.

Fang Yuan laughed heartily, spreading his wings and flying into the sky.

Tie Ba Xiu was obstructed by the ratten shell grass soldiers, although he created a path for himself to charge out, how could he match Fang Yuan’s speed?

Fang Yuan flew in the sky, after some indiscriminate dive bombs, he flew towards Tie Ruo Nan.

“Oh no, his target is young master!” Tie Dao Ku quickly reinforced her.

Fang Yuan suddenly changed directions, landing quickly in front of Tie Dao Ku.

“Die!” Fang Yuan had a cold expression, exchanging blows with Tie Dao Ku, not dodging or evading at all, showing his fierce nature.

Tie Dao Ku was also a man with great courage, facing Fang Yuan head on.

Swift shadow Gu! Hand blade Gu! Iron hand Gu! Consecutive slash Gu! Quick battle gale! Blade qi Gu!

He was an attack type Gu Master in the first place, as he attacked with all his strength, his arms moved like wind as blade shadows flashed quickly.

Fang Yuan activated the golden shield Gu, but it broke quickly under his barrage.

Even with bronze skin’s defense, Fang Yuan’s skin was torn open as blood and flesh flew out.

“Just like this, hold on!” The others quickly changed their directions, going to assist him.

“Oh no, my primeval essence is used up!” Suddenly, Tie Dao Ku’s attacks stopped.

He was a rank three Gu Master, and had been battling intensely. Now, after a flurry of attacks, his primeval essence dried up.

Without primeval essence, Tie Dao Ku turned from a tiger to a sick cat.

Fang Yuan smiled, grabbing his neck and twisted.

Crack, Tie Dao Ku’s neck was easily broken by Fang Yuan. A blade expert, Tie Ruo Nan’s capable general, brave and courageous, lost his life here.

“No!!!” Tie Ruo Nan saw this and her eyes turned red with sadness and anger, as the flames of anger was ignited in her, attempting to burn her into ashes.

Ratten shell grass soldiers, under her command, gathered into a green tidal wave, moving and attempting to engulf Fang Yuan.

Thousands of grass soldier puppets, having strength in numbers, they were already a threat to Fang Yuan.

Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes, nose, and mouth was bleeding, such intensive manipulation of her Gu caused great strain on her mind, and it started affecting her body.

“Ruo Nan, don’t be rash! Do not get engulfed by your own anger!” Tie Ba Xiu saw this and reminded.

But Tie Ruo Nan had lost her reasoning, she had watched her friends die in front of her, this was a huge stimulation to her, it even brought back the pain from back when her father died.

“She is still too young.” Fang Yuan sneered, flapping his wings and flying up.

The imposing ratten shell grass soldiers missed their target, as they collapsed together, squeezing into a lump. Not only was their formation a mess, it even caused Tie Ba Xiu and others to have no space to move.

“This is the weakness of a team! Once the cooperation breaks down, you yourself will be the biggest burden to them. Hehehe… such specific allocation of duty also caused the members to be overly reliant on others. Relying on yourself instead of others, that is the truth of the world!” Fang Yuan flew high in the sky, looking at the battlefield emotionlessly, as he moved his gaze towards Tie Ao Kai.

Tie Ao Kai was an investigative Gu master, since the start of the battle, he had been moving around the outskirts.

His speed was fast, he could easily run away and seek reinforcements, he was very crucial to Fang Yuan’s plans to eliminate them all. He had to die at all costs!

Seeing Fang Yuan fly towards him, Tie Ao Kai’s face was aghast.

Fang Yuan was bathed in blood, his black hair, eyes, and wings, made him look like a demonic god incarnate. Ruthless and courageous, but also cruel and devious.

Tie Mu, Tie Xian Hua, and Tie Dao Ku had all died in his hands, even Tie Ba Xiu could do nothing to him.

Facing such a strong foe, how could he be Fang Yuan’s match?

The swarm of ratten shell grass soldier army was once Tie Ao Kai’s reassurance, but now it was a cold mockery towards him.

“Escape, I have to escape to San Cha mountain and report to the four elders of Tie clan!” Tie Ao Kai was scared, giving himself a reason to retreat as he immediately left the battlefield, running rapidly.

“Don’t run, come back now!” Tie Ba Xiu’s gaze was on Tie Ao Kai as he ran into the forest, shouting loudly.

If Tie Ao Kai stayed behind and was united with them, he might have a chance of survival. But he ran away alone, having little primeval essence and low cultivation, how could he be faster than Fang Yuan by running with his two legs, restricted by the terrain?

As expected, in a moment, Fang Yuan carried his head and flew back.

“AHHHH! Gu Yue Fang Zheng! Gu Yue Fang Zheng! You are dead, you are dead meat! You killed my Tie clansmen, you heinous being, there is no salvation for you. Don’t run if you have guts, what kind of man are you to run away from me. You have no balls you coward, come fight with me, I will tear you to shreds, and grind your bones into ashes!” Tie Ba Xiu was extremely furious, giving off a thunderous scream.

Fang Yuan chuckled, not falling for the taunt: “Heinous? Heh, I’ve killed so many people in the past, why didn’t you call me heinous back then? Because I killed a Tie clansmen, that makes me a heinous villain? Hehe, if that is so, then I love such a sin, let me kill a few more and add a few more sins to my name.”

Saying so, Fang Yuan spread his wings and continued to divebomb, killing the rest of the Tie clan Gu Masters.

Tie Ba Xiu watched with bloodshed eyes, almost vomiting blood out of anger. But he was trapped by the ratten shell grass soldiers, and his speed was no match for Fang Yuan, watching all these outstanding Tie clan youngsters slaughtered in front of him, losing their lives.

Very quickly, in the battlefield, only Tie Ruo Nan and Tie Ba Xiu were left.

“Die, I want you dead!” Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes were bloodshot as she gritted her teeth, chanting.

 She had activated the ratten shell grass soldiers to her limit, her body oozing with blood, combined with her crazed expression, it gave people chills.

“Ruo Nan, calm down, calm down now.” Tie Ba Xiu rushed to her side, shaking her shoulders. But Tie Ruo Nan had no reaction towards it, staring at Fang Yuan with deep hatred.

Below Fang Yuan, the ratten shell grass soldiers had gathered together, tightly like a lump. But they could not hit Fang Yuan, thus acting like lost flies.

Tie Ba Xiu sighed helplessly, he had great experience, he knew that this battle was extremely impactful to Tie Ruo Nan, causing her mental state to breakdown, filled by hatred and fury, she was almost taken over by her anger, and could provide no assistance in the short run.

Fang Yuan flapped his wings from time to time, causing his body to remain in the air.

Tie clan only had two people left, but Fang Yuan stopped his attacks.

That is because, among these two, Tie Ruo Nan was like a crazy b*tch, while Tie Ba Xiu had great battle strength, he was a tough opponent. If Fang Yuan got distracted, he would receive great injuries from him.

Looking at Tie Ruo Nan, Fang Yuan’s gaze shone with consideration.

“Tie Ruo Nan has already lost her reasoning in this state. Why don’t I keep these ratten shell grass soldiers here to erode her remaining mental energy. After her mind breaks down, I will take her life. Mm… no, there is a better way. She is the Tie clan young master, Tie Ba Xiu has to protect her. I should use this Tie Ruo Nan to indirectly attack Tie Ba Xiu! If I can kill him, that would be the best.”

Tie Ba Xiu was an established expert, rank four upper stage cultivation, and due to the earth overlord Gu, his battle strength surpassed normal rank four peak stage Gu Masters. He could be said to be Fang Yuan’s most powerful foe after leaving Qing Mao mountain.

Facing such attacks, even if Fang Yuan used all his strength, he could not win.

His only weakness was a lack of long range attacks, but that was not a fatal flaw.

But, battles change due to circumstances, even if Tie Ba Xiu had no flaws, right now, he had someone he had to protect right beside him.

Unknowingly, Tie Ruo Nan had become the hostage that Fang Yuan was using to threaten him!

“If I can kill Tie Ba Xiu, even Yi Huo would have to feel threatened by me. But, I have to observe the situation, we cannot drag this. Although these seven Tie clansmen chose a hidden route here, the four Tie clan old-timers might come to reinforce them.” Fang Yuan thought in his heart, reminding himself.

He had a careful, vigilant, calm, and rational nature. He did not panic in dangerous situations, while not arrogant when he had advantages.

The four old-timers of Tie clan had a combination killer move, called limitless search and lock. If they plant the lock Gu on the Gu Master, no matter where he goes, they can find him. It is the number one capturing method. In his previous life, even Kong Ri Tian was a victim to this killer move, causing the downfall of a demonic expert.

Although Fang Yuan had the bone wings Gu, and could fly anywhere he wanted, free and unrestrained while having the capabilities to attack or escape, all according to his will. But once he was planted with the lock Gu, no matter where he flew to, above the heavens or above the sea, he would be captured.

There is always someone who can bring you down, balance exists in everything , although the bone wings Gu was good, it was restricted by other methods.

The only reason why this battle was so successful was because Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, and knew everything about these seven from Tie clan. Secondly, he had destroyed and expended their long range methods from the battle before.

His thoughts only lasted a second in real time.

After deciding, Fang Yuan took out his primeval stone to recover his primeval essence.

The aperture’s primeval sea level started rising again.

At the same time, he inspected his own body, using the self-reliance Gu to heal some critical injuries.

“Damn it!” Seeing this, Tie Ba Xiu’s heart was heavy, like a mountain rock was weighing on it.

If little beast king continued to attack, he would be happy instead, but right now Fang Yuan took his time to rest, not indulging in the pleasure of having the upper hand, instead stopping his attacks to recover his primeval essence and heal his injuries!

“This little beast king, he is so young, how can he be so scheming and calm?!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 363: One vs Seven (4/4) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan’s composure made Tie Ba Xiu shocked and cold.

When the battle started, Tie Ba Xiu had absolutely not expected he would be in such a situation and at a disadvantage.

But now, this established expert, a cornerstone of Tie clan, had no choice but to admit he was in a dangerous situation.

The culprit that led to this situation was this young man in front of him!

He fought against seven people by himself and forced them to reach this stage.

How in the world did he accomplish this?

“From the moment little beast king appeared, his actions and words were all unfathomable and unpredictable traps, luring the seven of us right into it. Even more unexpectedly, he holds a flying type Gu and possesses such skilled flying techniques. With his flying ability, he has taken the initiative, able to retreat and advance as he pleases, eventually leading to this situation, a one-sided slaughter.”

Tie Ba Xiu felt his heart turn cold as he recalled the situation.

How did Fang Yuan possess such incredible flying techniques, that question was no longer the most terrifying thing.

“The truly terrifying thing about this lad is his head. How could he have such a meticulous scheming ability at his age? He is simply a monster! If he used it for the righteous path, he would become the most brilliant rising star of the righteous path. Unfortunately, he chose to use his intelligence for the evil demonic path. This is a disaster to the people of the world!!”

Tie Ba Xiu had a premonition, one day this young man in front of him would become a calamity to the whole southern border. At that time, blood would flow into a river and dye the land red, and an uncountable number of living beings would fall victim to his vicious attacks!

“No, my current situation is very dangerous. Tie Ruo Nan can’t fight and my long range attacks are inadequate. Little beast king however, can fly, thus attacking or retreating as he desires. Retreat, we must hurry to San Cha mountain and join with the four old-timers!”

Although Tie Ba Xiu had been famous for a long time, his heart was steady and was not misled by fame and profits.

He could not display all his strength, but under the continuous empowerment of earth overlord Gu, tyrant strength Gu was becoming stronger and stronger, surpassing the limits of Fang Yuan.

But Tie Ba Xiu was not drunken in his powers, with his experience, he could see the situation he was in. Continuing to fight only ends in disaster, the most sensible choice was to retreat!

He did not care that he was forced to retreat by a junior. Even if he lost all his reputation, it was better than dying.

“What’s more, big brother Xue Leng, I can’t let your child die in front of me!” As he thought of this, Tie Ba Xiu became decisive and dragged Tie Ruo Nan to retreat.

“Hmm? Running away!” Fang Yuan’s suddenly shone with severity.

He felt the situation was problematic.

Retreating was truly the most sensible choice for Tie Ba Xiu. This place was near to San Cha mountain and if they managed to attract the four old-timers of Tie clan, it would be Fang Yuan’s turn to retreat.

“Kill!” Fang Yuan naturally did not want to see such a situation happening.

He pointed his hand and activated his all-out effort Gu along with strength qi Gu; beast phantoms turned into solid forms and landed on the ground, blocking Tie Ba Xiu.

However, Tie Ba Xiu was strong, his punches and kicks seem to whistle like the wind and cackle like lightning, scattering these beast phantoms.

Fang Yuan suddenly changed the attack target, the beast phantoms all moved towards Tie Ruo Nan.

“Despicable!” Tie Ba Xiu cursed and moved to protect Tie Ruo Nan.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly at this, if Tie Ba Xiu gave up on Tie Ruo Nan and escaped by himself, Fang Yuan would not be able to stop him. However, Tie Ba Xiu was protecting Tie Ruo Nan, this was seeking his own doom.

Because he was a Gu Master that specialized in offense, not defense.

By protecting Tie Ruo Nan, he was sacrificing himself, tying his own hands and feet, fighting his enemy’s specialty with his weakness.

One side escaped and other pursued, the situation was in a stalemate.

No matter how Tie Ba Xiu cursed and provoked, Fang Yuan only flew in the air and used beast phantoms to attack.

Tie Ba Xiu could not hit Fang Yuan and thus was passively taking a beating. Moreover, there were light injuries on his body while protecting Tie Ruo Nan.

“He is only at rank four middle stage, why does he have so much primeval essence?” Tie Ba Xiu was starting to feel desperate, he did not know Fang Yuan not only had liquor worm, but also heavenly essence treasure lotus; in terms of primeval essence, he could completely match rank four upper stage.

Fang Yuan attacked furiously, sending attacks without an end. If a beast phantom was destroyed, he would immediately send another.

Beast phantoms attacked one after another, if one fell, another arrived. Especially, the occasional thunder boar and rock crocodile phantom which could threaten Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Ba Xiu was getting exhausted and was slowly unable to endure the attacks, his strength decreasing rapidly.

“Why hasn’t the four old-timers arrived yet!” Tie Ba Xiu kept on running and was already near San Cha mountain, but he still did not see any signs of the four old-timers.

The path they chose was too hidden. And to prevent news from leaking out, they had intentionally departed two days earlier.

These setup instead became an obstruction now for Tie Ba Xiu.

Tie Ba Xiu was very passive now, the injuries on his body continuously accumulated and turned from light to heavy injuries.

Beast phantoms were starting to pose more of a threat to him and it was becoming hard for him move forward!

Tie Ruo Nan had become the greatest burden to him; she kept on struggling and Tie Ba Xiu had no choice but to knock her unconscious and run while carrying her in his arm.

“We are already close to the foot of the mountain, I just need to hold on for a while.” Tie Ba Xiu’s body was shaking and his vision was already a scene of blurriness.

“Is he really going to escape? Damn it!” Fang Yuan’s face was gloomy as he saw this from the air. He started making more ferocious and continuous attacks, his offense surging like a tidal wave.

As they were near San Cha mountain, Gu Masters started appearing the surroundings.

“There is a battle going on, it is little beast king!”

“Heavens, did I see wrong? The one being pursued seems to be ‘present age overlord’, a cornerstone of Tie clan, Tie Ba Xiu!”

“Little beast king is defying heaven, he is actually chasing the rank four upper stage Tie Ba Xiu!”

 …

The Gu Masters that saw the battle were all flabbergasted and incomparably shocked.

Some righteous Gu Masters felt their hearts go cold when they saw Tie Ba Xiu being chased, running away like a pathetic dog who fell into the water.

“Big brother Li Xian, why has little beast king still not appeared? We have been waiting here for such a long time, is your information reliable?” From a dark corner, Hu Mei Er looked at the purple light barrier in front of her and yawned in boredom.

In the light barrier formed by iron cabinet Gu, Bai Ning Bing was still trapped by the four old-timers of Tie clan.

“There is no problem with my information, let’s wait a bit more.” Li Xian said that but he muttered in his heart, ‘This should not be happening, I have already told the news of Tie clan’s reinforcements to him. How could he still restrain himself? Could it be, he is really going to leave Bai Ning Bing in the lurch?”

If little beast king really did not appear, such heartlessness made even Li Xian terrified when he thought of it. But if he came to rescue her, both sides would suffer, and the benefits in such a chaotic battlefield would be huge.

Just as the two were talking in whispers, they heard some clamor.

“What is going on?” Hu Mei Er puzzledly turned her head to look, but the moment she saw the sight, her puzzled expression quickly became sluggish and after a while, it turned into shock!

The person whom she had been painfully waiting for appeared and even appeared while ostentatiously flying in the air.

Wait a second…

The person that little beast king is chasing looks a bit familiar?

“Wha… what the f*ck, it is Tie Ba Xiu. The ‘present age overlord’ from Tie clan is being chased! So little beast king went to intercept the reinforcement!” Li Xian stared tongue-tied at this pursuit and could not help but curse.

At the same time as his realization, he felt extreme shock and bewilderment.

“Little beast king actually went to intercept the Tie clan reinforcement, how can he have such guts? Is he crazy! No, he is not crazy, he won the fight and is now chasing Tie Ba Xiu!”

Tie Ba Xiu was rank four upper stage but his battle prowess surpassed that level, even common rank four peak stage Gu Masters were not his match. Even on San Cha mountain, among the five rank four peak stage Gu Masters, only Yi Huo would be able to contend with this ‘present age overlord’.

However, right now, Tie Ba Xiu was actually being chased by little beast king and in such a sorry state.

“Oh god, am I hallucinating?” Someone grabbed his head and looked with an incredulous expression.

“This world is too crazy, it is changing so quickly…” Someone muttered with a dull expression in his eyes.

“Fortunately, I haven’t gone against little beast king!” Li Xian felt fortunate, but immediately felt fear, “No, I still need to be cautious when dealing with Fang Zheng, this guy cannot be assessed using common sense.”

“In such a short time, he advanced to rank four middle stage and is also able to fly?!” Hu Mei Er kept her hand over her heart, extremely shocked at this abnormal growth speed of Fang Yuan.

“Demonic path’s scoundrel!”

“Quick, we need to rescue them, that is Tie Ba Xiu!!”

Tie clan’s four old-timers also sensed the situation and immediately revoked iron cabinet Gu and hurried to rescue. As for the trapped Bai Ning Bing or whatever, they stopped caring.

But unfortunately, they were still late by a step.

“I was still a step too slow…” Tie Ba Xiu felt extremely bitter, his eyes were blurry, the pain from the wounds all over his body had already made him numb, and the heavy injuries had already increased so much that he was in a near death state now.

He protected Tie Ruo Nan all the way and did not let even one attack reach her.

“Such a pity that this little beast king did not come down to fight in close combat. Otherwise, I would have killed him!” Tie Ba Xiu felt very regretful, he had a trump card that he had not revealed. However, Fang Yuan acted cautiously the whole time, never flying down and only attacking from the air.

“Ba Xiu, hold on!”

“We are coming to reinforce you.”

The four old-timers of Tie clan shouted together and rushed over rapidly.

“Hahaha, you were just a step away, Tie Ba Xiu, you have failed!” Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed loudly, a rock crocodile phantom fell down with an explosive sound, sending Tie Ba Xiu rolling on the ground.

Tie clan’s four old-timers were rushing over and were extremely near, but this small gap was like the distance between clouds and mud.

“It is over.” Fang Yuan’s expression was cold as he pointed and made the fatal attack.

“No, not yet. Iron cabinet Gu!” Tie Ba Xiu used his final remaining energy and placed his palm on Tie Ruo Nan’s back.

A square shaped iron cabinet quickly formed and tightly sealed Tie Ruo Nan.

Beast phantom attacked, ripping Tie Ba Xiu into pieces, but the iron cabinet was firm as ever and Tie Ruo Nan who was inside was unscathed.

At the crucial moment, Tie Ba Xiu gave his final chance of survival to Tie Ruo Nan.

“Ba Xiu!” Tie clan’s four old-timers howled in anger and grief, they reached the scene but were late by a step.

“Little beast king, our Tie clan will not rest till you die!” The four old-timers stared at Fang Yuan, wishing they could bite him to death.

“Eh? Is that so… I fought against seven Tie clansmen this time, six including Tie Ba Xiu lost their lives by my hands. You four old-timers also want to deal with me? Then fly over and fight me.” Fang Yuan laughed coldly, a dangerous look appeared in his eyes that made people avoid his gaze.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 364: Soaring Reputation! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Heavens, little beast king fought against seven, but actually won!”

“Even ‘present age overlord’ lost his life.”

“The number one rising star, he is this generation’s number one star of the demonic path!”

There was an uproar in the crowd, many discussed and whispered to each other.

Tie clan’s four old-timers released their aura and started attacking one after another. However, Fang Yuan flapped his wings and lightly evaded them, his nimbleness causings gasps of amazement in the crowd.

“You old-timers, I have still not settled the score with you for trapping me.” Bai Ning Bing slowly walked over with a grim expression. She casted a glance at Fang Yuan; her gaze hiding complex feelings.

In these days when she was trapped, Fang Yuan had grown so much!

Not only had his cultivation advanced to middle stage, he also held such skilled flying techniques. Looking at this control, Southern Border now had one more flying expert, how did he manage to accomplish all this?

Bai Ning Bing had once thought of training her flying skills. However, the matter regarding flying was too troublesome; the amount of practice needed was huge and at the same time, it was very time-consuming and needed a long period of grinding. The amount of energy spent was huge but would provide little results in a short period. Bai Ning Bing thus did not do it.

She had never expected Fang Yuan to be able to train his flying ability to such a level without any signs or words!

This was surpassing all common sense!

“Could it be that he had some mystical encounter in three kings inheritance?” Bai Ning Bing naturally considered this point.

In truth, there was no need for Fang Yuan to explain it, many people would connect his performance to three kings inheritance.

With Tie clan’s four old-timers revoking iron cabinet Gu, Bai Ning Bing was free.

Now, with the coordination of Fang and Bai, the situation had become extremely dangerous.

The four old-timers were on their guard, tightly protecting Tie Ruo Nan’s iron cabinet Gu in the center and guarding against Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

Fang Yuan felt somewhat unresigned as he looked at the iron cabinet Gu.

Tie Ba Xiu had failed at the last moment while retreating. And Fang Yuan had also failed at last step while chasing them because he was not able to claim Tie Ruo Nan’s life. No doubt, she was a threat.

“But without Tie Ruo Nan, I could not have killed Tie Ba Xiu so easily. At this point, I can only let it go.” Fang Yuan revealed increasing killing intent on outside, but his battle intent was already dispersing.

He had been engaged in intense battle and the primeval essence in his aperture was already inadequate, while Tie clan’s four old-timers were in perfect condition.

At the same time, there were too many spectators, many wolves were preying in the dark and gain some benefits. Even Li Xian had such plans let alone others.

‘It is time to stop.’ Fang Yuan heaved a sigh inwardly before shouting in a clear voice, “Tie clan’s four old-timers, my partner killed one of your clansmen and you trapped her till now. I have killed six of your clansmen, how long will you trap me?”

Tie clan’s four old-timers’ eyes twitched when they heard this clear provocation.

“Little beast king, don’t go too far! You killed our Tie clansmen, killed Elder Ba Xiu and chased Tie clan’s young master; you are already our Tie clan’s sworn enemy. I hereby swear, I shall use the rest of my life and pay any price to capture you and throw you inside Demon Suppression Tower, and make sure you suffer endless torment and punishment!” The head of the four old-timers roared in anger.

Although he said so, he did not dare to act rashly.

The battle prowess little beast king revealed greatly shocked him. And if you add Bai Ning Bing on top of that…

“Hahaha, alright. Since it is so, then I shall also view Tie clan as my sworn enemy! From now on, as long as it is a Tie clansman, I will kill one if I see one and will kill two if I see two!” Fang Yuan laughed wildly before flapping his wings and leaving.

Under the disappointed gazes of many Gu Masters that had ulterior motives, he left of his own accord.

Bai Ning Bing also left.

The outcome of this battle spread over the whole San Cha mountain at lightning speed.

What kind of place was San Cha mountain at present?

It was a place where three kings inheritance appeared; a place which was paid attention to by countless clans, righteous path members and demonic path members.

Soon after that, the battle report of Fang Yuan taking on seven Tie clansmen by himself and killing Tie Ba Xiu was spread throughout the whole Southern Border.

Fang Yuan’s reputation soared!

 …

“This kid actually killed Tie Ba Xiu? Is this news reliable?”

In Yan clan, when young master Yan Jun heard this report from his subordinate, he almost did not dare to believe his ears.

Who was Tie Ba Xiu?

He had been famous for a long time and was known as the ‘present age overlord’. He possessed earth overlord Gu and had a fighting strength that surpassed normal rank four peak stage!

He was a cornerstone of Tie clan, one of the top clans, and was an expert who could take charge of a region by himself.

But he was actually chased and killed by little beast king Fang Zheng, a junior that only had rank four middle stage cultivation?

“This little beast king can surpass realms to battle and killed Tie Ba Xiu. Who in the world is he? I have never heard of him before.” Yan Jun asked with a frown.

His subordinate quickly reported: “Young master, you entered an Immemorial Era’s phantom path inheritance and was in closed cultivation for five years, not knowing about Fang Zheng is also normal. This person is only around twenty years old and is a genius rising star of the demonic path that only came to fame in the recent years…”

 …

“Little beast king Fang Zheng? The youngsters these days are really terrifying! The new waves are constantly replacing the old waves, while the old waves die by the shore. Tsk tsk…”

In a forest, Feng Tian Yu slowly walked forward while thinking of the news he had just received, mixed within his sighs was a trace of fiery passion.

“I heard the reason little beast king could grasp flying methods and grow up so quick was because he received some benefits from three kings inheritance! Three kings inheritance…”

Feng Tian Yu thought of this and felt a desire to immediately rush towards San Cha mountain.

He was a famous refinement path Gu Master in Southern Border. King Xin Inheritance perfectly matched him.

 …

“Fang Zheng actually fought against seven and killed six Tie clansmen including Tie Ba Xiu?!” As one of the five great experts of Shang clan, the moment Elder Yi Huo came out from inheritance, he received this incredulous news.

Tie Ba Xiu’s fighting strength was equal to his. Fang Yuan was able to kill Tie Ba Xiu, does that mean Fang Yuan could similarly kill him?

How could this be?

But the cold hard truth overruled all doubts and claims!

After Yi Huo found out even more details, he slowly came to an understanding: “So he has learnt flying and can use it in battle. No wonder he was able to fight against seven and kill Tie Ba Xiu…”

To Gu Masters, grasping flying methods and being able to use them in battle meant their fighting strength would soar qualitatively.

Humans were creatures that walked on ground and did not have wings. Even Ren Zu did not have ability to fly. Being able to fly by itself was a miracle in defiance of heaven.

If one could fly, then the encirclement tactics on the ground would possess almost no threat.

The wide sky would become the stage that allowed the flying Gu Masters to travel freely. They could attack and defend, advance and retreat; firmly grasping control of the battle.

There were famous flying Gu Masters in Southern Border; Fei You Wang, Lan Mei He and Hong Fei Yu. They were feared by people, battling with them was extremely troublesome and no one wished to make an enemy out of them.

Yi Huo had deep impression of flying Gu Masters.

Because there was a perfect example near him, that was Wei Yang.

Wei Yang was called light swordsman, he could evade as fast as light and quick as lightning. He was also a flying Gu Master!

His aptitude was inadequate and only had rank three peak stage cultivation, but he was able to become a major figure of Shang clan, one of the five experts and was equally famous as Yi Huo, a rank four peak stage Gu Master!

Once, Yi Huo had felt it was a disgrace to be listed together with Wei Yang in the five experts, thus he challenged him to a fight. The result was depressing for him, Wei Yang moved around the battlefield unobstructed, and he could simply do nothing to him!

“If we only look at flying speed, Wei Yang can be said to be the number one in Southern Border, little beast king cannot compare to him. Recently with clan leader’s help, Wei Yang has advanced to rank four…”

Yi Huo felt the pressure in his mind increasing by a layer as he thought of this.

The five great experts of Shang clan were not a united group, they each had their respective factions and were always contending against each other.

Yi Huo accepted the command to come to San Cha mountain in order to establish great merits and become a clansman of Shang clan, obtaining the resources within Shang clan’s living treasure door and advance one step to become a rank five Gu Master!

“Fang Yuan’s battle strength increased greatly with the ability to fly while that Tie Ba Xiu is weak at long range battle and was also concerned about Tie Ruo Nan, thus being killed by little beast king. If we talk of true battle prowess, Tie Ba Xiu surpasses little beast king. It is a pity I cannot recruit little beast king anymore!” Yi Huo felt extremely regretful when he understood this.

The battle prowess Fang Yuan displayed might not equal his, but with flying methods, Yi Huo also could not do anything to him.

Forcing little beast king simply would not work. Instead, it would ruin his reputation since Fang Yuan was Shang clan’s purple thorn esteemed guest.

Besides this, there was also another reason: Tie clan.

Little beast king had now serious offended Tie clan!

The losses to Tie clan were huge and they would certainly deal with little beast king, there was no room for compromising. Moreover, Fang Yuan proclaimed in an extremely arrogant tone in front of everyone that he would kill Tie clansmen if he saw them.

If Yi Huo really recruited little beast king, it would be equal to offending Tie clan.

Tie clan was also a top clan like Shang clan, a major party of the righteous path. At that time, Yi Huo would have to endure pressure from both Tie clan and Shang clan’s higher-ups.

 …

“Little beast king definitely grasped some secrets of the three kings inheritance! Otherwise, how could he suddenly gain such profound flying techniques?!” Li Xian was sitting on his seat, his eyes narrowed to a slit, sharp light flickering endlessly inside them.

He had all the details regarding Fang Yuan. However, Fang Yuan suddenly grasping flying methods was simply inconceivable and broke all common sense.

“Even if he bitterly trained in Shang clan city, it is not possible that there were not even a single trace of information about it. Also, he was only there for a few years, how could he have such such a powerful flying tool? Could it be…” Hu Mei Er also pondered from the side.

“Three kings inheritance!” A ray of divine light seemed to pass through his mind and caused Li Xian to blurt out.

In a split second —

The matter about little beast king earning huge profits at Shang clan city by relying on information about three kings inheritance…

The matter of him intentionally delaying the rescue of Bai Ning Bing and entering three kings inheritance…

And also all of the battle gains he brought out from the inheritance each time…

All these events converged in Li Xian’s mind and formed a clear clue — little beast king definitely held some secrets about the three kings inheritance. The time flow inside three kings inheritance was different from the outside world, it was a Gu Immortal blessed land! The reason he could grasp flying methods was definitely due to three kings inheritance!

“That must be it, Fang Zheng holds the secrets of three kings inheritance!” Hu Mei Er also came to a realization. Her thought of charming Fang Yuan and making him become her sexual slave suddenly became even more appealing.

Fang Yuan had his previous life memories and naturally grasped the secrets of three kings inheritance. In this secret discussion, Li Xian and Hu Mei Er had accidentally speculated the truth.

“The problem is since we know this, how do we obtain even more benefits? Little beast king has already grown and even Tie Ba Xiu fell by his hands, he is not someone we can go against.” Li Xian clicked his tongue as his thoughts moved rapidly.

“We cannot, but it doesn’t mean others cannot. Humans can be instigated, hehehe.” Hu Mei Er laughed coquettishly.

“Are you saying we should leak this information?” Li Xian slightly pondered over it before suddenly slapping his thigh, “Excellent plan, it is an excellent plan!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 365: Hu Immortal Blessed Land opens 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Back at Shang Liang mountain, Fang Yuan could only be said to have made small name for himself. But after the battle with Tie Ba Xiu, his name spread throughout the Southern Border and truly rose up to fame, becoming a famous demonic path genius.

This news attracted attention from countless people.

Some were experts who had been in closed cultivation for many years while some were Gu Masters who were roaming the world. He faced both righteous path’s attention and demonic path’s coveting. Fang Yuan had truly charged into their sights.

Some people chose to retreat temporarily like Century Boy. Some like Li Xian and Hu Mei Er were adding fuel to the fire. And some people’s battle intent were stimulated and they directly expressed their intent to challenge.

At once, the winds rose and the clouds began to gather, countless waves moved towards Fang Yuan.

San Cha mountain.

In a certain cave.

Fang and Bai were sitting cross-legged. Fang Yuan’s palms were placed on Bai Ning Bing’s back as he transferred his primeval essence.

In Bai Ning Bing’s aperture, essence gold primeval essence fell down into her primeval sea like a waterfall, causing many waves.

The waves surged continuously in the primeval sea and constantly cleansed the aperture walls.

Fang Yuan was rank four middle stage and possessed bright golden primeval essence. But with nine eyes liquor worm, his primeval essence was purified into essence gold primeval essence. Right now, he was pouring his primeval essence into Bai Ning Bing’s aperture through bone flesh unity Gu and helped her nourish and strengthen her aperture.

Several hours later, Fang Yuan retracted his palms while Bai Ning Bing slowly opened her eyes.

Her expression was tranquil.

She did not show a trace of gratitude to Fang Yuan for rescuing her, and also did not show a trace of anger for his procrastination.

She was very tranquil as if she had never even been trapped.

However, in the depths of her heart, she felt extremely complicated.

For a long time now, she had been above Fang Yuan in terms of cultivation. But right now, she had instead become the beneficiary of bone flesh unity Gu.

Essence gold primeval essence gave her huge assistance. After all, she was still at rank four initial stage.

“It seems cultivating together with Fang Yuan isn’t so bad…” The moment this thought appeared, Bai Ning Bing extinguished it in a flash.

She slowly stood up and spoke with coldness in her voice like she was taking joy in Fang Yuan’s misfortune: “Have you heard of the recent rumors? Many people are saying you hold the great secret of three kings inheritance. You did not know any flying methods before but received it from three kings inheritance. Hehe, you need to watch out. Tie clan is furious and has publicly proclaimed you as their enemy, their arrest warrant for you has already spread over the Southern Border.”

Fang Yuan indifferently replied while remaining seated: “Hehe, is there anyone who doesn’t know about our relationship? Since Tie clan is coming after me, you will also be on the hit list.”

“Hmph. Continue your cultivation till midnight, I will stay guard for you. After midnight, we shall switch.” Saying so, Bai Ning Bing walked out.

The current situation, compared to when they had just arrived at San Cha mountain, was much more dangerous. Fang and Bai did their best to cultivate at different times.

In the depths of the cave, Fang Yuan remained alone.

He did not hurriedly cultivate but rather sank into contemplation.

Tie clan’s response was already within his expectations. He killed an elder of Tie clan and also chased their young master; already ruthlessly infringing their bottomline. Tie clan was a top clan, one of the leaders of righteous path, how could they put up with this? Their retaliation would definitely be extremely fierce!

Besides Tie clan, there were also other problems.

Shang clan, Wu clan and others in the righteous path; Hu Mei Er, Li Xian, Century Boy and others in the demonic path.

This was the price for becoming famous!

Fang Yuan made his name from the battle, but it also pushed him towards the eye of the storm and was now watched by countless people. There were undercurrents and probings from all sides, there were even waves that wanted to submerge him, already having converged into a huge whirlpool.

With his previous life’s experience Fang Yuan knew he was facing a test.

If he could escape from this whirlpool, resist the assault of the waves, then he would truly gain a foothold and become a publicly recognized expert of Southern Border.

But if he was swallowed and shredded by this whirlpool, there was no need to mention anything.

“Now, Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng should have already repeatedly infiltrated Demon Suppression Tower and caused a great havoc, Tie clan should already be under huge pressure. If they want to gather their energy to deal with me, it won’t be a matter of a month or two. I can forget about them for now.”

“The rumors outside claiming that I hold the great secret should be Li Xian and Hu Mei Er’s doing. Hmph, I will deal with these two sooner or later. It is just that Li Xian still has a lot of value currently. And behind Hu Mei Er stands rank six Gu Immortal, I need to plan this carefully.”

“Three kings inheritance is a really big cake, I have no way of eating it whole. I can only choose the best parts of it. If I can obtain the essence of the inheritance, like undefeated hundred battles Gu and others, this trip would be a success. My strength will have an enormous boost and it would be extremely helpful in the great battle of Yi Tian mountain.”

Thoughts whirled in Fang Yuan’s mind before he dispersed them and thought of Central Continent.

“Calculating the time, Hu Immortal Inheritance on Tian Ti mountain should have opened. This is a true Gu Immortal blessed land and is many times more precious than three kings inheritance. That Feng Jin Huang became a Gu Immortal all due to this inheritance and became a figure whose name would shake the world in the future…”

Meanwhile in Central Continent, at the foot of Tian Ti mountain.

The elite disciples that came from the ten great sects of Central Continent gathered together.

In the crowd, the real Gu Yue Fang Zheng softly let out a breath of turbid air, the great competition that lasted for months was finally over.

Several months ago, the ten great sects sent an order at the same time to organize a great competition for these elite disciples to determine the rankings.

Central Continent’s ten sects contained the strongest inheritances. This generation of elite disciples were all dragons among men, children of heaven. Even the worst disciples among them had one or two trump cards.

Because of Fairy Bi Xia, Gu Yue Fang Zheng did not have an easy time.

In the great competition, many of his opponents showed deep hostility and made heavy-handed attacks. Fortunately, Fang Zheng had deep foundation, possessing an ironbeak flying crane group and also had the guidance of Lord Sky Crane who was inside the spirit incubating flea; these allowed him to struggle through each round and obtain a rather high ranking.

Right now, in the sky of Tian Ti mountain, ten formless Gu Immortal divine consciousness were quietly communicating.

“This generation of elite disciples are also ordinary in general. But there are finally some excellent juniors.”

“Hmm… Spirit Butterfly Valley’s Xiao Qi Xing is pretty good. If I am not wrong, he should be the great-grandson of Xiao Bai Hong, right?”

“Myriad Dragon Dock’s Ying Sheng Ji is also very outstanding, Long Nǚ has taught him well.”

“Hehehe, you are too kind. Your granddaughter Feng Jin Huang is the truly outstanding one, none of her peers can match her attack.”

“Are you all going to keep on flattering each other? Let’s cooperate and completely open this Hu Immortal Inheritance!”

“Alright, alright.”

“Then let’s strike together.”

“Rise!”

Ten formless powers surged out from the void, majestic and boundless like tsunami or mountain torrent!

The world changed, wind rose and clouds rumbled.

The ten powers revolved around each other before converging together and colliding against a certain place on Tian Ti mountain.

There was no sound, the terrifying formless power vanished like thin air. Golden rays of light blossomed and a vermillion gatehouse slowly rose up.

The gatehouse was a hundred feet tall with a nine colored plaque on it shining brilliantly.

In the air, pink propitious clouds gathered and bright rays of sunlight gathered to become a flight of stairs.

The stairs stretched out from the gatehouse and became a rainbow bridge, landing exactly before the group of elite disciples.

“Enter according to the ranking of the competition.” An ethereal voice came from the air and clearly resounded in the ten sects’ disciples’ ears.

This was the voice of a Gu Immortal.

All kinds of expressions appeared on the ten sects’ disciples’ faces; awe, reverence, zealotry and so on. Most of their gazes gathered on a girl.

She was wearing a phoenix coronet, had slanted eyes, her golden brows were thin and long and there was was a small red birthmark in the middle of her brows. Her appearance was dignified and graceful, and her beauty was unrivalled.

She was the winner of the first place in this great competition – Feng Jin Huang!

This girl was magnificent and brilliant, her skin was like snow and her eyes were like lightning. Like the phoenix that soared through the skies, she was elegant and pure, arrogantly looking at the world. When compared to her, the elite disciples around her seemed to have turned into ordinary sparrows.

Fang Zheng had fought with her, but was defeated in just six moves.

Hearing the Gu Immortal’s voice, Feng Jin Huang gave a clear whistle and turned into a golden light, shooting forward.

The golden light became a phoenix and collided into the gatehouse; the vermillion gatehouse shook and opened a void that swallowed Feng Jin Huang.

After Feng Jin Huang, Xiao Qi Xing, Ying Sheng Ji and others entered Hu Immortal Inheritance one after another.

After twenty to thirty disciples entered, it was Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s turn.

Fang Zheng walked through the rainbow bridge and entered the gatehouse. He immediately felt dizzy, colors rotated around to form a whirlpool in front of him, dazzling like the blossoming of all sorts of flowers; he felt like he was drifting in a gorgeous hurricane storm.

“Heeheehee…” A cute and young girl suddenly appeared in his sight.

“You are also another fated person that wants to inherit Hu Immortal Inheritance? In a moment, you will see a mountain. Only the first person that ascends to the peak can obtain me. You need to work hard. Those people that entered before you have already taken a huge lead. Heeheehee…” The girl was wearing rainbow colored clothes, on her back was a snow white fox tail that was moving mischievously, she had large and round eyes that showed her innocence.

“You, who are you?” Fang Zheng was startled and puzzled, he was unable to make sense of this Gu Immortal’s place, how could a girl appear here.

“Heehee, so it is a stupid boy.” The girl said and mischievously extended her tender and fair little finger, and softly touched Fang Zheng’s forehead.

Then, just like how she had appeared, she suddenly disappeared.

From this slight touch, Fang Zheng’s body that had been light as a feather recovered its weight and suddenly started falling down.

“Aahhh!” A strong feeling of weightlessness spread over Fang Zheng, and he subconsciously screamed.

He wanted to activate his Gu worms, but to his horror, his whole aperture was locked in by a formless force, making him unable to use the powers of Gu.

“Could it be that I, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, am going to die at this place, dying by falling, having such an absurd death?!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 366: Land Spirit 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Thud.

A dull sound echoed with dust flying everywhere.

Fang Zheng fell flat on his face on the ground.

Although he fell from a high altitude, it was only for a short time before he landed, thus he survived.

“Spit spit spit!” Fang Zheng sprawled on the ground and spitted grass and mud out of his mouth, a sore pain spreading throughout his body as he felt stifled.

“Where is this?” He took slow, deep breaths and stood up awkwardly before looking at his surroundings.

It was a scenery of green, Fang Zheng felt like he was in a grassland. The grass rustled with the light wind and countless flowers of all colors formed a tapestry that spread to the horizon.

Far away, there was a tall and precipitous crystal mountain.

The crystal mountain was half-translucent and was pink like a scene from dreams.

From his position, Fang Zheng could clearly see human silhouettes climbing the mountain. Compared the the crystal mountain, these figures were very small like ants.

“The first person to ascend to the peak will obtain Hu Immortal Inheritance!” Suddenly, Fang Zheng recalled the mysterious girl’s words.

Who was that mysterious little girl?

Could they really inherit Hu Immortal Inheritance by climbing this mountain?

While Fang Zheng was indulging in his doubts, Lord Sky Crane’s anxious voice appeared from inside him: “Stupid disciple, what are you still hesitating for? Quickly go climb that Dang Hun mountain!”

“Master!” Fang Zheng was both startled and happy, “Who was that little girl? And, why can’t I use any Gu?”

“Get a move on already, grasp every second. I will explain to you, listen properly!” Lord Sky Crane hurriedly explained —

“Hu Immortal Inheritance is not a small matter, it is an intact Gu Immortal Inheritance. There can only be one inheritor, whoever obtains it will soar to the top and will have a huge chance to become an immortal. As for the others, they will obtain no benefits or rewards. The little girl you saw just before is the Hu Immortal Inheritance. As long as you ascend to the peak first, you will become her master and obtain the Gu Immortal Inheritance.”

Fang Zheng ran while gazing at the peak.

He had lived in Southern Border and there were many mountains there, he naturally knew the logic of the mountain ‘appearing close but was actually very far away’.

“Master, I am very far away from this crystal mountain while they are already climbing it. The gap is too huge. I also cannot use movement Gu, how can I win?”

Lord Sky Crane snorted: “Ignorant! This is Hu Immortal blessed land, this place is not like anything else! Although Hu Immortal has already passed away, her will still exists. Your movement Gu has already been sealed by Hu Immortal’s will, naturally you can’t use it. Others are also the same, they can’t use any Gu. You can only rely on your own physical strength to ascend to the peak and finish this test.”

Fang Zheng could not help being dispirited: “I can’t use movement Gu and there is such a huge gap, how can I catch up to them? Strange, we entered the gatehouse one after another, how could the gap be so huge?”

Lord Sky Crane laughed: “This is a Gu Immortal blessed land, the time flow here is different. A day in the outside world is five days here. You guys entered the gatehouse one by one and the time difference was short. But once you enter here, the time difference is suddenly pulled apart. Otherwise, why would there be the great competition to decide the ranking? Each rank represents a certain advantage. The last ranked person basically doesn’t have any hope to win.”

“So it was like that.” Fang Zheng only then realized the importance of obtaining a good ranking in the great competition.

Unfortunately, he lacked power and his strength could not compare to others.

The ten great sects were the heads of Central Continent, they had a lot of hidden talents with extremely profound foundations. Even Southern Border’s top clans could not compare to them. In this generation of elite disciples, disciples like Fang Zheng, Fairy Bi Xia, Gu Ting and Wei Wu Shang were only second tier.

The first tier were disciples like Feng Jin Huang, Ying Sheng Ji and Xiao Qi Xing. They had powerful background and the support of Gu Immortals. From the very start, they received meticulous nurturing. A huge amount of resources were provided to them, with them never lacking anything, and occasionally, Gu Immortal level existences would personally instruct and guide them in their cultivation.

Comparatively speaking, Fang Zheng was only a countryside boy. Although he had some fortuitous encounters, they could not compare to the support of Gu Immortals.

“My ranking is not high, I can’t do anything about. I already given my best in the great competition, almost all of my ironbeak flying cranes have died.” Fang Zheng felt regret and also helplessness.

As he kept on thinking, he suddenly felt something amiss.

“Master, since Gu worms cannot be used here, how come you are able to talk to me? Master, you still had this secret, you are really amazing!”

“Hahaha…” Lord Sky Crane could not help but laugh loudly, “Stupid disciple, you finally realized this? But you are overestimating your master. I was only a rank five while alive and after death, my soul is residing in the spirit incubating flea, I have nothing left. The reason I can talk to you is because of our Immortal Crane Sect’s Supreme Elder Lord He Feng Yang! Fang Zheng, you need to remember, in this world, only Gu Immortals can contend with Gu Immortals.”

“Supreme Elder He Feng Yang?” Fang Zheng was filled with shock, Immortal Crane Sect had many Gu Immortals. Among them was He Feng Yang, to think he would be somewhat involved with him.

Lord Sky Crane meaningfully said: “Fang Zheng, Hu Immortal Inheritance is not a small matter, it has a land spirit. That is to say, this blessed land has its own will! Even a Gu Immortal can’t get through force. Land spirits are innocent and stubborn, inheriting their original master’s obsession. If a Gu Immortal forcefully attacks, even if the land spirit can’t resist it, it could choose to self-destruct and destroy the blessed land. The Gu Master that made the forceful attack would also suffer injuries in vain and would have disastrous losses, and all their efforts would become futile. Thus, they sent you elite disciples.”

“In this great competition, Feng Jin Huang from Spirit Affinity House is truly amazing! This girl could be said to be a genius among geniuses, arrogantly looking down at the crowd, a phoenix among people. Your strength is inadequate and it is normal for you to be defeated by her. But our Immortal Crane Sect has not necessarily lost. You are our Immortal Crane Sect’s hope for reversal!”

“Me?” Fang Zheng could not help opening his eyes wide as he had never expected there to be such a huge hope entrusted to him.

He suddenly realized.

This contest for Hu Immortal Inheritance looked like a contest among the elite disciples of the ten sects, but actually was the battle between the ten great sects. Disciples like him were the chess pieces while the Gu Immortals of the ten sects were the players; they arranged the pieces from behind the scenes and contested against each other.

And he himself was the ignorant secret weapon chosen by the Immortal Crane Sect.

“Master, isn’t the sect having too much expectations for me? I can’t use any Gu now, how can I be the winner?”

“Hehehe…” Lord Sky Crane proudly laughed, “Fang Zheng, do you know what this crystal mountain is? This is the Dang Hun mountain in the legends of Ren Zu.

“Dang Hun mountain!” Fang Zheng gave a startled cry.

Legends of Ren Zu had spread over the world, Fang Zheng naturally knew of this famous Dang Hun mountain.

Lord Sky Crane continued: “As long as any living creatures enter the range of Dang Hun mountain, their soul would receive a shock. The closer they get to the peak, the stronger the force of the shock would be. Many living beings don’t have strong souls and their soul would often scatter when they reach halfway up the mountain.”

“Naturally, this is a righteous path inheritance and isn’t as dangerous as a demonic path inheritance. Dang Hun mountain’s might has already been suppressed by the land spirit, giving you elite disciples a chance of ascending to the peak. If someone is unable to continue, they would be sent out by the land spirit. That is to say, there is no risk to your lives.”

Lord Sky Crane’s tone became solemn: “Fang Zheng, the thing I am about to say is very important, listen carefully!”

“You experienced the destruction of your entire clan at a young age and the killer was your own big brother. You are determined to take revenge and your will is firm. Surviving this terrible event had tempered your soul to become stronger than your peers. But there is still a gap when compared to people like Feng Jin Huang and Xiao Qi Xing.”

“But you don’t need to be dejected, the ingenuity of Lord He Feng Yang’s plan lies here. He used secret methods to resuscitate Spirit Incubating Flea. Next, I will use my soul to support you and push you towards the peak of Dang Hun mountain!”

Lord Sky Crane was a rank five Gu Master, he had gone through innumerable difficulties throughout his life and at the same time with his long age, he had gained plentiful experience and the strength of his soul naturally far surpassed the disciples like Feng Jin Huang and Xiao Qi Xing.

These geniuses might be at their prime with limitless future prospects, but right now, the foundation of their soul could not compare to Lord Sky Crane.

Fang Zheng was both happy and worried: “With master’s help, I have a chance at winning. But if we cheat like this, won’t it be unfair? If other Gu Immortals discover it, what would we do?”

Lord Sky Crane snorted and reprimanded: “Stupid kid, this is not cheating but ability and talent. We are obtaining the Gu Immortal Inheritance with our ability and talent. This is fair! Don’t worry, behind you is Immortal Crane Sect, and with Lord He Feng Yang protecting you, other Gu Immortals won’t act against you. Moreover, Gu Immortals can’t enter the blessed land. If they enter the blessed land, they will suffer the counterattack from the land spirit, thus even if they discover some clues, they can only watch helplessly! Hahaha!”

“The land spirit is so amazing? Even Gu Immortals are not its match?” Fang Yuan felt surprised.

“One side will go all out while the other side has to restrain themselves… Moreover, land spirit has blended in with the blessed land, and in the blessed land, land spirit is an immortal deity able to control the whole blessed land. Controlling the land spirit means controlling the blessed land.” Lord Sky Crane laughed.

Realization dawned upon Fang Zheng: “Ah! I understand, that little girl we saw is the land spirit!”

“Hahaha!” Lord Sky Crane laughed, “Disciple, you aren’t so stupid after all, finally realizing it. That’s right, that little girl is Hu Immortal land spirit. Now charge forward bravely. This Dang Hun mountain is extremely difficult to climb, it would at least take a year or so. Just in case, I won’t speak much from now and will only secretly help you. With my help, you have at least eighty percent chance of seizing Hu Immortal Inheritance! As long as you get the Hu Immortal Inheritance, you can rise rapidly, turning from beggar to tycoon and become fat from just one bite. This is ascending to the heavens in one step!”

“I understand, master! I will do my very best and not disappoint you!” Fang Zheng’s fierce eyes flashed with a firm and courageous light.

“Go, the whole Immortal Crane Sect is looking at you.” Lord Sky Crane spurred Fang Zheng on with one sentence and made his blood boil.

Fang Zheng felt extremely energetic!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 367: It is not easy to be a godfather these days 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Several months later.

Southern Border, San Cha mountain.

In a spacious cave lighted with bright lights, a huge banquet was being held where Gu Masters drank and gambled, and fragrance of various dishes permeated the air.

“Come, come, come, everyone, eat and drink to your fill, no need to feel uncomfortable!” Century Boy was sitting on the main seat; he looked around and greeted everyone with a loud voice.

Century Boy was wearing a black robe and looked like a tender boy but was actually over hundred and eighty years old.

In this world, under normal circumstances, a human’s lifespan was only around a hundred years. If one wanted to increase their lifespan, the best method was to find lifespan Gu.

However, lifespan Gu were extremely rare and thus difficult to find.

Humans were the spirit of all living beings, who would mind having a long life? Thus, they thought of many other methods.

Century Boy was one such example, although he did not find lifespan Gu, he possessed return to childhood Gu, which accumulated his lifeforce and slowly released them, gaining the effect of longevity.

The disadvantage of this method was his body and appearance were fixed to have a child’s physique.

Century Boy had rank four upper stage cultivation and at the same time possessed over a hundred and eighty years of experience, he was truly a part of the senior generation of demonic path.

He had become astute with age and had visited a lot of places. He liked holding feasts and entertaining all kinds of people. Sometimes, he also gave pointers to some newcomers and imparted some of his experience. In the demonic path, he had the reputation of guiding the younger generation.

Some demonic Gu Masters who received his pointers recognized him as their godfather. As time passed, Century Boy had gathered a whole group of godsons and goddaughters, forming a rather enormous force.

Among those participating in the banquet today, many were his godsons and goddaughters. There were also distinguished guests like Rock Lizard Li Qiang and Fiery Star Bao Tong; they were all famous demonic path figures and could not be underestimated.

“Shang clan’s Yi Huo is truly powerful, he suppressed the other four rank four peak stage experts. Currently on San Cha mountain, no one wants to fight him.”

“Gu refinement grandmaster Feng Tian Yu has arrived and has agreed to refine Gu for Yi Huo. I am not sure what Gu he is refining but Yi Huo’s fighting strength is sure to become more powerful.”

In the banquet, the most talked discussion was naturally about the current situation of San Cha mountain.

Yi Huo came from Shang clan and represented the righteous path. His power and influence was huge, suppressing all the demonic Gu Masters on San Cha mountain; they could not even fight properly as they were fearful.

“Yi Huo might be strong, but he is only rank four peak stage. If Tie Ba Xiu was still alive, he could definitely contend with him and Yi Huo would not have been in such a bright limelight like now.”

The moment Tie Ba Xiu was mentioned, everyone inevitably thought of Fang Yuan.

“A few days ago, Little Beast King killed Yu Cang; this is the fourth strength path Gu Master he has killed in just this month.” Someone whispered.

Yu Cang was a strength path Gu Master and was from Yu clan which was a small-middle sized clan.

Ever since Fang Yuan killed Tie Ba Xiu, his momentum increased tremendously and he looked for trouble again and again, killing both demonic path and righteous path Gu Masters. This awe-inspiring fierce and brutal name shook San Cha mountain.

Century Boy’s ears twitched, and his expression turned unsightly when his keen sense heard ‘little beast king’.

Fang Yuan killed Sky Tiger Xue San Si who was his goddaughter. He had been proclaiming he would find trouble with Fang Yuan. However, after Fang Yuan killed Tie Ba Xiu, he immediately gave in and did not talk of Fang Yuan again.

“Hmph! Little Beast King might be strong, but it is because of three kings inheritance. He knows many secrets regarding the inheritance and thus every time he enters the inheritance, his gains are much more than ours. Li Xian, you have made deals with him and know much more about his situation. Is this not the case?” Rock Lizard Li Qiang suddenly spoke loudly.

Li Xian nodded: “Indeed it is so. In these few months, Little Beast King has sold some of the secrets of three kings inheritance many times. The information he gave is mostly correct and has been verified. For example, you can disturb hairy men’s Gu refinement process in the earlier stages of King Xin Inheritance. There are also some of his experiences regarding King Quan Inheritance.”

“Little Beast King definitely knows much more important secrets and is hiding them deep in his heart. His luck has come, he really made it big this time, his strength has been increasing by relying on three kings inheritance. Now, he is one of the most popular candidates to inherit three kings inheritance!” Fiery Star Bao Tong said as he drank wine, his tone filled with admiration and envy.

“Fang Zheng is getting stronger and he has replaced his Gu worms to much better ones as well.”

“In these few months, he and Bai Ning Bing has been moving together, they are simply a pair of wretched murderous couple! These two are villains colluding together, who knows how many have suffered from their treacherous attacks.”

“Little Beast King has extremely big ambitions, from the time he arrived at San Cha mountain to now, he has repeatedly challenged strength path Gu Masters. Recently, he has again claimed to become the number one in strength path and recover the glory of the ancient strength path.”

“Fortunately, I am not a strength path Gu Master….”

Everyone discussed and commented.

Fang Yuan only took the initiative to fight strength path Gu Masters, this caused strength path Gu Masters to be in danger, while Gu Masters of other paths watched on from the side with an attitude of taking joy in others’ misfortune.

Although Fang Yuan’s actions were unbridled, he did not provoke public anger.

On one hand, he was powerful and could also fly; truly not an easy enemy. On another hand, he took the initiative to reveal many information on three kings inheritance which caused many people to fawn upon him. Finally, he only went against strength path Gu Masters, only dealing with people of the same path, and did not blindly provoke other Gu Masters.

“Century Boy, you need to be careful. From what I remember, you are also a strength path Gu Master, right? Fang Zheng, that brute is mean and devious, and completely unreasonable, cruel and tyrannical.” Rock Lizard Li Qiang stared deeply at Century Boy, seemingly persuading him with good intentions.

Century Boy sighed inwardly.

How could he have imagined Fang Yuan to be so violent!

“Sigh, each generation brings forth new geniuses… Nowadays, newcomers are appearing in flocks; a few years ago, there was Mo Wu Tian and now Little Beast King has appeared. This world is becoming increasingly tough, it is not easy to even be a godfather.”

Century Boy thought like that inwardly, but on the surface he was still tough: “Hmph! When heavens want someone dead, it will first make them mad and violent. This Little Beast King is become madder and more violent, he is not far from reaching death’s door. He killed my goddaughter Xue San Si, I will take revenge sooner or later. But there is no need to hurry, wait till three kings inheritance is over and I will slowly settle the scores with him. The important matter is three kings inheritance.”

Saying so, he reminded his godsons and goddaughters present in the banquet: “You guys also need to understand the logic of important things first. Three kings inheritance is an opportunity that seldom appears in a hundred years. You need to grasp it as much as possible or else you will regret it for your lifetime.”

What he meant was: You guys better avoid any conflicts with Little Beast King.

“Godfather is right.”

“Godfather’s words are reasonable and thought-provoking. Revenge is a dish best served cold!”

“This Little Beast King won’t be able to keep bouncing for long, he killed Tie Ba Xue and chased Tie clan’s young master. We will talk after he is hunted down by Tie clan.”

“I heard people saying Tie clansmen have already secretly arrived at San Cha mountain…”

“Godfather, wait till my cultivation reaches rank four, there won’t be a need for godfather to make a move, I will be able to deal with Little Beast King!”

“Little Beast King won’t remain proud for long, under my thunderclap Gu, there won’t even be a corpse left of him!”

 …

These goddaughters and godsons talked one after another; some expressed great loyalty and said they would go through any difficulties for Century Boy. Some even fawned saying it was not worth for Century Boy to deal with Fang Yuan. Some judged the situation and bluntly said Fang Yuan’s joy would not last long.

“Alright, alright, you are my godchildren. It was not in vain for me to have guided you!” Century Boy laughed loudly.

Right at this time, a voice suddenly came in from outside the cave.

“Century Boy, I am Fang Zheng, get out!”

The merrymaking just before, the clamorous banquet suddenly turned into deathly quietness.

Little Beast King!

How could he come find trouble here?!

Everyone’s eyes opened wide and looked at each other in shock.

This was especially the case with Century Boy and his godsons and goddaughters; they were all stupefied and did not know what to do, not daring to utter a word.

“Right, this is Little Beast King’s voice, it seems he really came.” Li Xian held back his smile and broke the silence.

Rock Lizard Li Qiang, Fiery Star Bao Tong and others all put their wine cups down with grave expressions.

Crash! Century Boy smashed his wine cup on the table, then he gritted his teeth and shouted to the outside: “Little Beast King, I am here, what can I do for you?”

Fang Yuan’s voice immediately came from outside the cave: “Hmph, Century Boy, you held such a huge banquet and invited all the heroes, but you actually didn’t invite me? Are you looking down on me? You don’t need to apologize, it is already too late for apologies. Since you are also a strength path Gu Master, then come out and exchange moves with me.”

When Century Boy heard this, he was startled, indignant and furious.

Fang Yuan’s appearance made him startled. Fang Yuan’s brashness made him indignant. And Fang Yuan’s such words that made it seem like Century Boy was really going to apologize made him angry.

However, Century Boy did not want to fight to the death with Fang Yuan. He looked around and shouted with a furious tone: “Little Beast King, don’t be too insolent! You came here to find trouble and have no consideration for anyone, you are simply looking down on all the numerous heroes here. I will tell you honestly, Lord Rock Lizard Li Qiang is here, there is also Lord Fiery Star Bao Tong and also young master Li Xian who is an emerging talent of the demonic path. Are you here to court death?”

With these words, everyone in the banquet had different expressions, inwardly cursing this treacherous Century Boy who wanted to pull them down with him.

However, Fang Yuan said: “Century Boy, you coward, the people you have invited are all heroes, but I can clearly tell you that I came to find trouble. But not with others, I came to find trouble especially with you! I want to recover the glory and the radiance of the ancient strength path. You are a puny coward who is damaging the name of the strength path, come out and accept your death.”

Li Qiang’s grave expression immediately relaxed at these words.

Fang Yuan explained his purpose for coming clearly, it was directed at Century Boy and this let his mind slightly relax.

“I did not think Lord Little Beast King knew our names.” Bao Tong stroked his beard with a satisfied expression.

Li Xian laughed darkly and looked at Century Boy with every intention to watch indifferently from the sidelines.

Century Boy had become astute with age, his expression immediately sunk when he saw everyone’s expressions.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 368: Tearing the boy apart 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

As Fang Yuan scolded over there, Century Boy’s chest was burning with anger, thinking: “Although little beast king is strong, the reason he killed Tie Ba Xiu was due to the flying ability’s advantage. He is so young, I have eaten more salt than he has eaten rice , as long as I focus on defense, and not act recklessly, I will not be in any mortal danger.”

Being in public, Century Boy could only forcefully keep up a facade. If he avoided battle here, the reputation and fame he worked hard to earn for many years would be ruined at once.

“But if I really cannot take it, I can still escape back to the cave. There are so many people here at the banquet, Fang Zheng would not dare to barge in. But what truly angers me is, what these people said earlier were nice words, but at the crucial moment, none of them are dependable!”

Century Boy stared at his godson and goddaughters, feeling upset and disappointed.

Speaking of which, among these godsons and daughters of his, only Xue San Si had the highest cultivation, and was the most outstanding among them, but Fang Yuan killed her already.

“Little beast king, you are too arrogant and overbearing, today I will let you learn that older people are wiser!” Century Boy walked out of the cave, screaming furiously at Fang Yuan.

He looked like a child, but his tone was old and experienced, it was a weird sight.

“Cut the crap, receive my move!” Fang Yuan saw Century Boy walk out and laughed coldly, taking a huge step forward, like a tiger descending the mountain, charging forward with a burst of wind.

All-out effort Gu!

At once, beast phantoms appeared and caused Fang Yuan’s strength to increase sharply.

Bam bam bam…

Sounds of punches and kicks were heavy and continuously.

Outside the cave, two strength path Gu Masters tangled together. They were close range fighters, every attack hit the target as they competed with brute force.

After a while, they had battled over a hundred steps away, everywhere they rampaged through, mountain rocks broke, trees toppled, dust and twigs flew in the air.

The Gu Masters in the banquet had left the cave, watching the battle.

Bitter strength Gu!

Fang Yuan gave up on defending, the more injured he got, the more strength he could exert.

Moo!

Suddenly, there was the sound of a bullcry as a large green bull phantom appeared above his head.

This green bull has a huge body, twice the size of an elephant, its back was raised highly, thick and solid, and full of green moss.

This was the mutated beast kunlun 1 bull, having the same status as Biao, dragon-elephant, thunder boar and rock crocodile!

Fang Yuan exerted the strength of a kunlun bull!

This strike was heavy, as the air exploded, emitting a thunderous roar.

Century Boy was unable to guard in time, sent flying as his tiny body was like a ball, crashing through more than ten trees before stopping.

He coughed out a mouthful of blood, staring fiercely at Fang Yuan.

To think it is the kunlun bull strength, little beast king’s strength rose again!

“Century Boy, I killed your goddaughter Xue San Si, didn’t you want revenge? Today, I will give you the chance.” Fang Yuan smiled mockingly, charging again.

“Little beast king, you are too arrogant, watch this!” Century Boy was red with anger, white smoke coming out of his eyebrows.

He received Fang Yuan’s attack but did not counterattack.

Century Boy was a demonic figure who had lived for over two hundred years, he had his abilities, and many trump cards.

When he truly unleashed his strength, Fang Yuan started to feel pressured, on the verge of falling into a disadvantage.

Strength Qi Gu!

Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s shoulder shrugged, and a trace of strength qi shot out.

Thunder boar phantom entered the strength qi and turned solid, charging towards Century Boy.

Century Boy could only avoid the attack, as Fang Yuan starting attacking furiously behind the thunder boar. Century Boy’s counterattack vanished like smoke.

Fang Yuan’s battle experience became more and more rich, and his mastery of this set of Gu worm rose.

Before, he could not use strength qi Gu while attacking at close range, but now after tens of matches, he could coordinate his own body and his beast phantoms perfectly.

Thunder boar charged bravely, smashing rocks and mounds along the way. Rock crocodile was tough, using its tail like a steel whip, and its teeth like razors, it was a ferocious beast. Kunlun bull had brute force and horn attacks, its back was like tough mountain rocks. These three beast phantoms, once activated, caused Century Boy to feel extremely outpaced as he hurriedly defended himself.

Solid beast phantoms were the biggest threat to Century Boy. But after the beast phantom was destroyed, it turned back into a trace of strength qi.

When Fang Yuan activates the strength qi Gu again, the beast phantom would appear good as new.

“Thankfully, little beast king’s three beast phantoms can only be unleashed through luck. His all-out effort Gu is still rank three, it cannot summon these beast phantoms!”

Century Boy was suppressed by Fang Yuan, but he felt glad secretly.

Although Fang Yuan swapped his boar, crocodile, and green bull phantoms to thunder boar, rock crocodile, and kunlun bull phantoms, it caused his overall strength to rise but there was weaknesses.

His all-out effort Gu was only rank three, it could not summon these three rank four phantoms at will.

That is, unless Fang Yuan gets the undefeated hundred battles Gu from King Xin’s inheritance, and raise the all-out effort Gu to rank four.

“Godfather’s situation is getting worse. Do we strike?”

“Do you want to die? They are fighting so intensely, before we even join in, we will be turned into meat paste!”

“Strong, way too strong. Among us, only Sky Tiger can contest, but she was killed by Fang Zheng long ago.”

“Do we just watch like this?”

“What are you scared of? Is godfather so easy to deal with? He has his trump cards left!”

Outside the cave, Century Boy’s godsons and daughters saw the intense battle and were trembling with fear, their limbs turning cold.

Century Boy had a tiny body, his fighting style was to find loopholes and dodge everywhere, he liked to aim at crucial areas, when he punches and kicks, it forms an impact.

Meanwhile, Fang Yuan attacked directly, punching and kicking, his arms like long spears while his legs were like large poles. At times, he caused explosive sounds when he attacked, giving off a dominating aura.

Century Boy was suppressed gradually, and his moving space shrunk.

These few months, Fang Yuan had improved in terms of Gu worms.

Not only did he turn green bull into kunlun bull phantom, he also finished using essence iron bones Gu, and raised the toughness of his bones again, to about twice or thrice of before.

Other than these, he also used the golden steel tendon Gu, turning his body tendons into the hardness of golden steel.

Ancient bronze skin, essence iron bones, golden steel tendons…

The three defenses molded into one, complementing each other as Fang Yuan’s defense rose sharply. Combined with the golden shield Gu, it was enough to handle the full strength of a rank four peak stage Gu Master!

Century Boy was getting more frightened as he fought: “This little beast king, why is he so experienced?! I had the lower-hand at the start, and I tried to reverse the situation, but I did not succeed once! Is he still a young man? How can such a person be around twenty years old?”

Century Boy thought about himself when he was twenty, compared to Fang Yuan, he felt that he had lived a dog’s life all these years!

“No, I must retreat, this little beast king cannot be assessed by human standards. No wonder Tie Ba Xiu died in his hands, up till now, he has not used the bone wings Gu yet!

Century Boy was suppressed by Fang Yuan, not even able to catch a breath. After thinking about it, he wanted to retreat.

He turned his body, towards the cave.

“Century Boy, are you afraid?” Fang Yuan activated charging crash Gu, chasing relentlessly.

“Century Boy, with me here, where do you think you can go?” Bai Ning Bing suddenly jumped into the battlefield, blocking Century Boy’s path.

“You!” Century Boy’s attention was on Fang Yuan, how would he expect Bai Ning Bing to appear right beside him, and strike an underhanded move? Caught off guard, he was hit by Bai Ning Bing’s attack head-on and lost his bearings.

Fang Yuan did not give up such a good chance, unleashing a flurry of attacks.

And his luck was finally shining, as thunder boar, rock crocodile, and kunlun bull, the three great phantoms all appeared at once.

The great strength surged like a wave, flooding Century Boy like the attack of the sea.

Century Boy did not even manage to scream out before Fang Yuan grabbed both his legs and tore him in half.

“AHHH!”

“Godfather, you died a pitiful death…”

“Lord Century Boy!!”

At once, everyone screamed in shock, as blood spewed, bones broke, and organs fell on the ground.

“Hahah, so much for Century Boy, you are nothing much.” Fang Yuan laughed as he raised his head, showing off an extreme arrogance.

Blood poured on his face as he stared at the people in front of him, shouting unhappily: “Why are you being so noisy, Century Boy ran away at the last moment, timid like a rat, he is a disgrace to the strength path, he deserved death!”

Suddenly, his expression eased, laughing: “Everyone here is a smart person and did not help this shameless rat. Come, let’s go in and drink. Li Xian, do you want the information regarding the three kings inheritance? I still have a deal with you.”

Everyone was shocked, worried, and also curious.

Shock was because Fang Yuan was like a demonic god incarnate, killing another famous person and showing off a greater strength.

Worry was because Fang Yuan killed people like cutting grass, he had just killed a person, but the next moment he started laughing, talking about life, he did not care about human lives at all. Being with such a person, anyone would feel intense pressure.

Curious was because Fang Yuan knew the three kings inheritance’s secret, and wanted to deal with Li Xian. Could they get some information regarding the three kings inheritance from him?

Everyone had a complex thought and could not decide.

Fang Yuan walked briskly side by side with Bai Ning Bing into the cave.

The people blocking the cave subconsciously gave way to them.

Fang Yuan stepped into the banquet, and sat at the host’s seat, this was originally Century Boy’s seat.

“All of you sit down, no need to be polite. Whoever dares to leave, is not giving me, Little Beast King, face!” Fang Yuan looked at everyone as he threatened fiercely.

Rock Lizard Li Qiang, Fiery Star Bao Tong, and others were only rank four upper stage, they did not dare to speak although enraged, sitting down.

Under the cold silence, everyone looked at each other, worried that Fang Yuan would start killing again, they could only sit down.

Fang Yuan squinted as he showed a smile: “Since everyone respects me, I shall give you some benefits.”

Immediately after, he casually gave an information, regarding the life-saving token in the three kings inheritance.

Everyone heard it and their eyes shone, memorising this information to heart.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 369: Understanding of the Demonic Path 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“So there was such a chance at retreating in the three kings inheritance. If I obtain the token, I can move without restraint and wouldn’t have to retreat early,” Bao Tong lamented.

Li Qiang took the initiative to raise his wine cup and toasted Fang Yuan, “Lord Little Beast King’s words are truly worth a thousand gold. I raise this wine cup to congratulate sire for killing Century Boy, this scum of the strength path!”

Tea cools down as soon as the person is gone ; Li Qiang had been talking so closely with Century Boy just before, but now the person had been changed to Fang Yuan, he immediately changed his words and called Century Boy the scum.

“Hahaha, you flatter me.” Fang Yuan, however, did not raise his wine cup, but looked at the godchildren of Century Boy and impatiently waved, “Today, I have exterminated the source of evil and my mood is also good, so I will give you guys a way out. If you don’t want to stay, then get lost. Get lost, get lost, don’t block my view!”

With Century Boy’s death, these godsons and goddaughters were already feeling anxious and frightened, and could not help looking at each other when they heard Fang Yuan.

“What? You want to stay and try to kill me?” Fang Yuan indifferently smiled.

Immediately, there was an uproar, many people left awkwardly and the cave was instantly empty by half.

However, among the godchildren of Century Boy, some still remained.

“Lord Fang Zheng, you are my benefactor!” A godson suddenly kneeled and yelled with tears and snot falling down, “I was forced by that bastard Century Boy to take him as father, Lord Little Beast King, your dominance shakes the world and your aura overwhelms the lands, you have rescued me, you are my great savior!”

“Lord Little Beast King, your power has thoroughly subdued my heart, please let me stay and serve you.” A beautiful goddaughter pleaded alluringly.

“Lord Little Beast King, you have rescued me from a disaster, I will never forget your great kindness. You have given me new life, please let me call you godfather!” An old man in his seventies kneeled on the ground and passionately shouted.

Thump thump thump.

Immediately, in front of Fang Yuan was a scene of kneeling people.

With Century Boy, the head of this group’s, death, his force immediately collapsed. Many escaped while a portion looked for an alternative way out and wanted to rely on Fang Yuan.

“Hahaha…” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, “Your words are really pleasant to the ears, good, good.”

The group of godchildren immediately showed a joyous expression.

However, Fang Yuan’s smile suddenly stopped as he turned grim, he shouted: “A group of bootlickers! Killing is killing, crime is crime, why are you speaking of great kindness! I scorn this type of hypocritical praise. I like killing people, I like commiting crimes, listen, how direct is this, how pure is it. Screw off you lot, if you want to take revenge, then accumulate your strength, I will wait for you to challenge me!”

The godchildren were shocked, frightened and stupefied.

“Hmm?” Fang Yuan snorted and with a shift of his mind, a beast phantom charged forward, killing one person on the spot.

The rest seemed to have startled awake; screams could be heard as they hurried to escape from the cave in a pathetic state and even pissed themselves.

The remaining Gu Masters all had unsightly looks.

Fang Yuan was very temperamental and easily killed people, causing the people around him to feel great pressure. Although Century Boy was hateful, he was many times more lovable when compared to Fang Yuan.

Only Bai Ning Bing’s expression was tranquil as water; she was sitting on the left of Fang Yuan with her blue eyes half closed.

Li Qiang had been raising his wine cup and still had not placed it down; right now, he forgot his embarrassment and forcefully smiled: “Lord Little Beast King, when cutting grass, you need to pull out the roots. You have let these people go, what if one day they make it big? Just to be safe, it is better to kill them all. Lord Little Beast King, it doesn’t matter if you don’t remember these people, I have memorized their faces. I will kill them in place of you as my thanks for the information you gave.”

“No need, no need.” Fang Yuan leaned back on his chair and indifferently smiled.

He had his own reasons for letting these people go, but it could not be said out loud.

Thinking for a while, Fang Yuan said: “Since I started walking on the demonic path, I have never feared offending others. As long as I continue to get stronger, what is revenge? If ten people wants revenge, I will kill ten; if a hundred people wants revenge, I will kill a hundred. If the whole world wants revenge, I will exterminate the whole world! If someone succeeds in taking revenge against me, that will mean that I am not strong enough, that I didn’t try hard enough and that I neglected my cultivation; I deserve to die then!”

A terrifying light flickered in Fang Yuan’s eyes as he said this, and when he swept his gaze around, he was like an evil ferocious beast that no one dared to match his gaze.

“Little Beast King is ruthless to others, but is even more ruthless to himself!”

“This Fang Zheng’s demonic nature is too strong! Not fearing revenge, not fearing death, placing his own life and death out of his considerations…”

“Fang Zheng is crazy, his mind is not normal. Making an enemy out of him will be a nightmare!”

Everyone that heard Fang Yuan felt their hearts go cold.

Fang Yuan succeeded in intimidating everyone and did not take it too far, and smiled: “Let’s drink.”

Everyone raised their wine cups with trembling hands, they felt like they were accompanying a man-eating tiger and were in danger; the originally fine wine felt tasteless.

But following immediately, Fang Yuan again talked of three kings inheritance and revealed many secrets.

Everyone was engrossed, their breathing started becoming rough in excitement as they listened to the secrets.

Only Li Xian was worried and bewildered: “What is this Little Beast King planning? He is actually revealing such precious information, what is he after?”

The banquet lasted over two hours.

Fang Yuan killed Century Boy and occupied his cave, even taking charge of the banquet. While others wanted more secrets, they felt their trip was not in vain.

When they got out of the cave, they even felt reluctant to leave and wanted to listen to even more news from the cave entrance.

As for the original host of the banquet, Century Boy, his torn corpse was still on the ground and its blood had already seeped into the ground. The deathly white bones gave a cold shine under the moonlight.

Everyone chatted and laughed, and as they walked past the corpse, no one threw a glance at this loser.

This was the ending of the defeated in the demonic path.

Losers are always in the wrong.

All demonic Gu Masters, more or less, had such a common understanding.

 …

Light rain fell from the sky and made pitter-patter sounds.

The sky was gloomy and the wind blew coldly.

The light rain fell on a young girl’s hair, shoulders, back and finally, her whole body.

“Young master Ruo Nan, the dead cannot be brought back, my condolences to you.” The head of Tie clan’s four old-timers stood behind the girl and persuaded her with a concerned voice.

But the girl did not speak, the eyes that were as bright as stars before lost its spirit and looked hollow, there was no longer a resolute and sharp gaze.

Tie Ruo Nan looked at the tombstones in front of her in a daze.

These tombstones were cut from the mountain stones and the names of the ones that slept under were carved on them.

Tie Mu, Tie Dao Ku, Tie Xian Hua, Tie Ao Kai, Tie Ba Xiu…

Each of these names could relate to the brightest and most profound memories in the depths of Tie Ruo Nan’s heart.

However, the companions who walked alongside her and fought side by side had become cold corpses within the ground. Similar to Tie Ruo Nan’s heart, they would never have a trace of warmth.

“It is I who harmed you, I didn’t fulfill the duty of a leader!”

“You all died, but I am alive by myself. I am a coward…”

“This is all a nightmare, father, I have blemished your name.”

Tie Ruo Nan fell into deep self-blame, besides this, there were also regret and bewilderment.

This genius worked hard to climb up after experiencing her father’s death, and was like a slowly ascending star of the righteous path who received blessings and attention of countless people.

But in the battle several months ago, Fang Yuan personally dropped this star into the abyss; she became a meteorite that smashed into a gloomy corner and was full of cracks.

” Sigh ….” The head of the Tie clan’s four old-timers, Tie Xuan Zhi, looked at the thin and weak figure of the young girl in the rain, and heaved out a long sigh.

However right at this time, an aged voice suddenly came from behind him: “It has been several months already, this child Ruo Nan is still like this?”

Tie Xuan Zhi was startled and frightened!

Who was it, they got so near but he did not sense it at all!

At that instant, the hair on his body stood up and he turned around quickly and subconsciously tried to attack.

However, a wizened hand softly touched his shoulder and a voice followed at the same time: “Xuan Zhi, compose yourself.”

Tie Xuan Zhi immediately felt his whole body turn stiff, the surging primeval sea in his aperture was suppressed by a formidable and formless force.

It was like a high mountain had suddenly been suppressed.

The grand head of the Tie clan’s four old-timers, the rank four upper stage Tie Xuan Zhi, could not budge even a bit at this moment, his whole body seemed to be confined like an insect trapped within amber!

But when he saw the appearance of the person, Tie Xuan Zhi’s terror and despair immediately turned into ecstasy.

“Ah, old clan leader!” Tie Xuan Zhi blurted out.

The wizened old man who was standing in front of him was Tie clan’s previous generation clan leader, Tie Mu Bai!

“I have already abdicated as clan leader. Now I am also not an elder, Xuan Zhi, you can just call me Mu Bai.” The old man gently waved his hand and smiled.

“Impossible, how could junior dare to call your great name!” Tie Xuan Zhi bowed his back deeply and greeted the old man respectfully.

Towards the old man in front of him, Tie Xuan Zhi was filled with reverence and admiration.

“Name is only a name, the name Tie Mu Bai was meant to be used. There is nothing inappropriate.” The old man spoke calmly, vicissitudes of life were reflected in his eyes and he had already seen through fame and fortune.

Tie Xuan Zhi wanted to speak but the old man slightly waved his hand and walked forward slowly toward Tie Ruo Nan.

He stood in front of the tombstones with his back facing Tie Ruo Nan. He then gently caressed the stele and sighed: “Tie clansmen are buried at the place they die. This is the rule of Tie clan since it was established. Do you know why?”

Tie Ruo Nan was still kneeling on the ground and showed no expression as if she did not hear anything.

The old man continued: “Because to Tie clansmen, dying in the battlefield is the greatest honor! Tie Ba Xiu, Tie Mu, Tie Dao Ku, Tie Xian Hua, Tie Ao Kai, these people were the same, your father Tie Xue Leng was also the same. In the future when I die, it will also be the same. And when you die, it will still be the same.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 370: The Glory of Tie clan 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes twitched and she slowly raised her head to look at this unacquainted but very familiar old man.

“Our Tie clan, since it was established, had been world-renowned for our bravery, unswerving determination and our iron-cold justice. For many generations, Tie clansmen had been upholding justice and striking down on criminals, in this course, countless people have shed blood and sacrificed their lives. The youths that have died here won’t be the first and also won’t be the last. Do you understand?” The old man continued.

Tie Ruo Nan slightly opened her mouth as if to say something but could not speak anything.

“I am gratified because these people did not die in vain. But I also feel disappointed because you are living in vain. Tie Ruo Nan, do you know the criminal is still out there, getting away with his crimes, and still harming people. That little beast king Fang Zheng…”

Tie Mu Bai paused here and then turned around and looked at Tie Ruo Nan, indifferently asking: “Do you want to uphold justice?”

Tie Ruo Nan looked at this old man and finally recognized his identity.

Tie Mu Bai, rank five peak stage! Tie clan’s previous generation clan leader, he moved unhindered in Southern Border and had dominated a region. When he was reigning, Tie clan was like an iron bucket that pressed down on Wu clan, Shang clan and other great clans, and became one of the heads of the righteous path, causing terror to the demonic path!

Tie Ruo Nan’s deathly-still eyes suddenly twinkled with a spark, and she squeezed out a word with her hoarse voice: “Yes.”

“Good.” The old man nodded, his gaze gentle and his tone as calm as before, “Starting now, I will impart the metal path to you, the Gu path that our Tie clan’s Gu Masters use to stand on top of Southern Border.”

Eight days later…

Three kings inheritance opened once again; red, yellow and blue, three enormous light pillars pierced through the clouds and were visible even from thousands of miles away.

However, San Cha mountain was a scene of stillness with no sound.

Regardless of righteous path or demonic path, countless people looked at the peak – there, a seemingly ordinary wizened old man with grizzled hair and wrinkles all over his face was standing calmly with his hands behind his back.

Not far from him, Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong and Wu Shen Tong had dark expressions.

Just a moment ago, this old man suppressed the combined power of these five. He defeated them with no difficulty.

“Powerful, truly powerful!”

“Tie Mu Bai, Tie clan’s previous generation clan leader, was actually still alive!!”

“Too fearsome, is this the power of rank five peak stage? Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and others simply cannot compare. It would be as easy as crushing ants for him to kill us!”

“Who could have expected Tie clan to actually send their old clan leader. With this, Shang clan, Wu clan and every other clans are not Tie clan’s match!”

“This is an expert of the old generation, little beast king is not worthy to even carry his shoes. In those days, when he moved unhindered in Southern Border, under his command, Tie clan gained powerful momentum and even suppressed Wu clan and almost became the sole head of righteous path!”

“He is one of the most powerful clan leaders in Tie clan history. He is the glory of Tie clan, a role model of the righteous path and the symbol of justice. His battle accomplishments shines brilliantly and hasn’t lost its color even today!”

After a short moment of silence, there was an uproar on San Cha mountain; sounds of admiration, cheers and terror.

With Tie Mu Bai’s appearance, the power structure on San Cha mountain completely changed.

Three days later, news made its way out.

Originally, Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng caused havoc in Tie clan and secretly infiltrated Demonic Suppression Tower multiple times, in the end disturbing Tie Mu Bai who had closed himself in cultivation.

Tie Mu Bai personally struck and even though Lu Zuan Feng was a famous divine thief and also a rank five Gu Master, he received serious injuries and had a very narrow escape.

After Tie clan settled this, their gaze gathered at San Cha mountain.

Tie Ba Xiu’s death angered all Tie clan higher-ups. And just as they were about to send an expert over to reinforce the four old-timers, Tie Mu Bai said he was going to personally make a visit.

He came to San Cha mountain and with his absolute strength, he easily prevailed over the experts of both righteous and demonic path. Even experts at the level of Yi Huo and Kong Ri Tian had to concede defeat.

“From this day onwards, no demonic Gu Master may enter three kings inheritance.” Tie Mu Bai stood at the peak of the mountain and after winning over the five rank four peak stage Gu Masters, he immediately made the announcement.

With just himself, he swept up all the demonic Gu Masters on San Cha mountain!

Demonic Gu Masters were very angry, however even though they were thousands in number, they did not dare to rebel against the rank five peak stage Tie Mu Bai, this supreme expert who stood at the peak of the mortal world.

On that day, Kong Ri Tian and Long Qing Tian directly left the mountain with dark expressions.

Then, Li Xian, Hu Mei Er and others also left sadly.

“The laws of the heaven are vast, justice will prevail. Even if three kings inheritance is a demonic path inheritance, it will contribute its strength to our righteous path. Everyone, as long as we unite, sparks will gather little by little into a bright light that will cover the whole San Cha mountain. And no longer will there be dark places.”

Tie Mu Bai spoke sincerely, then slowly stepped into the three kings inheritance.

There were huge cheers all around San Cha mountain, righteous path’s morale was boosted to the top; the congratulatory sounds continued endlessly like waves after wave.

This time, the opening of the three kings inheritance lasted for more than half a month.

Tie Mu Bai changed the power structure of San Cha mountain by himself, uniting the righteous path and banishing the demonic path, causing the situation to have a violent change. The aged body seemed to manifest the domineering aura of the former clan leader of Tie clan.

Demonic path figures were all banished; they were still not resigned and thus stayed at the surroundings of San Cha mountain and watched as the three light pillars became thinner and thinner.

After the inheritance closed, Tie Mu Bai held a banquet and invited all righteous path Gu Masters.

The banquet was held in the outdoors and was spread over a vast area in the middle of the mountain. The Gu Masters used mountain rocks as tables and chairs, the aroma of wine and food spread everywhere, and they cheered and laughed.

“Junior Yi Huo proposes a toast to senior.” Yi Huo stood up with a wine cup in his hands and bowed deeply towards Tie Mu Bai who was sitting on the main seat.

“In the few great clans, Shang clan always had talents appearing in large numbers. I heard Shang Yan Fei has already become the clan leader now? He had outstanding talent since young, you are also not bad. Take a seat.” Tie Mu Bai said with a bit of recollection.

With his seniority, Shang Yan Fei was also a junior.

With his rank five peak stage cultivation, even though Shang Yan Fei had astonishing talent, he was still inferior.

Yi Huo could only nod his head and slowly sit down, heaving a sigh inwardly.

With Tie Mu Bai’s arrival, his plan to rule San Cha mountain was already cut at its root. He was unable to catch up to this expert of the old generation and simply did not have any chance of contending with him.

“Old clan leader Tie, on behalf of Yi clan, I congratulate you on coming out of seclusion.” Yi clan’s elder Yi chong had a fiery temperament, but he behaved like an obedient grandson in front of Tie Mu Bai.

Gu Immortals always stayed in the background and their traces were rarely seen. To most of the people, rank four Gu Masters were feudal lords while rank five Gu Masters were the emperors that occupied the peak of the mortal world.

Tie Mu Bai coming here was an emperor going on an inspection tour; these feudal lords could only bend their backs and visit the emperor for an audience.

“Old clan leader Tie, you are the glory of our Southern Border’s righteous path and are still awe-inspiring as ever! With one sentence, you made all the demonic bastards retreat helplessly, making us juniors prostrate in admiration. Unfortunately, that little bastard Fang Zheng escaped pretty fast, escaping San Cha mountain few days before you came.” Wu Shen Tong said darkly.

“You are talking about little beast king, right?” Tie Mu Bai indifferently smiled without a hint of anger.

“This little kid is outstanding, I heard his accomplishments are rather amazing. He worked hard alone and started from nothing to become a rising star of the demonic path at a rapid speed. He seems impulsive and unreasonable, but actually makes his moves after meticulous planning and is very good at scheming. It was not groundless for the several youths of Tie clan to die by his hands.” Tie Mu Bai continued.

His words shocked everyone present. As the victim’s family, the old Tie clan leader whose dignity was offended was actually praising his enemy in front of everyone.

“This old clan leader Tie was rumored to have a fiery temperament with extreme abhorrence of evil. How come he seems to be different from the rumors, and instead is so cultured and indifferent to humiliation?” Wu Shen Tong was inwardly surprised and was just about to speak when he met with Tie Mu Bai’s gaze.

The gaze contained the vicissitude of time and had unfathomable depth, a wisdom that had seen through and experienced all of the mortal world.

Wu Shen Tong immediately felt his schemes had been seen through by this gaze; cold sweat dripped out of his body and he found it difficult to speak.

“Do you find it strange?” Tie Mu Bai looked around and slowly spoke with a smile, “Why am I, who is called the glory of Tie clan, openly praising the mortal enemy of Tie clan?”

“Hehehe, praising one’s enemy is increasing the enemy’s prestige and diminishing one’s morale. But in truth, how could the will of those resolute people be destroyed by these few words? By admiring your enemies, you can find their strong points and warn yourself of your weak points, and treat your enemy more seriously. Don’t let your wisdom be deceived by hatred.”

Tie Ruo Nan, who was standing behind Tie Mu Bai, shivered as she heard these words.

She knew old clan leader Tie Mu Bai was saying this mostly to her.

After Tie Mu Bai came out of inheritance, he had been guiding her all the time. He gave her metal path Gu worms and taught her his experiences in using them and also gave her knowledge on the outside world.

Don’t let your wisdom be deceived by hatred… admire your enemies…

Tie Ruo Nan thought over these words and pondered.

“Ruo Nan, what do you think of Fang Zheng?” Tie Mu Bai suddenly called her.

“Yes.” Tie Ruo Nan took a step forward and reported, “Although I hate him very much, I have no choice but to admit Fang Zheng is very outstanding. He has the courage to take risks and also moves after scheming. Although he is a strength path Gu Master, he definitely has a formidable and extraordinary investigative method. This point can be seen from how he was able to intercept us.”

“The path elder Tie Ba Xiu and I chose was a very hidden path. We were able to deceive everyone else but only Fang Zheng was able to sense it and accurately intercept us. Old clan leader, you secretly arrived at San Cha mountain and no one knew of it, but only Fang Zheng sensed it and escaped early. Little beast king might be at the front of the limelight, but he conceals himself very deep and is absolutely not a person to be underestimated.”

“Good, good analysis.” Tie Mu Bai nodded, his eyes revealing his praise.

He continued: “In this world, there is a thing that is more precious than life. That is glory. Eons ago, Ren Zu’s eldest son Verdant Great Sun gave up his life while chasing for glory.”

“Ruo Nan, this Fang Zheng is a mission for you. Arrest him or kill him, wash away your humiliation and make it a glory that belongs to you. Many people call me the glory of Tie clan, but I will tell you Tie clan’s glory is not just me alone, but you guys, generations of people who stand for what’s right.”

Tie Mu Bai’s gaze looked at everyone present when he said this, his voice showing the grandeur of past.

“Similarly, the glory of righteous path should be upheld by every one of us. Come, drink this cup to shine the glory of righteousness onto the world, let the radiance of this sun dispel the darkness and let the demonic path cease to exist!”

“Dispel the darkness!”

“Let the demonic path cease to exist!”

All the righteous path Gu Masters raised their wine cups and shouted together. Their voices were powerful and spread a long distance; countless demonic paths figures’ expressions changed.

“Damn it, this Tie Mu Bai…”

“The glory of Tie clan, time has not been able to wash away his brilliance. Really a terrifying character.”

“He is dazzling like the sun… sigh, him coming out of seclusion is the bad luck of our demonic path!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 371: Just let him fly a bit higher 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

> Chapter Two, Section Three —

The sunlight of the immemorial antiquity era shone on all living beings.

Cicadas made noises, giving off the clamor of life. Dense green trees formed a large area of shade, as they swayed with the wind.

A large vat of delicious wine was in front of Verdant Great Sun, but he frowned, having no desire to drink.

“Divine travel Gu, oh divine travel Gu, you have harmed me so deeply. Right now, I do not even dare to drink wine. I am afraid of getting drunk, and end up transported to a dangerous land by you.” Verdant Great Sun sighed in anguish.

The previous two times, he was sent into the ordinary abyss by divine travel Gu, as well as the cauldron of the hairy men. Thankfully he was lucky, and made it out of both the incidents alive.

Divine travel Gu said: “Prince of humans, I was not intentionally harming you. In fact, every time you got drunk, you were the one who used my power. I am innocent, in fact, I even saved your life once, didn’t I?”

Divine travel Gu had in fact, saved Verdant Great Sun’s life from the tiger-striped honey bees before.

Verdant Great Sun’s expression was dejected: “Sigh… don’t mention the past, now because of you, I do not dare to drink wine. My life has become meaningless and boring.”

Hearing this, divine travel Gu felt ashamed: “In that case, let me teach you a method. Go up into the sky, and in the azure heaven among the nine heavens, there is a bamboo forest. Inside the bamboo forest, pluck a jade bamboo that is jade sky in color. Next, go to blue heaven and during the night time, collect the eight-sided diamonds inside the star fragments. Next, when it is dawn, fly into the sky and use the light of glory of the rising sun to turn me into fixed immortal travel Gu. Once I become that Gu, I will no longer send you to random places when you are drunk.

Verdant Great Sun heard this and he was overjoyed.

But he thought about it, and felt that hope was slim: “Oh Gu, I have stepped on the earth since I was born, I am not as light as clouds, nor do I have wings like birds. How can I fly into the azure heaven and pluck the jade bamboo. How can I collect the eight-sided diamonds in the star fragments? Not to mention flying towards the rising sun.”

Divine travel Gu said: “That is right, humans cannot fly. But it is not a problem, we can ask wisdom Gu. It has the greatest wisdom in this world, there has to be a way.”

Verdant Great Sun and wisdom Gu were old acquaintances, the reason Verdant Great Sun started drinking was because of wisdom Gu’s teachings.

But wisdom Gu taught him to drink merely because it did not want to be disturbed. Sensing that Verdant Great Sun was going to find it again, wisdom Gu quickly went into hiding.

Verdant Great Sun did not find wisdom Gu, and felt dejected.

But divine travel Gu said again: “If we can’t find wisdom Gu, we can find cognition Gu, it is the mother of wisdom Gu.”

Verdant Great Sun quickly found cognition Gu, and requested for the methods of flying.

Cognition Gu answered: “You found the right person, because cognition is the wings of freedom. But everyone’s thoughts are different, what wings you have depends on yourself.”

Saying so, cognition Gu turned into a warm light and shone on Verdant Great Sun.

In the light, a pair of white pure feathered wings appeared behind Verdant Great Sun’s back.

This pair of wings was very beautiful, white and pure like snow, without a trace of impurity, it was like the wings of a white crane.

Cognition Gu took a look and said: “Mm, this pair of wings is called ‘self’, everyone has their own ‘self-cognition’, this pair of wings has a high degree of flexibility and freedom. But you must be careful, do not overly bask in sunlight, otherwise, your sense of ‘self’ will either expand or shrink.”

“Young man, you must remember my words. The higher you fly, the harder you fall.” Cognition Gu thought and said the last sentence with deep meaning.

Obtaining the cognition wings named ‘self’, Verdant Great Sun was very happy, and flew into the sky.

He flew and flew, going higher and higher.

Humans were not born to fly, like birds soaring in the sky. This brought Verdant Great Sun great curiosity.

He played around freely in the sky, extremely happy. At the same time, he remembered cognition Gu’s warning, and did not overly expose himself to sunlight.

When it was sunny, he would hide in the clouds.

Like this, Verdant Great Sun flew higher and higher, finally reaching the limits of heaven, the end of azure heaven.

There, jade bamboos grew in the air, having lustrous green leaves.

These jade bamboos were rooted in the void, and their tips also extended into the unknown void. Looking from outside, one could only see their thin long stem.

Verdant Great Sun retrieved one segment of the bamboo casually.

This dark green bamboo stem was like jade, palm-sized, and hollow in the middle, giving off a cold feeling.

Verdant Great Sun obtained the jade bamboo and was very happy, he continued flying upwards.

The sky of the immemorial antiquity era had nine levels. White heaven, red heaven, orange heaven, yellow heaven, green heaven, azure heaven, blue heaven, purple heaven, and black heaven.

Verdant Great Sun plucked the jade bamboo in azure heaven, a few days later, he flew to the higher blue heaven.

It was night time, and stars were shining the the sky. The stars flew around happily, raining down stardust. These stardust gathered into a sea, a beautiful river of light made of silver stars, flowing across the entire blue heaven.

Verdant Great Sun willed his wings, and plunged into the star river to swim.

He searched painstakingly in the endless stardust, he did not want those seven-sided or sixteen-sided fragments, he only wanted the eight-sided ones. These star fragments were like diamonds, crystal clear and flawless.

He searched for a long time before finding one.

On the second day, Verdant Great Sun flew towards the rising sun at the break of dawn.

The sunrise was like a large red lantern, emitting a warm light.

This sunlight was not ordinary, it was the light of glory, it could shine on all living beings and penetrate the river of time.

Verdant Great Sun’s left hand was holding into the jade bamboo, his right hand was holding the eight-sided diamond, as he flew towards the sun and summoned divine travel Gu.

Basking under the light of glory, divine travel Gu swallowed the star fragment, and entered the jade bamboo.

“Oh Verdant Great Sun, I need time to metamorphosize and become fixed immortal travel Gu. During this period, you have to fly towards the sun, and do not leave the light of glory. But you have to be more careful, cognition Gu had said, pay attention to the ‘self’ wings on your back. Once my transformation ends, you should fly towards the cloud cover immediately. Do remember, remember.” Divine travel Gu reminded.

Verdant Great Sun laughed heartily: “Oh Gu, rest assured. I have even survived the ordinary abyss, and lived after the hairy men, I have the reputation Gu, and have transcended vanity, the light of glory can do nothing to me.”

“Then I can stop worrying.” Divine travel Gu’s voice weakened,as the sunlight turned into threads, forming a cocoon and wrapping the divine travel Gu and the jade bamboo.

Verdant Great Sun moved his pure white wings, flying towards the sun.

During this process, the light cocoon became thicker and heavier.

A moment later, the cocoon was burst open, and a butterfly glowing in green light flew out: “I succeeded, from today onwards, I am not divine travel Gu, but fixed immortal travel Gu. Hahaha.”

Fixed immortal travel Gu flew around Verdant Great Sun, happily dancing, but suddenly shouted: “Ah, oh no! Verdant Great Sun, look at your wings!”

Under the light of the sun, Verdant Great Sun’s wings had expanded to three times of its original size.

“Do not fluster, I noticed it long ago, but so what? The larger my wings, the stronger they are, and the higher and faster I can fly.” Verdant Great Sun laughed loudly.

“Quickly hide in the clouds, stop flying.” Fixed immortal travel Gu said worriedly.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry.” Verdant Great Sun was not worried at all.

The ‘self’ wings on his back grew larger and larger, becoming even larger than his body. Verdant Great Sun’s speed also became faster and faster.

“Fixed immortal travel Gu, what do you think is above the nine heavens?” He shot up towards greater altitudes.

“Stop flying, stop flying. If you fall down, I cannot save you.” Fixed immortal travel Gu was very worried.

“What’s the problem, how could I fall down? Look at my wings, how strong are they, how powerful are they!” Verdant Great Sun was just rebuking, when suddenly, his wings expanded to their limits, and exploded.

Losing his wings, Verdant Great Sun fell towards the ground immediately.

Eventually, he landed on the ground, as an unrecognisable grotesque corpse.

Ren Zu eldest son, met his end.

…

Southern border, Huo Tan mountain.

On the reddish-brown mountain rocks, there were some wine. Using the heat of Huo Tan mountain, the wine was kept at a certain temperature.

Sunlight shone down as Fang Yuan raised his wine cup, drinking it in one shot, sighing comfortably: “Such soothing wine, it is meant to be drank at this temperature.”

Beside him, Bai Ning Bing was also sitting, but did not touch the wine, instead, staring at the direction of San Cha mountain.

There, the three light pillars shone up into the sky, shooting through the heavens.

“You are still drinking? It has been months, three kings inheritance has opened twice already. Tie Mu Bai is controlling San Cha mountain now and chased away all the demonic Gu Masters. These few months, we have been lurking on Huo Tan mountain, are we going to continue watching?” Bai Ning Bing said unhappily.

She was not afraid of death, only seeking thrills in life.

Maybe she was spurred on by the four old-timers of Tie clan, or maybe because Fang Yuan’s strength had surpassed her, these few months, she had been cultivating non-stop, not caring about her rising aptitude.

“The way I see it, we can still enter the three kings inheritance, as long as he find the opportunity and wait for Tie Mu Bai to enter the inheritance, we can strike. With our strength, no one on San Cha mountain can stop us.” Bai Ning Bing’s words were very aggressive.

But Fang Yuan was relaxing and had a chill expression: “No worries, no rush. Tie Mu Bai is the glory of Tie clan, he is the previous clan leader, having rank five peak stage cultivation. He is such a high and mighty character. Compared to him, we are just rats under his feet. Let him fly higher, higher and higher.”

Saying so, he raised his wine cup, pointing at San Cha mountain, smiling lightly as he muttered: “Come, Lord Senior Tie Mu Bai, this junior offers you a toast.”

Bai Ning Bing glanced at Fang Yuan, but only saw that pair of black eyes, dark like the abyss, unfathomable.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 372: Land spirit — Afterlife of the Gu Immortal 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Central continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.

A tall and large crystal mountain and river, was at the center of the blessed land.

Its name is Dang Hun mountain, pink throughout, emitting the colors of dreams and illusions.

At this moment, the elite disciples from the ten sects were like ants, trying hard to ascend the mountain.

Somewhere near the mountain waist, Fang Zheng was full of sweat, his face pale as his fingers gripped the mountain walls, gasping heavily.

As long as any living beings got close to Dang Hun mountain, they souls will have to endure the pain of vibrating shocks. The higher Fang Zheng climbed, the more he felt dizzy, like his soul was being blown away by the wind, he felt like he was about to collapse.

“Tsk tsk, you can’t hold on anymore? Then give up. Look how much you’ve fallen behind the others, how can you possibly win? Why don’t you just give up, you have no hope left.” Hu Immortal land spirit pouted her tiny pink lips as she appeared before Fang Zheng.

Hu Immortal land spirit was like a little girl, snowy white skin glowing with pinkness. Her shiny large black eyes emitted an innocent gaze. What is most attractive is behind her back, where a snow white and pure fox tail grew, it was furry and fluffy, extremely cute and makes one want to play with it.

At this time, Hu Immortal land spirit was sitting in the air, watching Fang Zheng as she made fun of him.

Fang Zheng was not shocked.

After climbing to this height from the mountain foot, the land spirit had appeared many times, watching their progress every time, and was very playful.

Fang Zheng had found the method to deal with her, that is, to ignore her.

As expected, seeing that Fang Zheng was silent, Hu Immortal land spirit’s mouth pouted even more: “You’re a stupid lad, so boring. Please don’t become my master, otherwise my life would be boring to death. Hehe, the others are more fun.”

Saying so, she vanished, going to find the other elite disciples.

After Hu Immortal land spirit left, in Fang Zheng aperture, the spirit incubating flea vibrated, as Lord Sky Crane’s voice sounded out.

“Fang Zheng, work hard and hang in there. Now is not the time for me to appear, you have to at least get past the mountain waist, only then can we have a chance of victory. Endure, you have to endure, the strength of the soul can be excavated, you have a lot of potential left to uncover.”

Hearing his master’s encouragement, Fang Zheng’s dazed expression became firm again.

He replied in his heart: “Master, don’t worry. I will endure, I am just taking a break, and regulating my breath.”

Pausing momentarily, he asked again: “Master, I have a question, what is a land spirit? Earlier that Hu Immortal land spirit was near me, if I catch her, would I be able to skip the climbing?”

Lord Sky Crane was shocked, scolding: “You lad, you have no fear due to cluelessness, even trying to scheme against the land spirit. Do you know how the land spirit is formed? After the Gu Immortal dies, the remaining fragments of their will and soul mixed with the blessed land’s powers, thus forming that spiritual body!”

“What, the land spirit was a Gu Immortal?” Fang Zheng was shocked.

“That’s right, the Hu Immortal land spirit you saw was formed from the former Gu Immortal Bai Hu. But without her past life’s memories, merely her lingering desires remain. Don’t think of her as powerless, inside this blessed land, she can manipulate the heavenly power freely, and can directly combat a Gu Immortal! She can seal any rank one to five Gu worm at will. Only rank six Immortal Gu worms can move freely in the blessed land. Fang Zheng, you are too bold. Climb this mountain properly, do not have any unrealistic thoughts.” Lord Sky Crane chided.

“Yes master, I will not dare to anymore.” Fang Zheng nodded, admitting his fault in his heart.

After scolding Fang Zheng, Lord Sky Crane’s tone eased, encouraging: “So now you know? As long as you become the owner of the blessed land, you can get the land spirit’s loyalty. Within the blessed land, the land spirit is an existence equal to a Gu Immortal!”

Fang Zheng listened as he was completely stunned.

What sort of strong aid was that! The assistance of a Gu Immortal equivalent!!

Lord Sky Crane continued: “However, the land spirit cannot leave the blessed land. The true essence of the Hu Immortal Inheritance is this wide and rich blessed land. Fang Zheng, you are still too low level, and the things you do not know are simply too many. Wait till you inherit this blessed land, you will slowly understand, what sort of help a blessed land can bring to a Gu Master! You are simply too lucky, encountering a blessed land with a spirit, and also receiving the sect’s help. If it is a blessed land without a spirit, that would be greatly inferior.”

Fang Zheng asked curiously: “Master, what happens to a blessed land without a spirit?”

Lord Sky Crane answered: “A blessed land without a spirit is destined to be destroyed. Like a slumbering divine dragon, anyone can eat its flesh and drink its blood. Until it dies, it will not awaken. Fang Zheng, after you become the lord of the blessed land, you have to give the resources within the blessed land to the sect. Immortal Crane Sect had nurtured you this far, you have to give back to the sect. When the sect is stronger, the protection towards you will increase as well. You understand this logic right?”

“Mm, I understand. It was Immortal Crane Sect who adopted me. Without the sect’s help, I would not have any chance in getting the inheritance. I would not even be able to exact revenge on my brother. If there is a possibility, I not only want to repay the sect, but I also want to revive you master!” Fang Zheng nodded, his vision was clear as he held great gratitude and admiration towards Immortal Crane Sect.

Lord Sky Crane heard this and laughed dryly: “Foolish disciple, how can people revive so easily? I am glad you had the thought.”

…

The light of glory of the righteous path shone on San Cha mountain.

Under Tie Mu Bai’s influence, three kings inheritance became the righteous path’s garden of exploration.

Any demonic Gu Master was chased out and not allowed to step into the mountain.

“Tie Mu Bai is too overbearing, fencing up the area and refusing to let anyone in.”

“He is a senior expert, yet his greed knows no bound. Eating the meat and bones, but refusing to let us drink even the soup!”

“Most importantly, three kings inheritance’s opening time is shortening, and the three pillars are getting weaker. Just as little beast king said a month ago, this Gu Immortal blessed land is decaying, and will face destruction soon.”

…

The demonic Gu Masters were feeling flustered and anxious, such a rare opportunity in front of them, yet they are denied entry, only able to watch in vain.

” Stuff the courageous to death and starve the timid to death , brothers, let’s charge up together, no matter how powerful that Tie Mu Bai is, can he kill all of us?!” Someone shouted, encouraging the crowd.

“We can wait for Tie Mu Bai to enter the inheritance, and then go up the mountain. That way, there will be less obstruction.” Someone suggested.

“There’s a problem with this solution. When we come out of the inheritance, so would Tie Mu bai. Moreover, nobody knows where we would appear in San Chan mountain, we might get slaughtered by the righteous path.” Someone rebuked.

“So what? Danger lurks when seeking wealth, how can we get the cub without entering the tiger’s den? Wanting to gain something without taking a risk, how can there be such a good thing in this world?!”

Just as the demonic path members were shouting and discussing, they heard the wailings of a hundred ghosts near them, and the bright blue sky suddenly became filled with dark clouds.

Within the dark clouds, a shrill voice said: “Gagaga, Tie Mu Bai, you came out of your cultivation, why did you not say hi to your old friend, hmm?”

The dark clouds moved rapidly, forming a face, having an aquiline nose and deep eye sockets, staring at San Cha mountain.

“This laughter and entrance, it is Lord Wu Gui from our demonic path!”

“I remember now. Lord Wu Gui is also rank five peak stage, an expert from the older generation, he is Tie Mu Bai’s lifetime rival!”

“There’s nothing amazing about the righteous path, we have experts in the demonic path too! Go, Senior Wu Gui!!”

At once, the demonic path members cheered, their eyes glowing as some shouted while others screamed.

The dark clouds moved closer, shrouding San Cha mountain quickly. Such a grand entrance, like an entire army, at once, even sunlight was covered, causing San Cha mountain to fall into darkness.

The righteous Gu Masters were all fearful.

“He has such an overwhelming aura!”

“This old demon Wu Gui, he is still alive?”

“Old demon Wu Gui, he is over hundreds of years old. Back when he was breaking through to rank six, he was disturbed and ruined by the young and inexperienced Lord Tie Mu Bai unintentionally. Thus, he felt extreme hatred and had slaughtered Tie clansmen many times as revenge.”

…

“Wu Gui, have you been hiding under a mountain all these years? Are you here to experience defeat once again?” At the mountain peak, golden light burst out.

In the golden light, Tie Mu Bai stood upright, his hands behind his back, speaking calmly towards the rolling dark clouds.

“Hmph, you won by merely one move a decade ago, you really think you are better. Little bastard, today you will die without a proper corpse!” The dark clouds moved like steam out of boiling water, turning into a large hand and grabbing towards Tie Mu Bai.

This hand, was extremely large, larger than a small-sized mountain. It gave off an impressive aura, stunning people and gave off the feeling of grabbing the moon and stars.

The dark clouds looked slow but were extremely fast, grabbing quickly.

Corrosive smoke rose, as the hand covered an entire mountain peak, causing the trees and rocks it touched to disintegrate.

“Old tricks.” Tie Mu Bai snorted, moving his leg and turning into a golden light, tearing apart the dark clouds, flying towards the sky.

The golden light flew like a shooting star, like lightning, as it crashed into the dark clouds.

Almost the next moment, there was a thunder-like explosion, going off like firecrackers.

The dark clouds moved violently, as golden light flickered.

The two rank five peak stage Gu Masters fought inside the clouds. Although the details could not be seen, outsiders could feel how powerful they were just from the aftershocks sent out by them.

“Wu Gui, when I just started by Gu journey, you were already an established expert. Back then, i had to avoid you if I met you. But fifty years later, I could escape from you. Eighty years later, you could do nothing to me. A hundred years later, you lost to me. And now, after another decade, today, you will lose your life.”

Tie Mu Bai’s voice came from within the dark clouds.

“Huff, huff, huff… Tie. Mu. Bai! You are too arrogant, you were lucky to be born in Tie clan, relying on Tie clan, you can speak so arrogantly. If I had the same resources as you, I would’ve become a Gu Immortal by now.” Wu Gui screamed in an unstable tone.

Evidently, during the intense battle earlier, Tie Mu Bai had the advantage.

“But, did you think I have no backup?” Hahaha!” Wu Gui breathed roughly, but started laughing wildly.

As he laughed, a third rank five peak stage aura burst out.

“Tie Mu Bai, did you miss me all these years?” A gloomy and shrill voice travelled far and wide.

Tie Mu Bai could not hide his shock: “Ku Mo, to think you came!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 373: Intense Battle of Rank Fives 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The situation at San Cha mountain had a violent change.

After Tie Mu Bai suppressed San Cha mountain for the most part of the year, his old enemy from the demonic path appeared. But Wu Gui who was also rank five peak stage could not beat Tie Mu Bai who made his debut later.

The situation that followed was beyond everyone’s expectations.

The similarly rank five peak stage Ku Mo suddenly made his appearance. The battle situation immediately changed to two demonic path’s rank five pincering Tie Mu Bai.

Righteous path figures cursed at the demonic path’s shamelessness while the demonic path figures continued to rush into San Cha mountain and cheer loudly.

Uncountable gazes fanatically looked at the air.

A battle between rank five peak stage Gu Masters was rarely seen much less the battle between three rank five peak stage Gu Masters.

Tie Mu Bai could suppress Wu Gui, but fighting one against two was far beyond his ability. But Wu Gui and Ku Mo were both demonic Gu Masters and although they had allied, they were similarly guarded against each other.

Like this, the three entered a stalemate.

From the sky covered by the black clouds and fierce wind, an enormous and deafening explosion occurred.

Golden light burst out, a four clawed golden dragon tore the black clouds and moved the wind and rain; its dragon roar spreading over a long distance.

“Hmph, merely a rank four golden dragon Gu, did you take that out to make a fool of yourself?” Ku Mo let out a disdainful snarl, “Look at how I tear you to pieces!”

When his words landed, there was a loud sound; the golden dragon let out a miserable whine and fell down towards the ground.

Just as the golden dragon was about to lose its life, a golden whirlwind blew towards it.

The four clawed golden dragon was surrounded by the whirlwind and its heavy injuries were instantly healed. It raised its head and roared before rising up again.

“This is a rank four golden breeze Gu, its healing ability is extremely powerful and is comparable to rank five Gu!” The spectating Li Xian narrowed his eyes when he recognized this golden whirlwind.

“Don’t even think about it!” Wu Gui suddenly gave an unearthly cry.

This unearthly cry was extremely ear-piercing like the cawing of ravens, the spectators be it righteous path or demonic path felt dizzy and nauseous.

Following the unearthly cry, a shining jet-black halo shot out and firmly collided against the four clawed golden dragon.

The four-clawed golden dragon could not resist it and exploded.

Dazzling light burst forth like a small sun, causing all the spectators to close their eyes.

The sound of the explosion was so loud, it seemed to burst everyone’s eardrums.

A fierce wind pressure soon followed, blowing towards all directions. The wind blew countless trees and stones, burying many Gu Masters alive.

The berserk wind rose as if in defiance of heaven and even dispersed the dark clouds covering the sky.

The spectators regained their senses after a long while and retreated in fear while looking up.

In the sky, three figures were confronting each other!

Tie Mu Bai was wearing a golden chainmail, it was the rank four golden coat Gu and had exemplary defense. His whole body was covered with a layer of gold-red light. It was the rank four golden aurora Gu and could allow the Gu Master to fly.

Wu Gui was stepping on a dark cloud, his lips were sharply sticking forward like a black beak.

And Ku Mo was slowly flapping a pair of bone wings on his back, his whole body was covered with bone armor and there were all kinds of colorful sharp spikes growing out from his elbows, knees, shoulders and other places. At first look, he looked like a malevolent multi-colored human-shaped hedgehog.

The confrontation only lasted for a short few breaths of time.

The three attacked at the same time as quickly as lightning.

In the sky, a golden-red light shuttled back and forth, breaking the void and was as sharp as a sword. A black light soared, moving at one time and stopping at next, it was strange and cunning. A multi-colored light charged and crashed, and displayed the most valiant manner.

Ordinary naked eyes were already unable to make out the progress of the battle. The absolute majority of people could only hear the unceasing explosions that continued to ravage their eardrums.

Suddenly a golden light fiercely streaked across the sky like a blade, towards an area in the middle of the mountain.

Mountain stones and boulders were crushed into fine powder and there appeared a twenty feet wide and over hundred feet tall gorge.

The nearby unlucky spectators were all chopped into minced meat.

Suddenly a raven’s caw echoed like the thunder.

Hundreds of unlucky Gu Masters’ head burst immediately.

From time to time, bone spikes rained down freely from the sky.

Many Gu Masters could not evade in time and were pierced through, nailed at the ground and lost their lives.

The battle had reached the climax, the three sides moved without restraint.

“We can’t endure even the ripples of a battle between rank five peak stage Gu Masters.”

“Too terrifying, too terrifying, we need to leave quickly. If we keep on watching, we might have to pay with our lives!”

Everyone was scared witless and hurried out of San Cha mountain one after another.

Even Li Xian, Hu Mei Er and others also did not dare to stay here.

On San Cha mountain, only the rank four peak stage Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong and Wu Shen Tong remained.

Even so, their expressions were serious and all their concentration was fixed on the battle with their nerves stretched tight as a bowstring; they were ready to escape the moment there was even a little danger.

Soon, these rank four peak stage Gu Masters also could not continue staying there.

Because the three rank five peak stage Gu Masters used their rank five Gu.

Tie Mu Bai’s turn gold Gu flew everywhere. No matter what it shot through, whether they were rocks, grasses, trees, flowers, birds, fishes or beasts, they would turn into golden sculpture, their life force extinguished.

Ku Mo’s soft bones Gu made any bones within fifty miles of it, turn soft and become a puddle of bone paste.

And Wu Gui’s pitch black Gu spread darkness everywhere, any Gu worms under rank six that touched it would received different degrees of restrictions.

In this world, the higher the rank of the Gu, the stronger and rarer they were. Precious Gu of rank four were already hard to purchase and rank five Gu were practically not circulated in the market. As for rank six Immortal Gu; every one of them were one of its kind.

Fang Yuan had reached rank six Gu Immortal’s realm in his previous life, but he could only refine a rank six Spring Autumn Cicada. As for most of the Gu Masters, rank five Gu were already very hard to get.

The most important thing in a battle between rank five Gu Masters was the power of their rank five Gu.

“This is the power of a rank five Gu? Terrifying, rank four defensive Gu can hardly resist it, let alone rank three Gu…” From some far away corner, Bai Ning Bing observed the battle in San Cha mountain intently, her blue pupils flickering with grave light.

This was not the first time she saw a battle between rank five Gu Masters. She had seen it once before at Qing Mao mountain.

But the fighting strength of these three rank five Gu Masters were clearly much more powerful than Lord Sky Crane and first generation Gu Yue.

This was because first gen Gu Yue and Lord Sky Crane were decrepit rank five Gu Masters who were struggling at death’s door and used all kinds of ways to prolong their lifespan.

First gen Gu Yue hibernated all year round in blood coffin and changed himself into a zombie; neither human nor ghost.

And Lord Sky Crane was not much better, he came from Central Continent, his battle prowess was suppressed to some extent in Southern Border.

But these three rank five Gu Masters Bai Ning Bing was looking at were all at their peak state. Their intense battle naturally gave her spirit an even stronger impact.

“If I face such rank five Gu Masters, I will not be able to resist one move of theirs and there is no hope of even escaping!” Bai Ning Bing looked at the battle for a long time and subconsciously clenched her fists, deeply realizing the gap between her and these rank five peak stage powers like Tie Mu Bai and the rest.

Rank five peak stage Gu Masters were at the peak of the mortal world, an emperor among Gu Masters.

Especially when they used rank five Gu, the strength they could bring out could destroy mountains if they came across mountains, split apart rivers if they came across rivers; such an enormous power gave a feeling that it could not be stopped.

“This is the show you were waiting for?” Bai Ning Bing retrieved her gaze and looked at Fang Yuan standing beside her with a flash of understanding, “Tie Mu Bai is fighting one against two. It seems after this battle the structure of San Cha mountain will have a complete change. Demonic path will suppress righteous path; you were waiting for this opportunity since several months ago, right?”

Fang Yuan calmly gazed into the distance and shook his head indifferently: “Rank five Gu are very rare, many rank five Gu Masters don’t have even one rank five Gu and can only use use four Gu. Thus, a rank five Gu Master’s battle strength is determined by the rank five Gu they hold and their amount.”

“Demonic Gu Masters have always lacked resources and can mostly only rely on luck or fate. Ku Mo and Wu Gui have one or two rank five Gu with them. But Tie Mu Bai is different, he has a huge background called Tie clan, he should at least have three rank five Gu on him.”

Bai Ning Bing’s expression moved: “You mean Tie Mu Bai will be the winner of this battle?”

Fang Yuan, however, shook his head: “Gu worms are Gu Master’s trump card, the Gu Masters can be targeted against once their Gu are exposed. Tie Mu Bai will not easily reveal all his trump cards. From the start, this battle had neither a winner nor a loser.”

Bai Ning Bing was a smart person and immediately understood it after Fang Yuan gave her the clues.

No matter how intense this battle was, it was only a probe.

Why did Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui and Ku Mo came here?

Was it purely for revenge against each other?

Impossible!

For people like them, their greatest goal is to break away from mortal and charge through to rank six Gu Immortal realm, thereby gaining a longer life.

These three were at the peak, looking down on all mortals, and had rich experiences; gratitude and grudges could not move them. Each of their action held their own deep purpose.

“These three chose San Cha mountain for their battle instead of any other places. So, their purpose is already clear – three kings inheritance!”

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flickered with a pondering light.

“Three kings were rank five Gu Masters, their inheritance contains rank five Gu worms; each one of these rank five Gu can greatly increase their strength. With a treasure in front of them, how could they battle without care? Unless there is an extremely huge imbalance between the battle strength of the two sides. But from the current situation, it clearly is not so. So this battle can only end in a draw.”

The confusing battle situation suddenly became extremely clear.

Bai Ning Bing subconsciously looked at Fang Yuan.

When everyone’s hearts were throbbing intensely because of the intense battle of rank five Gu Masters, he was still so calm like he was a spectator watching something of no concern.

But was it really a matter of no concern?

Bai Ning Bing rejected this thought inwardly, no one knew clearer than her regarding the thirst Fang Yuan had towards three kings inheritance.

But even under such desire, he could still restrain his impulse.

Facing such an opponent, Bai Ning Bing’s heart felt incomparably heavy: “Such unfathomable shrewdness… how will I be able to take the yang Gu that can turn me back to a male from him?”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 374: Calamity and Tribulation of the Blessed Land 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Half a month later.

On a certain peak in San Cha mountain.

A group of ash-grey mountain apes close to a thousand in numbers tightly surrounded Tie Ruo Nan while screeching and screaming.

Tie Ruo Nan took in a deep breath, she suddenly waved her hand and shot a large cloud of golden needle Gu.

Golden needle Gu was not a natural Gu but was a Gu created by Tie clan’s Gu Masters. Every golden needle Gu was a rank two Gu, their length was around an index finger and were like thin golden needles.

Golden needle Gu shot through the apes; some stood on the spot without being able to move, some died from poison and some were driven into a frenzy and actually began attacking their nearby companions.

Tie Ruo Nan repeatedly shot out golden needles; there was chaos among the mountain apes and they suffered huge losses. In a sorry figure and while screeching miserably, they made their escape. Soon, the noisy battlefield quietened down.

Large numbers of mountain apes were on the ground; some were dead and some were at their last breaths.

Tie Ruo Nan slowly walked past them and shot out golden needle Gu again.

But this time, these golden needle Gu had healing effects, they shot into the mountain apes and turned into balls of golden light, moving back and forth between their injuries. Many mountain apes recovered their movement ability.

Golden needle Gu by itself was not wondrous. But when matched with poison liquid Gu, it could turn into poison needle. When matched with stiff Gu, it could make the enemies unable to move a single step. When matched with chaotic mind Gu, it could cause chaos among the enemies making them unable to differentiate between their allies and enemies. And when matched with vitality Gu, it had healing properties.

Tie Ruo Nan had spent around seven to eight days to be proficient in the combination of these four types of battle tactics. Thus, she was able to defeat close to a thousand mountain apes by herself.

“Ruo Nan, this child has an outstanding talent with high comprehension and more importantly, her nature is tenacious and resolute, she is indeed someone who will become a pillar of Tie clan.” Tie Mu Bai watched this nearby with no expression on his face, but his heart was full of praises.

This old Tie clan leader had seen the rise of countless talents in his life and also witnessed the fall of innumerable geniuses.

He was very clear: In a dangerous and difficult environment, many outstanding geniuses would emerge. But talent was only one aspect, what mattered was the nature of the geniuses.

If a genius could put up with hardships and endure loneliness, they would definitely have great accomplishments in the future.

A genius that had poor disposition could only be a shooting star, shining for only an instant.

Why would Tie Mu Bai teach Tie Ruo Nan? On one hand, Tie Ruo Nan was blood-related to Tie Xue Leng, who had certain relationship with him; on the other hand, Tie Ruo Nan had been polished like limestone after a series of trials; all traces of impatience had gone leaving behind stability and perseverance.

Tie Ruo Nan was like an unpolished jade that let out dazzling light after being polished slightly.

“Old clan leader.” Tie Ruo Nan climbed up the peak towards Tie Mu Bai and cupped her hands in greeting.

The girl was full of admiration and respect towards this old man.

Half a month ago, this old man Tie Mu Bai fought against two rank five experts of the demonic path by himself.

He first used rank five turn gold Gu to contend with the two demons easily. Then, he used rank five liquid metal Gu to make these two experts back out and weakened their fighting spirits; the battle finally ended with both sides relenting.

Tie Mu Bai’s strength was like a basin of cold water that poured on the hearts of the demonic Gu Masters, causing their rising flames of angers to weaken in an instant.

The conclusion of the battle was that both righteous and demonic paths could contend for three kings inheritance. But everyone could clearly see how good Tie Mu Bai was and that he had not used his full strength.

“Good. Being able to grasp this flexible battle tactic in such a short time is remarkable.” Tie Mu Bai praised indifferently as he casually waved his hand.

Whoosh!

A large cloud of golden needle Gu shot out.

However, different from Tie Ruo Nan’s golden needle Gu, the golden needle Gu Tie Mu Bai commanded were extremely small like raindrops.

When they moved in the sky, they were like a cloud of golden fog.

The golden fog moved with the wind and brushed past an area of boulders. Pitter-patter sounds as if thousands of silkworms were eating mulberries came from the giant boulders.

Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils shrunk, immediately realizing the amazing aspect of this move.

The golden fog infiltrated and penetrated the boulders, creating countless tiny holes in them. The trees nearby the boulders were also pierced through, all signs of life within them extinguished instantly.

If someone were struck by these Gu, their whole body and insides would be perforated and destroyed; it was a really terrifying killer move!

Tie Mu Bai casually waved his hand and threw out three golden needle Gu.

These three golden needles were, however, different; they were thick and long. Normal golden needle Gu had a finger sized length, but these three golden needles had palm sized length.

The three golden needle Gu flew and pierced into a mountain ape’s head.

One shot like a perpendicular lightning, straight into the mountain ape from the top of its head, while the other two entered through the left and right temples; the needles almost completely entering the mountain ape’s head with only a small portion remaining on the outside.

This mountain ape had been healed by Tie Ruo Nan and was just making its escape when it was struck by the golden needles.

The mountain ape let out a painful scream and leaped a couple of times, kneeling in front of Tie Mu Bai.

The ape’s eyes were wide open with incomparable panic, dread and anger.

The strange thing was it could not control its body and kneeled down reverentially and without making any movements. It was not even able to let out a shout.

Tie Ruo Nan had never expected to see such a peculiar scene and was stupefied for a while.

Tie Mu Bai laughed and looked at the mountain ape at his feet, he indifferently said: “Golden needle Gu combined with create fog Gu can form golden fog. This golden fog looks faint and weak, but is actually extremely powerful and is specialized in breaking through Gu Master’s defense. When I was twenty-eight and was roaming Southern Border, I used this move to dominate the region of Luchuan river.”

Tie Mu Bai paused for a while and continued: “Golden needle Gu combined with puppet control Gu, can take control of living bodies. When I was forty-two and my cultivation advanced to rank four peak stage, I ended my closed cultivation and began to roam the world to test my skills. When I arrived at Tie Mu mountain, I was attacked by a group of over fifty demonic path mountain bandits. I used this move to make thirty-eight of them defect and finally captured all of them and got rid of these evil beings.”

Tie Ruo Nan became more fascinated the more she heard.

Since her early years, she followed her father and travelled everywhere. And she had heard of this old clan leader’s heroic deeds.

The old clan leader had A grade aptitude and revealed his talent the moment he started cultivating, becoming the number one youth star of Tie clan at that time. He also lived up to others’ expectations, advancing to rank four peak stage before fifty.

He ended his secluded cultivation and roamed Southern Border, crossing mountains and rivers to test his skills, and made a name for himself.

After returning to Tie clan, he became the clan leader and brought Tie clan to new heights. For a while, Tie clan was in such limelight that it made Wu clan, Shang clan and the rest lose their splendor.

His whole life was filled with glory and brilliance. He had countless battle achievements under him, whether it was his lone achievements while roaming the Southern Border or leading a group of heroes to eliminate evil – he had few losses.

The way he did his work was unyielding and domineering, daring to stand directly up to the enemies; many of his enemies would be terror stricken at the mention of him when he was reigning. Even righteous path figures would feel mental pressure when they heard Tie Mu Bai’s name.

Right now, as Tie Ruo Nan listened to the old clan leader recall those olden days indifferently, she became overwhelmed with emotions.

She could not help imagining a scene.

A hero at his prime, handsome and graceful, donning a blue robe, moved unhindered around the world. He defeated powerful enemies by himself, no one could block him and countless people watched him.

However, time was ruthless, turning that young man into an elderly.

But Tie Mu Bai was still Tie Mu Bai.

Even if he was more old, it could not hide his glorious deeds.

These battle accomplishments were a dazzling halo that covered his body and even the layers of dust of history could not block its radiance.

“Lord old clan leader, I will not let you down, golden needle Gu will not shame your name in my hands!” Tie Ruo Nan spoke resolutely.

The old man gratefully nodded and patted Tie Ruo Nan’s shoulder.

“Child, you have a strong mind and our Tie clan’s blood flows in your veins. You have to shoulder the responsibility of our Tie clan’s children. I will teach you all that I know, and I hope that one day, you can be capable enough to raise the flag of Tie clan. I am leaving that little beast king Fang Zheng to you as your test, do you have confidence?”

“I have confidence and also have a plan. Old clan leader, you can rest assured, Fang Zheng has already completely fallen into the demonic path, I will definitely retrieve his head!” Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone with resolute light.

“Good, do not be arrogant in victory or discouraged in defeat, you are able to get out of your shock and derive strength from your tribulation, this is something that is impossible for many youngsters. As long as you maintain this, you will definitely become the glory of Tie clan! Now, I shall teach you the principle behind these two tactics along with my insights and experience in them, as well as all the other different combinations that can be derived.”

Like this, one taught diligently and another did her best to learn.

After over an hour, Tie Mu Bai finished teaching everything: “Good, you can ask me anything you are unclear about.”

Tie Ruo Nan had outstanding comprehension ability and had already engraved all the teachings into her mind.

However, she thought for a while and asked: “These days, I have found that the opening time of three kings inheritance has been getting shorter and the amount of Gu Masters that can enter has also been getting lesser. The three light pillars are no longer as thick and bright as before. Right now, there has been many rumors saying the blessed land is already nearing its end. Is this true?”

Tie Mu Bai nodded: “It is indeed so.”

“You are still not ready to learn some things. All living things exist in balance – with darkness, there is light; with water there is fire; with blessing, there is calamity.” His gaze turned towards the peak of San Cha mountain and sighed: “Every blessed land will face earthly calamity every ten years and heavenly tribulation every hundred years. This blessed land originated from a mysterious Gu Immortal from ancient times and was later was inherited by the three kings and remodelled into this inheritance site.”

“This blessed land is already old, its lifespan is almost at its end. A land spirit could prolong this time, but unfortunately there is no land spirit here.”

“A blessed land without a land spirit is an enormous boat that is sinking. Anyone can enter inside and plunder the treasures within. The more they plunder, the bigger the holes in this giant boat and the quicker it would sink. This Gu Immortal blessed land is already nearing its end and will only last for less than ten years before it is destroyed due to the exhaustion of immortal essence.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 375: Gathering of Experts 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“To think that even blessed lands faced destruction…” Tie Ruo Nan heard the secret and sighed lightly.

“How can there be any existence in this world that is indestructible? The cycle of heavenly fate, the competition of all living beings, in this wide universe, we mortals are like a single speck of sand at the bottom of an entire sea, small and insignificant. Only by advancing to a Gu Immortal, can we surpass mortality, and have our own foundation, turning from sand into an island, having the ability to resist the sea waves.” Tie Mu Bai’s tone was full of lamentation.

“When the blessed land faces destruction, wouldn’t the people inside be in great danger?” Tie Ruo Nan asked again.

“That is right.” Tie Mu Bai nodded: “The moment the blessed land vanishes, the wind of assimilation will blow, fusing heaven and earth together, as everything inside the blessed land would turn into the most basic primeval essence in this world. This wind’s power can sweep away all dust and particle, even Gu Immortals fear it, because even Gu Immortals can be destroyed by it.”

“There is such a powerful wind?” Tie Ruo Nan was shocked beyond words, showing great worry in her eyes.

Tie Mu Bai waved his hand: “No worry, I have already stepped into the blessed land many times, I have gained deep understanding of it, and have always been observing and learning about it. The blessed land is indeed weakening, but there is still a long time before it faces destruction. During this period, the heavenly power in the blessed land will weaken, and the restrictions towards us Gu Masters would decrease. Slowly, we would be able to use one or two Gu, and then three or four, five or six… Eventually, the blessed land would be full of loopholes, and form an entrance where we can enter and exit at will.”

Tie Mu Bai looked afar, his gaze deep and filled with knowledge, like he could predict the future.

“At the final period, that will be the true decisive battle of three kings inheritance. As the restriction from the blessed land is gone, anyone can use their full power. They can plunder and battle to their heart’s extent. By then, San Cha mountain would not only have three rank five Gu Masters, that would truly be the gathering of experts, the rise of snakes and dragons.”

Tie Ruo Nan felt a flash of inspiration, and realized.

She finally understood why Tie Mu Bai did not fight to the death with those two demonic Gu Masters.

That is because, his future enemies were not only these two. Fighting with all he had so early on would only benefit others.

Towards the end of the three kings inheritance, the Gu Masters would receive greater and better rewards.

Those who truly understood the blessed land, had already been preparing for the final battle.

…

Central continent.

Tian Ti mountain.

Hu Immortal Blessed Land.

“I am finally at the mountain waist.” Fang Zheng breathed roughly, sweat dripping from his forehead.

His arms and legs were numb and sore, they had no energy left. Using his own strength, and climbing to this level, it had squeezed out all the potential he had in his soul.

The mountain winds blew, and a strong feeling of dizziness hit him, causing Fang Zheng to feel like he was going to fall.

His entire vision was spinning, after his soul was expended to the max, he even lost the ability to think.

In his daze, he heard from within his aperture, the incubating flea: “Good, very good, my good disciple, you have endured this far, it was not easy. You have succeeded, now it will be up to your master me!”

Saying so, Fang Zheng felt a formless energy flowing into the deepest part of his soul.

The falling feeling immediately disappeared, like a child who was learning how to walk but was suddenly assisted by an adult.

His vision became clear, and Fang Zheng’s dizziness vanished at a rapid speed.

Fang Zheng breathed in deeply several times, he felt fantastic!

Like a traveller in the desert, about to die of thirst, but suddenly drinking fresh water. Or like someone who had worked non-stop all the time, suddenly sleeping seven days and seven nights.

Everything became great, he felt awesome.

“Good disciple, make use of your time, and climb quickly!” Lord Sky Crane urged.

“Yes master!” Fang Zheng’s eyes were shining like a tiger’s. He raised his head, and saw Feng Jin Huang and others, leading far ahead, but they were getting slower.

Fang Zheng felt an unprecedented sense of confidence.

“I can do it, with master’s help, I can definitely defeat these geniuses, and became the sole inheritor of Hu Immortal blessed land! Fang Zheng, hang in there!”

After encouraging himself for a bit, Fang Zheng continued climbing.

His movements became fast and steady, his speed was extremely fast, like he was bursting out his second wind. This performance, attracted people’s attention and emphasis.

After Hu Immortal blessed land opened, it was connected to the outside world.

Thus, the ten Gu Immortals outside the blessed land immediately found out Fang Zheng’s weird condition.

“Eh? This child, he was at his limit, and was about to be eliminated, how did he suddenly get so energetic?”

“Something’s strange, this speed is even faster than Feng Jin Huang and the others!”

“This junior is from Immortal Crane Sect. So that’s it, I see…”

The ten Gu Immortals exchanged their thoughts, and someone quickly found out Fang Zheng’s trump card.

“He Feng Yang, you sure are generous. Spirit incubating flea is not precious, but to ensure the flea still works, you used one’s own way Gu didn’t you?

He Feng Yang was one of Immortal Crane Sect’s supreme elders, he had a rank six “One’s own way Gu”, everyone knew that.

One’s own way Gu, it allowed other Gu worms to operate in the blessed land.

It was an expenditure Gu, only usable for three times. After three times, it would vanish into thin air.

“He Feng Yang, you had great schemes, using this secret chess piece.”

“I’m flattered. Among the youngsters, Myriad Dragon Dock has Ying Sheng Ji, Spirit Affinity House has Feng Jin Huang, Spirit Butterfly Valley has Xiao Qi Xing, we Immortal Crane Sect cannot contend, thus we had to do this.” He Feng Yang was very modest and low-key.

The other Gu Immortals could only laugh dryly.

They had their own rank six Gu worms, but they did not have one’s own way Gu, they could not provide such assistance.

Rank six Gu worms were Immortal Gu, one in the world. At any point in time, in the whole wide world, only one exists.

Immortal Gu were so much rarer than rank five Gu worms, many rank six Immortals do not even have one Immortal Gu.

Back in Fang Yuan’s previous life, he became an immortal. But to refine his first rank six Spring Autumn Cicada, he spent a massive amount of time and effort, the moment he succeeded, the righteous path attacked him, their motive was the Immortal Gu.

The ten Gu Immortals here, because they relied on their sects, they all had their trump cards. But even then, they only had one to two Immortal Gu.

He Feng Yan had the one’s own way Gu, that means that other Gu Immortals did not!

The most important thing was, He Feng Yang’s act did not exceed their bottomline, nor did he break the rules of the game. The other Gu Immortals could only watch from here, unable to interfere.

“It is a pity my Immortal Gu specializes in attack, if I use it, that would be attacking the Hu Immortal inheritance, it would not work.”

“Although I have a defensive Immortal Gu to protect the soul, my disciples do not have the immortal essence needed to activate it. Otherwise, Hu Immortal Inheritance would be ours for sure.”

“The results are not determined yet, this disciple from Immortal Crane Sect has the help of the spirit incubating flea and has a huge advantage. But he was lagging behind from the start, we will have to see what happens from now…”

“Eighty years ago, He Feng Yang used the one’s own way Gu, this is the second time. That means, the one’s own way Gu in his hand can only be used one more time. He paid such a huge price, only to gain an advantage in competing for the inheritance.”

The other Gu Immortals assessed, and decided to remain observers, not making their moves yet.

…

On San Cha mountain, three pillars of light shot into the sky.

The three kings inheritance opened again, strongly attracting all the southern border Gu Masters.

Just as Tie Mu Bai said, on San Cha mountain, experts started to gather, and a storm was brewing.

“Did you hear? Just yesterday, Li Fei Le came to San Cha mountain.”

“Ah, you mean ‘sturdy as a mountain’ Li Fei Le?”

Soon, another established expert came to San Cha mountain.

Li Fei Le’s cultivation was rank four upper stage, an earth path Gu Master. His title was ‘sturdy as a mountain’, an expert in defense. He was Li clan’s rising star, and was nurtured greatly by the clan. But this person was dedicated towards pursuing strength.

Dedication after losing one’s direction, becomes obsession.

To pursue the greatest strength, he killed people to refine Gu, and was not accepted by the righteous path, becoming a demonic path cultivator.

Li Fei Le was only the start, in the month after, more and more established Gu Masters arrived at San Cha mountain.

The enslavement path Gu Master Zhang San San, when he was rank three peak stage, he killed a rank four Gu Master, now that he was rank four middle stage, people called him the enslavement master.

The righteous path expert Tao Zi, he had a famous rank five healing Gu that was renowned in southern border — spirit peach Gu.

There was also Yun Luo Tian, young clan leader of Yun clan, wind path Gu Master, reaching rank three peak stage at age twenty-three. Right now, he was thirty-five, a step away from rank four peak stage.

More and more famous Gu Masters, like sharks smelling blood, stepped into San Cha mountain, competing for the three kings inheritance and trying to get their share of the pie.

These Gu Masters had at least rank three upper stage cultivation, and some were even rank four realm.

A month later, San Cha mountain saw its fourth rank five Gu Master.

Wang Xiao.

He was the owner of Wu mountain, a demonic Gu Master, rank five poison cultivator, a true overlord of his area.

Two months later, Wu clan’s Wu Lan Shan arrived.

As the number one clan, Wu clan had always been dominating southern border. The Wu Lan Shan they sent was the younger cousin of Wu clan leader, once she appeared, she held a great battle with Wang Xiao.

Although the battle ended in a draw, her performance showed she exceeded Ku Mo and Wu Gui.

Another eight days later, Chou Jiu who was famous among the demonic cultivators, appeared on San Cha mountain’s mountain foot, causing a commotion.

Chou Jiu was also rank five, but had little battle strength. He was a healing Gu Master, the famous killer ghost doctor, one of the four great doctors together with doctor Su Shou, travelling doctor Jiu Zhi, and divine doctor Sheng Shou.

He had a strange personality, having this weird rule, anyone he heals needs to kill a person for him in return.

He saves a live, and takes another. Thus people call him: killer ghost doctor.

He who walks by the river is bound to get his shoes wet. In this cruel world, Gu Masters cannot avoid getting injured and sick, they will have to beg a doctor for help eventually.

The four great doctors healed both demonic and righteous, once the killer ghost doctor ascended San Cha mountain, he was invited by Tie Mu Bai earnestly, and the two drank happily in a banquet.

Time passed by quickly, the three kings inheritance opened and closed, closed and opened.

This day, three kings inheritance opened again.

At the mountain foot, two people appeared.

Soon, people recognised them, screaming in shock: “The black and white twin demons, they are here again!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 376: Fang Yuan courts death 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

On the mountain peak, three light pillars of red, blue, and yellow presented themselves before the people.

Compared to the start, observant people could see that these three pillars had dimmed greatly, at the same time their size had shrunk, less than half of the original.

This Gu Immortal Blessed Land that originated from ancient times, had reached its final moments. After being remodelled by the three kings, it was starting to collapse under the plundering of countless Gu Masters.

It was like a sinking ship, the seawater had submerged more than half of it, only the sail and mast are still floating.

“Old clan leader Tie, you first.” After considering for a while, Wu Lan Shan cupped her fists politely at Tie Mu Bai.

Among the rank five Gu Masters present, Tie Mu Bai was still the one with greatest strength.

On this San Cha Mountain, he was the number one person of the rank fives. Even throughout southern border, he was a top-tier rank five Gu Master.

Tie Mu bai’s status was publicly recognised.

Even opponents like Ku Mo and Wu Gui had to admit this point.

Tie Mu Bai looked at the three pillars, nodding: “Then I will go first.”

His every action was under everyone’s observation. The few thousand Gu Masters at the inheritance entrance were all looking at him.

Tie Mu Bai took the lead, entering King Xin Inheritance.

Wu Gui and Ku Mo looked at each other, since Tie Mu Bai chose King Xin Inheritance, they should avoid encountering him.

Between rank five Gu Masters, they tend to avoid such unnecessary competition.

The final battle at the end was the stage for them to unleash their true abilities.

After Tie Mu Bai, Wu Lan Shan, Wang Xiao and the others all chose their respective entrances, entering the inheritance.

Next, Yi Huo was the first rank four peak stage Gu Master to enter, followed by the others.

On San Cha mountain, righteous and demonic Gu Masters were gathered together. Enemies who usually fought on sight became extremely orderly when it came to such huge benefits.

But at this moment, the quiet mountain peak became noisy.

First, it was the Gu Masters standing at the outside area discussing among themselves. Soon, Gu Masters in the inner circle also turned their heads to look.

“It is the black and white twin demons, they are finally back!” Some recognised the source of the commotion, and exclaimed.

“They are the black and white twin demons? The recent rising stars of the demonic path?” Some people saw Fang and Bai for the first time and observed them closely.

“These two youngsters are not simple. One was trapped by the Tie clan old-timers for months without falling. The other is even stronger, fighting seven Tie clansmen single-handedly and even killing Tie Ba Xiu!” Someone introduced.

Fang and Bai had caused a great commotion in San Cha mountain, it left a deep impression on them. Now, many people could still vividly recall the scene.

Tie Ba Xiu… I fought against him before. Fang Zheng is truly not simple, being able to kill him at such a young age.” Someone nodded, his expression turning solemn.

“From what I see, his ‘present age overlord’ is just a overstatement. Letting a junior get famous, he is a disgrace to his generation.” A Gu Master scoffed.

“So what if the black and white demons came? Times are different now, on San Cha mountain, there are six rank five Gu Masters! The two of them are rank four Gu Masters, they can’t do anything here.”

“That’s right, especially after Fang Zheng killed some Tie clansmen, Tie Mu Bai would not let him off. But he is really daring, still having the guts to come here.”

“Isn’t it obvious, he only dared to show up after Tie Mu Bai entered the inheritance.”

The people discussed softly, all sorts of gazes were on Fang and Bai; curiosity, inspection, solemn, and frivolous.

There were also many others who did not look at them, but placed their sights on another person.

This person was standing among the rank four Gu Masters, tight clothing with eyes shining like stars, tightly knit eyebrows, it was Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Ruo Nan was a rank four Gu Master, she naturally stood with the rank four Gu Masters to enter the inheritance.

Although Tie Mu Bai was the number one person on San Cha mountain, he had to follow the rules, and be an example. Otherwise, he would not be able to control the Gu Masters on San Cha mountain.

This was the conduct of a leader of the righteous path.

“Fang Zheng, it’s you!” Tie Ruo Nan stood out from the people, staring fiercely at Fang Yuan, her tone extremely agitated.

Seeing Fang Yuan, the enemy who had so many Tie clansmen’s blood on his hands, the young girl’s heart was filled with hatred and anger, she wanted to go and kill him immediately.

Her tightly clenched fists slowly loosened.

Tightened and loosened, loosened and tightened. Such a repetitive action showed the struggle in her heart.

Eventually, Tie Ruo Nan opened her palm, breathing out deeply, her eyes regaining clarity: “Little beast king, you do not have to worry about old clan leader’s attack. Your life is mine, one day, I will kill you, and offer it to the heroic spirit of my Tie clansmen. Just you wait!”

Saying so, the young girl turned around and entered the light pillar, vanishing.

“Is Tie Ruo Nan afraid? She left without fighting!”

“It seems little beast king’s dominance remains, this Tie clan young master did not dare to battle.”

“I feel that this young girl was smart. The three kings inheritance is in front of her, such a rare event should be treasured. What is the point of fighting and killing now?”

Fang Yuan frowned deeply.

Tie Ruo Nan’s performance surprised him. Being able to control her furious emotions, it was not an easy task. Many famous Gu Masters could not do it.

“Tie Ruo Nan… I cannot let you grow further.”

This was rare, Fang Yuan felt threat from someone of the same generation.

The things Tie Mu Bai taught Tie Ruo Nan were not a secret, everyone knew about it. Fang Yuan, of course, knew clearly.

Tie Ruo Nan had talent, aptitude, and her heart was determined. Adding in the nurturing of the clan, she was like a swallow soaring into the heavens, one day, she will rise beyond the clouds, and turn into a phoenix.

Controlling the killing intent in his heart, Fang Yuan walked towards the inheritance entrance.

A large portion of the rank four Gu Masters gave way to them immediately.

“Hold it.” Suddenly, a righteous Gu Master walked up and blocked their paths.

This righteous Gu Master wore white clothing, his sleeves were wide and swayed with the wind, and he had a handsome face. It was none other than Yun clan’s young clan leader, Yun Luo Tian.

“Little beast king, I heard you killed Tie Ba Xiu.” Yun Luo Tian stood before Fang Yuan, after giving him a glance, he started to observe Bai Ning Bing.

“Do you know?” He pointed at Fang Yuan, saying arrogantly: “You won in an unfair way, you used a flying Gu and killed a member my righteous faction, you took the easy way out.”

The atmosphere was extremely heavy.

Yun Luo Tian’s words were very offensive, and Fang Yuan was an arrogant person, at this rate, they were going to fight.

Many Gu Masters took steps back, getting away from these two.

Under everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan’s eyes were eerie as he looked at Yun Luo Tian, nodding, suddenly laughing: “You are right, I used a loophole and killed Tie Ba Xiu, sorry about that.”

Yun Luo Tian was stunned, he did not think that this little beast king would reply this way. Isn’t this different from the information about him?

These years of closed cultivation, he had trained in the art of flying. He feels that his flying skills were not inferior to the few flying experts of southern border. Thus, he wanted to challenge Fang Yuan, and build his reputation.

But Fang Yuan was so courteous, he could not continue finding problems with him.

Demonic cultivators were evil and ruthless, but he was a righteous member, and the young clan leader of Yun clan, his every action was closely inspected, after all, it represented Yun clan’s image.

Yun Luo Tian stood dazed for a moment before calming his mind: “We let young master Tie Ruo Nan go first because we admire old clan leader Tie Mu Bai. Since you know you had an unfair victory, you should stand down now. There are so many heroes and geniuses here, it is not your turn to enter yet.”

Yun Luo Tian waved his sleeve at Fang Yuan, speaking plainly.

Although he secretly flattered the people around him, it caused them to become even more nervous, and everyone felt a storm approaching.

Just as everyone was preparing for battle, Fang Yuan took a step back: “Sir makes sense. It was my fault, you guys should go first.”

Yun Luo Tian laughed loudly, waving his sleeves and relaxed, walking towards the light pillar, entering after tens of steps.

Although he did not fight with Fang Yuan, he felt the gains were greater.

Not long after, words would spread that he challenged little beast king verbally, and scared this demonic rising star till he retreated.

At that time, his reputation would surge, and Yun clan’s reputation in the righteous faction would rise as well.

After Yun Luo Tian entered the inheritance, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing entered King Bao Inheritance together.

Seeing them disappear, the remaining rank four Gu Masters started conversing.

“Is this still little beast king? He is so polite?”

“Did he take the wrong medicine, or did I see wrongly? This world is changing too quickly!”

“Hehe, little beast king gave in, he is such a coward. If it was me, I would’ve rolled up my sleeves and fought.”

“Sigh, his opponent is Yun Luo Tian after all! Although Yun clan is not a super clan, it is still a first-class clan.”

…

After his vision of the spinning world calmed down, Fang Yuan assessed his surroundings.

Grey-white sky, light red ground, extended towards the horizons. On the ground, there were pieces of volcanic rocks, hot rising steam, or grey dust cloud.

“Devil again, they descended again!”

“My companions, quickly gather together. As long as we fight together, we can defeat the demon king!”

“Come, our Hong Dan village can only be protected by ourselves!”

The top of volcanic rocks were flipped over, and tiny humans walked out.

These tiny people were the size of babies, they were pink and tender, extremely cute. Most importantly, at the middle of their chests, they had a cute and round red egg.

These were the eggmen.

Similar to the hairy men, they were variant humans.

Fang Yuan gave a glance, and knew these were the red eggmen among the eggmen. The egg on them were red, and they used the large volcanic rocks to build their houses, and lived inside.

At this moment, Fang Yuan could only use one exploding egg Gu.

King Bao Inheritance’s aim was to make Fang Yuan use the exploding egg Gu to exterminate these red eggmen. That way, he can advance to the next round.

Facing the assaulting red eggmen, Fang Yuan did not move.

He let them attack him.

These attacks accumulated, quickly injuring him heavily.

Fang Yuan could not breathe properly, he was bathed in blood and the feeling of death was creeping up on him. At this moment, even if he used the exploding egg Gu, it could not change the situation.

Letting himself get into such a dangerous situation, Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a smile.

“This moment has finally arrived!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 377: Refining an Immortal Gu! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

A bunch of short red eggmen encircled Fang Yuan, attacking constantly.

“Eh? Is this devil a fool, why is he not moving?”

“If only all devils were such fools, that would be great!”

“Do not let your guard down, devils are extremely crafty, quickly kill him.”

Seeing Fang Yuan about to die, the red eggmen cheered victoriously.

But at this moment, a formless energy descended and swept Fang Yuan away!

Falling into encirclement, the dying and unconsciously Fang Yuan vanished without a trace, leaving behind a bunch of shocked red eggmen.

When Fang Yuan woke up from his slumber, the scenery before him was completely different than before.

This was a dark blue colored hall.

The hall was extremely plain, made with large cube bronze blocks. There were a lot of moss on the blocks, showing how long they have already existed.

Fang Yuan laid on the center of the hall, feeling the chill from the bronze block under his back.

“I’ve already healed your injuries.” A large tortoise opened its wrinkled eyes slowly, staring at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan slowly got up from the ground, first touching his own body, his injuries were truly healed.

Next, he looked around the hall in a calm expression.

Lastly, he turned his gaze over towards the huge tortoise before him.

This huge tortoise was large as a house, a thick and hard jade thin shell on its back. Its four legs were like elephant legs, and there were two dragon whiskers growing out of its face.

Fang Yuan looked at this huge tortoise, his lips curling into a smile, as his smile turned into laughter.

“Hahaha…” His laughter echoed in the hall.

He purposely courted death, not even using the Spring Autumn Cicada, it was all because of his previous life’s knowledge and information, there was a huge risk involved. It could be said, one wrong move and game over . But a demonic cultivator moved forward relentlessly, they were most skilled at all-in gambles. Right now, Fang Yuan reached the main hall, and his risks had all paid off.

After laughing heartily, Fang Yuan stopped laughing, facing the huge tortoise: “Land spirit Ba Gui, you finally awakened from your slumber.”

“You know me?” The huge tortoise’s voice created vibrations as there was some suspicion in its eyes.

“That’s right, I know you, and I also know the secret of this blessed land.” Fang Yuan nodded, walking in the hall with his hands behind his back.

“This blessed land originated from an ancient strength path Gu Immortal. The Gu Immortal protected the blessed land, resisting calamities and tribulations, but eventually, he died in one of the tribulations. His dying wish gathered with this blessed land’s heavenly power, formed the land spirit. That is you, Ba Gui. As long as I complete his wish before he died, I can become the new owner of this blessed land, am I right about that?”

Fang Yuan spoke openly, not beating about the bush.

Although the land spirit is formed from the Gu Immortal, it is no longer human, but merely the immortal’s will.

Using an explanation from Earth, that would be, a preprogrammed AI 1 .

As long as the land spirit’s requirement is met, one can gain its recognition and become the new owner of the blessed land.

Thus, when Fang Yuan spoke, there was no need for any schemes or plots.

The huge tortoise nodded: “That’s right, his final wish before dying is also the blessed land’s test. As long as you can complete it, you can become my master.”

“And the contents of this wish, is to refine the second aperture Gu right?” Fang Yuan followed.

During ancient times, strength path flourished, eight out of ten Gu Masters walked the strength path.

This blessed land’s original master, was a strength path Gu Immortal, he created the recipe for second aperture Gu. But right before the crucial step, he died in a tribulation.

After he died, this final obsession became the land spirit.

That is, the huge tortoise before Fang Yuan now.

To complete this wish, the huge tortoise had been waiting aimlessly. But time passed, and no one that fulfilled the criteria showed up.

This fated person, had to be a strength path Gu Master, owned beast phantoms, and also strong to a degree.

Next, this strength path Gu Master had to be on the brink of death to receive this opportunity.

This is because, the blessed land’s previous owner had a lot of lingering grudge and hatred, refusing to let others gain his fortune so easily.

But he still wanted to refine the second aperture Gu, thus there was such a requirement for the fated person to be as close to death as possible, just like him. Only someone who had shared his emotion could be qualified to gain everything.

But time passed, and the calamities and tribulations continued to occur.

The land spirit Ba Gui could not find a suitable strength path Gu Master.

To preserve its immortal essence, it could only choose to slumber helplessly.

The wide and huge blessed land, after many calamities and tribulations, had shrunk to less than one percent of its original size.

One calamity was enough to puncture a thousand holes in the blessed land.

Thus, there was a hole created, and a path to the outside world was connected to the blessed land.

Three roaming kids came here and relied on the blessed land’s resources to cultivate to fruition. These were the three kings of the demonic path.

After the three kings got their revenge, they returned to the blessed land to live.

As time passed, they got more familiar with the blessed land and were a step away from rank six.

But in the end, none of them broke through and before dying, they remodelled the place into the three kings inheritance ground.

The three kings walked on the refinement, fire, and enslavement path, none was a strength path Gu Master.

The moment the remodelling began, the land spirit was woken up.

It watched silently without stopping them. It wanted to use this inheritance to attract qualified strength path Gu Masters as well.

When the three kings inheritance opened, countless Gu Masters entered, and increased the blessed land’s immortal essence expenditure. As the blessed land faced the risk of destruction, the huge tortoise awakened from its slumber.

After waking up, the first thing the land spirit did was to find the fated person.

In the entire blessed land, there were many strength path Gu Masters. But those who fulfilled its requirements were none.

In ancient times, strength path was mainstream. But now that times have changed, strength path was eliminated, on the brink of extinction. Those who truly cultivated strength path to a high level, were even rarer.

Hearing Fang Yuan talk about the second aperture Gu, the land spirit Ba Gui was stunned: “You know a lot.”

It felt strange, but did not pursue the matter.

To it, the fated person had already been found, now the next target was to refine the second aperture Gu.

However, it was not easy to refine second aperture Gu.

That is because, second aperture Gu was not a mortal Gu, it was a rank six Immortal Gu!

But Fang Yuan was already mentally prepared, directly asking: “Second aperture Gu is a rank six Gu. Rank five is mortal, rank six is immortal! To refine an Immortal Gu, the most basic condition is immortal essence! In the blessed land, how much immortal essence is left?”

The tortoise turned its body, gazing deep within the hall.

The flooring cracked open, as a hole appeared, and a bronze cauldron rose slowly. Eventually, the flooring closed up, leaving the cauldron alone in the hall.

This cauldron had three legs and two handles, it was filled with immortal essence inside.

The immortal essence was a greenish water, crystal clear and giving off a rusty smell.

There was very little immortal essence, only a thin layer left in the cauldron, and as time flowed, it slowly decreased drop by drop.

This is because, after the blessed land opened, countless Gu Masters explored, and entered and left multiple times, expending immortal essence.

“But this is already much better than in my previous life. As long as I ration it properly…” Fang Yuan looked at this layer of immortal essence, thinking deeply, as sparks seemed to be flying above his head.

In his previous life, after the three kings inheritance opened, the land spirit waited but did not meet its fated owner.

Only towards the end of the inheritance did the land spirit find a suitable, dying strength path Gu Master and transported him in.

This lucky person was a demonic path member, surviving the ordeal and benefitting from the crisis.

However, he was very poor at refining Gu worms, when he started the refinement process, he died.

Towards the end, Gu Masters had a great understanding of the three kings inheritance, and knew when to advance and retreat. They all had some trump cards or tokens to preserve their lives, and could easily leave at will.

Towards the end, the blessed land could not sustain it much more, and Gu Masters could freely use their Gu worms, fighting and causing bloodshed.

Where there are battles, there are deaths and injuries.

The land spirit found a chance, and chose a few strength path Gu Masters from among them.

But by then, it was already too late. There was a severe lack of immortal essence, and the land spirit was severely weakened, unable to do anything.

In the end, the blessed land continued to break down, as Gu Masters found this hall. Arriving here, they battled with the land spirit, and killed the strength path Gu Master who was refining the Gu.

Only then did they know, that San Cha mountain’s blessed land held such a secret.

But at that time, immortal essence was expended, and the land spirit was dead, the Gu refinement ended in utter failure.

The legendary second aperture Gu, became extinct before the first one was even created.

“Second aperture Gu, allowing a Gu Master to have a second aperture. Even an idiot would know the value of this Gu! I have A grade aptitude now, one aperture holds ninety percent primeval essence. If I have the second aperture Gu, I would have a hundred and eighty percent primeval essence. At the same time, I can have double the primeval essence recovery speed, and even a second set of Gu worms. My battle strength will surge, and create history for myself. Once I succeed, I will definitely be the strongest person among the same rank!”

Fang Yuan was secretly excited.

But to refine this Immortal Gu, the process was really difficult, it would not be an easy task. Even Tie Mu Bai would feel stunned at this.

But to Fang Yuan, it was another situation all together.

Firstly, he was a rank six Gu Immortal in his past life who used the Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth, he also succeeded in refining the Spring Autumn Cicada, he had the precious experience of creating an Immortal Gu.

Secondly, ever since the three kings inheritance opened, he had been plotting.

He challenged strength path Gu Masters everywhere, eliminating his competition. Xue San Si, Century Boy, they were all chosen by the land spirit in his previous life, but now, they died in Fang Yuan’s hands.

Lastly, he had the help of the land spirit.

In his previous life, the land spirit was already very weak when he saw the first lucky person. Towards the end, it was so feeble it got killed by a bunch of mortals.

But this life was different!

Fang Yuan approached death purposely, coming here in advance, he would receive great help from the land spirit.

“Back then, that Gu Immortal had made ample preparations to refine this Gu. With such a foundation, I have at least fifty percent chance of succeeding in this refinement.

Back when Fang Yuan refined Spring Autumn Cicada, he had less than twenty percent chance of succeeding. Now that he was refining the second aperture Gu, he had fifty percent, it was extremely high!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Soon, Fang Yuan calmed down.

Second aperture Gu was only an opportunity, to make it a reality, it needed planning and effort.

“Whether the refinement of second aperture Gu succeeds or fails, a large amount of immortal essence will be consumed. Without immortal essence, the blessed land cannot contend against the upcoming earthly calamity and heavenly tribulation. That is to say, even if I become the owner of the blessed land, this blessed land can no longer be saved and I will have to give up on it.”

“Thus, second aperture Gu will be my greatest reward for this trip.”

However, the whole matter was not so easy and simple. The situation Fang Yuan was facing now was extremely complex.

With the start of the refinement of second aperture Gu, the remaining immortal essence would start decreasing sharply; the blessed land would weaken greatly and the assistance the land spirit could give would become lesser and lesser.

At the same time, he also needed to consider the Gu Masters within the blessed land. If they discovered this main hall, they were sure to attack together just like in his previous life and disrupt the process of the Gu refinement.

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with sharp light and after pondering for a while, he took the initiative to demand: “Land spirit, tell me the recipe for refining the second aperture Gu.”

Land spirit Ba Gui slowly nodded its head and its deep voice entered Fang Yuan’s ears: “Then listen properly, this is the full content of the recipe.”

“Rotten soil blood powder, treasure flower in the earth. Jade bone turned into petals, ice muscles into stalks and golden relic into the heart of the flower. A bright stellar fire, gather ice and snow into plains. Yang cloud burns with elixir fire below and yin clouds scatter sand like gold above, add beast phantoms in the middle until lightning crackles, creating beast strength placenta, and start collecting apertures… Wild grass grow wildly, the qi of blood like the sea. Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn. With unlimited divine opportunity, swim and roam in the wilds, adding in third watch, and another third watch, obtaining nine. Nine as extreme, the refinement is complete!”

The recipe content was huge and had close to ten thousand words.

Fang Yuan’s expression turned grave as he listened.

There were up to a thousand steps in refining this second aperture Gu. The early stage involved hundreds of types of materials, the middle stage used up large numbers of rank four and rank five Gu, and it continued to become more arduous as it got closer to the last step, until finally, it needed the use of another rank six Immortal Gu!

“This is not good, the difficulty in refining second aperture Gu is many times higher than I estimated. The intel in my previous life only talked of the early stage of the recipe mixed with much misinterpretation from the people involved.”

Fang Yuan’s heart sank, the fifty percent confidence he had turned to about thirty percent after he heard the recipe.

“You don’t need to worry too much, large amounts of materials and Gu worms for refining second aperture Gu had already been stored in this main hall.”

With the land spirit’s words, the whole main hall was suffused with dark blue light.

The brilliant radiance shone over the main hall; the relief sculptures on the surface of the main hall suddenly protruded out and turned into solid.

Fang Yuan was amazed at this change: “This is clearly a kind of storage method, this is the first time I am seeing it. Sigh, many methods of the ancient era had disappeared along the river of time.”

Materials after materials of all kinds dazzled his eyes. There were at least five thousand Gu worms from rank one to rank five; among them, there were over six hundred rank four Gu and no less than eighty rank five Gu!

Rank five Gu which were very rare in the outside world had unexpectedly numbered to almost a hundred at this main hall. And the expensive rank four Gu had apparently become as rare as cabbages here.

“So many top-tier materials! There are so many Gu which I have never seen… these strength path Gu, if I obtain them, my battle strength will definitely rise by over ten-folds! And there are also over ten yellow gold relic Gu along with eight purple crystal relic Gu! If I used them, I will be able to advance to rank five peak stage within moments!”

Fang Yuan looked at these rank four and rank five Gu, and had a thought of giving up the refinement of second aperture Gu and directly taking all these Gu worms.

However, this impulse was immediately extinguished by him.

With the land spirit beside him keeping guard, these Gu worms could only be used to refine second aperture Gu and he was unable to use them for his personal use.

Secondly, second aperture Gu would be a great help in the future if it was refined, and it would provide enormous help even at rank six realm.

Second aperture Gu was a long term investment and its benefits would soar to the sky especially after one reached rank six.

“There is still one extremely crucial Gu worm left.” Ba Gui said and opened his eyes, using all his strength to control this main hall.

The blue radiance increased sharply and reached and unbearable intensity.

The immortal essence in the bronze cauldron began deplete bit by bit.

Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, and within this blue light, he saw a confined Immortal Gu.

It was like a round gem, the gem’s whole body was yellow and was hollow inside with a ball of purple smoke in it.

This smoke transformed constantly; suddenly turning into a pegasus or an immortal crane the next moment, or changing into a moving cloud or pure thunderbolt.

Following its appearance, a strong wine fragrance spread through the whole main hall.

Fang Yuan took a few breaths and immediately felt drunk; his eyes turned hazy and his mind became dizzy, he immediately held his breath.

“This is the rank six Immortal Gu — Divine Travel.” The land spirit introduced.

Divine travel Gu!

Fang Yuan opened his eyes wide and stared at this Gu without even blinking.

Divine Travel Gu was very mysterious and also legendary. Its earliest appearance was in >.

> was the first classic of Gu. It appeared to be a story when one first read it but it actually held profound messages, recording the secrets of the ancient times and all kinds of Gu. Some Gu were directly described like wisdom Gu, strength Gu and so on. And some Gu were hidden, their descriptions were very vague, requiring the readers to dig through it and study carefully.

In the legends of Ren Zu, divine travel Gu’s earliest appearance was beside Verdant Great Sun.

Verdant Great Sun drank four different top-tier wines in the world; the dense liquor aura in his body congealed into divine travel Gu.

Divine travel Gu had the power to send the Gu Master to any place in the world. But its activation required the Gu Master to be in a drunken state and its destination also could not be controlled.

Verdant Great Sun was transported to many dangerous places and suffered a lot due to divine travel Gu, his life on the line several times.

“Divine travel Gu might be one of the four great movement Gu and is very powerful at that, but its flaw is extremely big, who would dare to use it? Even Verdant Great Sun had no choice but to refine divine travel Gu into fixed immortal travel Gu in the end. No wonder the original master of this blessed land chose this Gu to refine into second aperture Gu.”

Fixed immortal travel Gu was also one of the four great movement Gu and could send the Gu Master to any place they wanted to, even if the destination was at the edge of the world. But the prerequisite was that the Gu Master needed to have a concrete impression of their destination. If there was any huge changes to their destination, they would fail in using the fixed immortal travel Gu.

Fang Yuan carefully pondered and understood the intentions of this ancient strength path Gu Immortal.

Divine travel Gu might be at the noble rank six but its every use carried extremely high risk and had low worth in using. Thus, Verdant Great Sun refined it into fixed immortal travel Gu, while this ancient strength path Gu Master thought of using it to refine second aperture Gu.

The land spirit Ba Gui carefully resealed the divine travel Gu and asked: “When do you plan on beginning the refinement?”

“There is no rush, let me first study this recipe properly.” Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on the spot and closed his eyes to contemplate.

Humans were the spirit of all living beings and Gu were the essence of the world.

After a Gu Master’s cultivation reached a profound level, they would understand a principle; a Gu Master using Gu was not simply using the Gu worms as a tool. But rather, it was a way to understand heaven and earth.

Gu worms were the vessels that carry the law fragments of the Great Dao. Refining Gu was not simply following random steps but was based on the understanding of law fragments.

A recipe not only contained the process of refining Gu, but even more importantly, it contained its creator’s comprehension of heaven and earth.

From this recipe, Fang Yuan could study the experimentation and insights of the original owner of this blessed land, the ancient strength path Gu Immortal. And when he compared them with his own experiences, he would gain an even deeper understanding of the Great Dao; this was absolutely a beneficial matter.

“Gu Master can only have one aperture from birth, if there was a second aperture, this would truly be an act of defying heaven. I see why divine travel Gu was chosen.”

Fang Yuan opened his eyes after a long while, gaining a deeper understanding of the whole refinement process.

“Land spirit, let’s start the refinement!”

“Okay.” Land spirit immediately responded and gave two kinds of materials and a Gu worm to Fang Yuan.

First material was green pond rotten soil which originated ten thousand feet deep under a rotten and poisonous marsh, and was extremely toxic. Even Fang Yuan’s arm would be rotten within a few breaths if he touched it.

Second material was a blood colored powder which had a rather large origin. The blood of eight kinds of immemorial desolate beasts were mixed, solidified and then grinded to form this powder.

The Gu worm, however, was common and Fang Yuan had come in touch with it at Qing Mao mountain.

It was earth treasury flower.

Earth treasury flower was a storage Gu. Flower wine monk planted it in the depths of the cave to store several Gu worms which were obtained by Fang Yuan in the end.

With the land spirit’s assistance, Fang Yuan mixed the green pond rotten soil and eight desolate blood powder.

After the mixture became an evenly distributed soil, he planted the earth treasury flower in it.

Earth treasury flower immediately decayed and died when it entered the soil. Whether it was the toxicity of the green pond rotten soil or the violent nature of the eight desolate blood powder, they both were something the earth treasury flower could not endure easily.

However, Fang Yuan had already anticipated this situation and was not discouraged.

Land spirit took out another earth treasury flower Gu, and Fang Yuan casually planted it.

That ancient strength path Gu Immortal had already foreseen the probability of failure in every step and had thus prepared enough spare material.

After continuously failing several times, Fang Yuan finally succeeded in planting the earth treasury flower in the soil.

Green pool rotten soil’s toxicity and the blood power of the eight desolate blood powder formed a kind of subtle balance, causing a strange transformation within the earth treasury flower Gu.

This was the first step of the recipe —  rotten soil blood powder, treasure flower in the earth .

Next was ‘jade bone turned into petals, ice muscles into stalks and golden relic into the heart of the flower’ ; it required the use of jade bone Gu, ice muscle Gu and yellow golden relic Gu along with skilled Gu refinement techniques.

Third step ‘bright stellar fire, gather ice and snow into plains’ ; this could easily be misunderstood with stellar fire Gu and snowy plain Gu. But the firepower from that would be inadequate. In fact, the two phrases needed to be combined to be understood, the true answer was to use stellar fire prairie Gu together with snowy plain Gu, only then would there be balance.

Fang Yuan followed the order one by one.

At the fourth step ‘Yang cloud burns with elixir fire below and yin clouds scatter sand like gold above’; this tested his multitasking ability.

Fang Yuan first used yang cloud Gu with elixir fire Gu, then activated yin cloud Gu and used golden sand Gu.

The yin and yang clouds mixed with the smoke from previous steps. Spheres of fiery orange elixir fire rose up from the yang cloud. The golden sand fell down from the yin cloud like a light drizzle.

“Yin above and yang below is anti-balance… this is the critical juncture! Go, white elephant beast phantom.” Fang Yuan’s eyes burst out with divine light as he activated all-out effort Gu and summoned white elephant phantom.

White elephant phantom collided into the center of yin and yang clouds and was grinded down by elixir fire and golden sand.

With a soft explosion, white elephant phantom turned into a ball of white light and revolved in the air.

“Again, black python beast phantom.” Fang Yuan pointed and sacrificed another beast strength phantom.

Black python entered the center of the clouds and quickly turned into black ray and spun around the white light; the two were in an endless tangle.

“Stone turtle beast phantom, horse beast phantom.” Another two beast phantoms flew out of Fang Yuan’s body.

Four beast phantoms tangled against each other and formed a whirlpool of colorful light, but there was still something lacking.

“Strange! Why have they not fused?” Fang Yuan was baffled, this was the first difficulty he had ran into.

The colorful whirlpool was being grinded down by the elixir fire and the golden sand, and was continuously becoming smaller; the multiple auras could not fuse together.

Fang Yuan suddenly had a thought as he looked at the process which was about to end in failure: “Wait a second, could it be…”

He began to control the four beast phantoms.

White elephant beast phantom was steady and simple. Black python phantom was coiling and cold. Stone turtle phantom was still as a mountain. And horse beast phantom ran with the wind.

These four beast phantoms were just carelessly tangling with each other before, but under Fang Yuan’s control now, each of them began to display their true disposition and nature.

Boom!

Thunder crackled and a strange transformation began.

Yin and yang clouds moved, yin cloud sank down and yang cloud rose up; the two forming into a whole entity.

The mist surged and mixed ceaselessly with lightning and thunder constantly crackling inside.

“So it was like that. No wonder it needed strength path Gu Master, although those who merely possessed beast phantoms would still not be able to succeed. The Gu Master must understand the true nature of each beast phantom to start the fusion.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of relief and comprehended the process.

Rumble…

Lightning crackled and thunder exploded.

The sound was like war drums, becoming more condensed and finally blending into one.

Boom Boom Boom…

Under continuous rumbling sounds, the mist completely fused into one color before suddenly exploding.

A frenzy wind blew, dispersing all the clouds and mist.

Only one Gu remained in the air.

This Gu was rank five Gu and was like a disk. Its surface was rough like an embryo made of grass and soil. In the middle of the disk was a ferocious beast with the head of a horse, tusks of an elephant, body of a turtle and the tail of a snake.

“This is the beast strength placenta Gu.” Fang Yuan relaxed his mind when he saw this Gu; the moment he relaxed, he fell down to the ground and fell asleep.

He had used a total of five days and five nights to refine this Gu. He had not rested a moment during this time and had been multitasking the whole time; his mental energy had been used to the limits, and he was extremely exhausted.

This sleep lasted for a day and a night before Fang Yuan woke up.

He touched the beast strength placenta Gu and recalled the recipe: “Yang cloud burns with elixir fire below and yin clouds scatter sand like gold from above, add beast phantoms in the middle till lightning crackles, creating beast strength placenta, and start collecting apertures…”

“Next is gathering apertures!” Thinking of this, he stood up and said to the land spirit: “Ba Gui, it is time.”

Ba Gui was also straightforward: “Alright, I can send you to wherever you want to go in the blessed land.”

A large map appeared in front of Fang Yuan along with all kinds of scenes, displaying everything in the blessed land.

Everything from Gu Masters, hairy men, dog beasts and so on were clearly shown.

“This place.” Fang Yuan searched through the map before his gaze fixed on a place, and pointed at it.

Next moment, Fang Yuan disappeared and appeared in front of Tie Mu Bai.

“You.” Tie Mu Bai was exploring the inheritance and was slightly surprised by Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance.

 But he calmed down soon and was just about to say something when Fang Yuan quickly waved his hand and luckily summoned a rock crocodile phantom.

Bam!

Tie Mu Bai’s head was smacked by the rock crocodile’s tail, and it exploded like a watermelon —

He, was dead.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 379: All according to plan 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan killed Tie Mu Bai and immediately pounced on his headless corpse, grabbing his arm and letting his mind enter the aperture.

The aperture walls were crystal clear, as the primeval sea ebbed and flowed.

Rank five Gu Masters have purple crystal primeval essence. Initial stage is light purple primeval essence, middle stage is violet purple primeval essence, upper stage is deep purple primeval essence, and peak stage is crystal purple primeval essence.

Tie Mu Bai was a rank five peak stage Gu Master, he had crystal clear primeval essence, like the liquid form of crystals, great power was hidden within its beautiful appearance.

The difference between rank five peak stage and rank four upper stage was very huge. Furthermore, he had ninety-eight percent of such primeval essence, even a hundred Fang Yuan could not compare to him.

In the purple crystal primeval sea, there were Gu worms flying.

A golden small hand, flew randomly above the sea, like a golden light. This was Tie Mu Bai’s vital Gu, the rank five Gu worm that he had once used when he battled Ku Mo and Wu Gui on San Cha mountain — turn gold Gu!

Turn gold Gu had great power, any lifeform that was hit by hit would turn into pure gold, losing their life.

Even Ku Mo and Wu Gui did not dare to take the attack head on. As for Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and the other rank four peak stage cultivators, they did not even dare to observe the battle, taking the initiative to avoid them.

This was Tie Mu Bai’s strongest long range attack method.

If Fang Yuan tried to use long range battle, the beast phantoms that possessed the strength qi would turn into golden statues after being hit by the golden light, sacrificing themselves. Fang Yuan would not be able to retrieve them anymore.

Other than turn gold Gu, at the bottom of the purple crystal sea, there was a yellow-gold current.

This current was like melted gold, swimming at the bottom of the sea.

This was the liquid metal Gu, also rank five, once activated, it had great defenses, and allowed a Gu Master to have no worries regarding defense. Most amazingly, it was liquid form, and could change its shape at will, even if it was broken through, it could regather itself like water, and was a tough nut to crack.

If Tie Mu Bai used liquid metal Gu, even if Fang Yuan used all his strength, he would not be able to break this defense.

In the purple crystal sea, there was another eyeball. It seemed inconspicuous, but it gave off a golden light at times, gathering attention and was more alluring than the stars in the sky.

This was the vajra stare Gu.

It was also rank five, but was not an investigative method, rather it was an attack type Gu.

Once activated by a Gu Master, the formless stare gains attacking power, like a giant pole slamming into a person’s heart. Once eye contact was made, it could directly attack an opponent’s soul.

This Gu was hidden by Tie Mu Bai, even during the battle against Ku Mo and Wu Gui, it was not used.

Once used, it would be a contest of souls between both Gu Masters, and the victor would be decided, it was a trump card that should only be used at the end.

Tie Mu Bai had once used many different Gu to strengthen his soul’s foundation. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan walked the strength path, his soul was not strengthened.

If Tie Mu Bai used the vajra stare Gu, he just needed to maintain eye contact with Fang Yuan for a second, and Fang Yuan’s soul would be completely destroyed.

To use this vajra stare Gu, golden eyes have to be used.

If one used ordinary eyes for this, they might turn themselves blind. Only by using two golden eye Gu, and turning one’s own eyes into golden eyes could they use the vajra stare Gu safely.

Evidently, since Tie Mu Bai had the vajra stare Gu, he naturally had golden eyes.

Just like how Fang Yuan turned his skin into bronze skin, and bones into essence iron bones.

Other than these three rank five Gu, Tie Mu Bai’s body also had four rank four Gu worms. Golden dragon Gu, golden breeze Gu, golden coat Gu, golden aurora Gu, all of them were outstanding Gu worms, and were high quality Gu worms within the metal path.

These Gu worms were all excavated by Fang Yuan.

After confirming that Tie Mu Bai did not have any other Gu worms on him, Fang Yuan took out the beast strength placenta Gu, and activated it around Tie Mu Bai’s stomach.

After Tie Mu Bai lost his life, his aperture started to shrink. Right now, after being sucked by the beast strength placenta Gu, the aperture flew out of Tie Mu Bai’s body, and landed in the placenta, devoured by the wild beast inside the placenta.

After devouring the aperture, the rough and coarse beast strength placenta Gu became lustrous and shiny, the original embryo looked like it was made of soil and had crevices on the surface, but now it looked different, thick and tightly packed, just like a concrete brick.

This beast strength placenta Gu was used like this, according to the blessed land’s original owner’s peculiar idea. Continuously absorbing Gu Masters aperture, then slowly accumulating and changing qualitatively.

To refine the second aperture Gu, apertures were naturally the main ingredient.

The beast strength placenta Gu that was refined was intended to plunder other people’s apertures. Killing lives to attain success, this was a demonic path method, one could easily tell that the ancient strength path Gu Immortal was not a kind person.

This beast strength placenta Gu, if others used it, they might feel guilt, but Fang Yuan was extremely fine with using it, he had no mental pressure at all.

In his previous life, to refine the Spring Autumn Cicada, he killed people in more than ten thousand miles of land, blood flowed into a river as he caused an immense bloodshed in the world, he could not even count how many people he killed. How could killing a single Gu Master now affect him?

“Good, good, good! This beast strength placenta Gu, after absorbing Tie Mu Bai’s aperture, it already raised the second aperture Gu’s aptitude to forty percent. Great, excellent.”

“Using numbers to make up for quality in order to break through, this is the rule of using sheer quantity to trigger a qualitative change. Going beyond the mortal world, and becoming an Immortal Gu, how can there be no price to pay? Back then when I refined the Spring Autumn Cicada, I slaughtered over ten million people, that was also because of this.”

“The better the aperture that is absorbed and the larger the numbers, the higher the aptitude of the second aperture Gu that is refined in the future. Next, I have to kill Gu Masters, go on a killing spree and use all their apertures to raise my beast strength placenta Gu. Hahaha, hahahaha…”

Fang Yuan inspected the beast strength placenta Gu carefully, extremely pleased and raised his head up as he laughed.

Why did he kill Tie clan’s group? It was to make Tie clan furious and send a rank five Gu Master.

The arrival of one rank five Gu Master would break the balance, causing a chain reaction and attracting even more rank five Gu Masters.

“These rank five, rank four Gu Masters are all my prey! To assist me in refining the second aperture Gu!” Fang Yuan laughed.

All his plots and schemes, these few years of planning, and all the risks he took, it was all for this moment.

How incredibly amazing is this, this is the best feeling!!

Fang Yuan laughed heartily, his black hair flying with the wind, as demonic blaze burned in his eyes.

Looking at actual battle strength, the rank five peak stage Tie Mu Bai was over a hundred times stronger than Fang Yuan!

Just simply the turn gold Gu, if Fang Yuan was hit, he would be dead, there was no way to survive.

Even if Tie Mu Bai only used rank four Gu, his rank five peak stage crystal purple primeval essence was not something Fang Yuan’s yellow gold primeval essence could compete with.

But!

In the three kings inheritance, Gu Masters were restricted by the heavenly power, and were unable to use their Gu worms, at the same time, their defenses were all limited, and they became extremely fragile.

But Fang Yuan was different —

He has the land spirit’s help.

What was the land spirit? The lord of the blessed land! With its help, Fang Yuan could use his Gu worms inside the three kings inheritance.

Meanwhile, Tie Mu Bai had his rank five peak stage cultivation, but his strong Gu set was unusable.

Standing before Fang Yuan, he was a living target, just a livestock. Stripped of all his defenses, he was fragile as a baby.

He could not even use a single metal path Gu worm, he could not even self-detonate.

He worked hard all his life, accumulating this set of Gu worms, and now it all went to Fang Yuan.

After Fang Yuan killed Tie Mu Bai, he kept all the Gu worms inside his aperture.

The Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura could only suppress rank four Gu worms. These three rank five Gu could not be controlled by Fang Yuan, but because of the location, these Gu worms were restricted by the heavenly power, unable to move at all.

As Fang Yuan’s primeval essence refined them, they gave up and changed owners.

“Good, you obtained a rank five peak stage aperture, this way, the second aperture Gu’s aptitude has risen to forty percent. But you must take note, to transport you earlier, and support your attack, we expended quite a bit of immortal essence.” Land spirit’s voice came, warning Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan stopped laughing, his expression calming down: “I have already considered that.”

He sneered, his eyes glowing with brilliance, as his tone was extremely confident and in control of the situation.

He continued: “Ba Gui, you have slept for too long, the blessed land was remodelled by the three kings, you lost too much control of it. Even as the spirit of the blessed land, although you can overwrite these changes, that would use up too much immortal essence. There is little immortal essence left inside the cauldron, if we split these essence into sixteen portions, then the amount we used earlier would be half a portion.”

Ba Gui was stunned, praising: “You are absolutely correct. You actually managed to calculate the expenditure of the immortal essence so accurately, your performance has truly amazed me!”

Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal in his past life, he was extremely familiar with the use of immortal essence. It was easy to make such accurate calculations.

“I estimate that among the sixteen portions, at least eight is needed for the refinement of the second aperture Gu. As for the remaining eight, we need four to sustain the blessed land, and to kill Gu Masters, we need a bit more than three portions. The final bit would be kept to deal with emergencies.

But Ba Gui said: “Young man, you are wrong this time. To refine the Immortal Gu, we need ten portions, and to maintain the three kings inheritance, we only need two. After you kill enough people, I will close the blessed land.”

“No, I am not wrong.” Fang Yuan shook his head: “To refine the second aperture Gu, although we need to expend immortal essence, the expenditure of some steps can be replaced with primeval stones. That way, we can save two portions of immortal essence. Furthermore, you cannot close the inheritance, you have to keep the entrance open the entire time.”

“Why?” Land spirit asked.

Fang Yuan replied: “Because once you close the inheritance, the matter of me killing rank five Gu Masters would be exposed. By then, such a situation would attract even stronger foes.”

“Even if you close the blessed land, you cannot chase away the Gu Masters who remain in the inheritance. That is because the three kings modified the blessed land, you will need to waste a lot of immortal essence to expel them. Immortal essence is already running low, even portion is important, it is needed for refinement.”

“Towards the later stage of the refinement, immortal essence will run low, and the blessed land will be on the brink of collapsing, and have lots of loopholes, connecting to the outside world. It is no use closing the blessed land, when your strength falls drastically, this hall would be discovered. By then, we would be attacked by the Gu Masters, and the refinement would be likely to fail.”

After a while of silence, the land spirit said: “You are right, but your method has a fatal flaw. If we use primeval stones to replace the immortal essence, you need at least thirty million primeval stones. Do you have so many?”

Fang Yuan laughed loudly!

“I only have a million primeval stones on me, it is obviously not enough. But it is not a problem, there are other Gu Masters, especially these rank four and five Gu Masters, they are definitely rich, after we kill them, do we have to worry about primeval stones?”

Ba Gui considered it for a bit: “You are right, the help I can give you will shrink. Towards the end of the refinement, that is the most important step, we will act according to your suggestion.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 380: Slaughtering Rank Five 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

A battle between dogs ended.

“Steel armor dog group’s defense is so strong.” The rank five demonic Gu Master Ku Mo had several hundred steel armor dogs around him, feeling extremely pleased.

The steel armor dogs had thick leather armor, black and heavy, like steel. In the King Quan Inheritance, it had the greatest defense among dogs for the first fifty rounds.

Just earlier, Ku Mo controlled the dog groups, and had a victorious battle.

His battle result was outstanding, using the dog enslavement Gu to recruit a jade eye dog king.

This jade eye dog king was not only a hundred beast king, it also had a wild Gu worm that was effective against the Yin dogs.

“Last time, I failed because of the Yin dogs. Ordinary dogs cannot hit these formless bodies, with the jade eye dog king, I have no fear now.”

This was only the eighteenth round of the King Quan Inheritance, and Ku Mo already had a dog king, and a large number of steel armor dogs.

He was after all a rank five Gu Master, he had amazing methods.

At the same time, his luck this time was great.

King Quan Inheritance was like this, it was the one which required luck the most among the three inheritances. If you start out well, your advantages will snowball and make it easier to pass the middle and later stages.

“Last time, I only got to the sixty-eighth round, I am too embarrassed to speak of such a result! This time, I got lucky and had such a great start. But I cannot be complacent, Tie Mu Bai chose King Xin Inheritance this time, I heard that previously, he got to over eighty rounds.”

Thinking of Tie Mu Bai, Ku Mo’s heart became heavy.

He knew that if he fought alone, he was not Tie Mu Bai’s match. Thus, when he chose the inheritance, he purposely avoided Tie Mu Bai, and chose the King Quan Inheritance.

The truth is, among the three inheritances, King Xin Inheritance was the easiest to get through for the first few rounds. The Gu Master can disrupt the hairy men with words, and win without a fight.

This shortcut method was obviously spread out by Fang Yuan.

Ku Mo thought about it for a while, before collecting his thoughts and decided to use his time to continue advancing through the rounds.

Just at this moment, before him, space tore open and an unfamiliar young man appeared.

“Eh? Who is it!” Ku Mo was shocked!

He had tried the three kings inheritance many times. He had a clear understanding of it, but this scene had happened before him causing him to be stunned in disbelief.

The person was naturally Fang Yuan.

He heard Ku Mo’s shouting and laughed: “Who is it? The person who wants your life!”

Saying so, he activated golden dragon Gu.

The golden dragon appeared, roaring. Its dragon whiskers swayed with the wind, as its dragon eyes stared fiercely, brandishing its four fearsome claws.

Ku Mo saw this and almost peed his pants!

He screamed in disbelief: “How can this be! How can you use any Gu? How is this possible!!!”

Moments before death, he shuddered and activated his Gu worms hurriedly.

But he got no response.

Roar!

Golden dragon came attacking, scratching and almost smashing his entire upper body.

The great Ku Mo, an expert of a generation, and old demonic powerhouse, died just like this.

When he died, he did not even manage to use his token. Of course, with the land spirit’s manipulation, even if he used the token, there would be no effect.

“Golden dragon Gu attacks really fiercely, but the handling is so rough, I cannot control it meticulously.” Fang Yuan recalled the attack, he had wanted to just smash Ku Mo’s skull, but he ended up destroying his entire upper body, slightly shocking him.

Thankfully, the aperture was near the stomach, and did not get destroyed.

Fang Yuan walked forward, his mind entering the aperture, and started to loot it.

Ku Mo had eight Gu worms, but only one rank five Gu, called soft bones Gu, it was very despicable.

This Gu could turn the bones of any lifeforms soft within a radius of twenty-five kilometres. Even if Fang Yuan turned his bones into essence iron bones, he would still be affected and his bones would turn soft eventually. By then, Fang Yuan would have no way to fight back.

Without his skeleton to support him, he would be like a paralyzed man, lying on the ground, his intestines would squeeze together and his blood vessels and muscles would clog one another. Even without any external attacks, before long, he would die from this.

As for his other seven Gu, they were all rank four. These Gu all had to do with the bone path, and were not particularly good ones.

“It’s a pity, I do not know much about the bone path, the most I can do is scratch the surface of it. If I inherit this set of Gu worms, the battle strength I can display would not be half of Ku Mo. I should keep it for now.” Fang Yuan assessed in his mind.

At Ku Mo’s level, the Gu set he created was completely customised for himself, using his battle style, his understanding of the bone path, and his understanding towards battles and Gu masters.

Fang Yuan was most skilled in the blood path. In his previous life, he benefited from the blood sea inheritance, and used the blood path to start his conquest. He had a deep understanding of the blood path, if Ku Mo was a blood path Gu Master, the situation would be different.

After taking Ku Mo’s Gu worms, Fang Yuan used the beast strength placenta Gu and devoured his aperture.

After receiving nutrients, beast strength placenta Gu grew a little again. Its concrete surface had a thin layer of luster, and the surface was smoother, like poorly made porcelain.

It was a pity for Ku Mo, a great expert born as a lone cultivator, slogging it out alone his whole life. He had many encounters and opportunities in his life, and together with his hard work, after experiencing great hardships, he reached this level.

Eventually, he died, and all his hard work and fruits of his labor became Fang Yuan’s loot. A great rank five Gu Master fell from the apex, becoming Fang Yuan’s stepping stone.

“Too bad the dog enslavement Gu can’t be taken back, if not these dogs would be mine to manipulate too.” Fang Yuan looked at the dogs as he sighed, vanishing on the spot.

…

A battle was ongoing intensely.

Wu Gui manipulated the chrysanthemum akita dogs, fighting and entangling with a large pack of lightning symbol dogs.

Chrysanthemum akita dogs were a type of dog with great unity, the greater their numbers, the greater their strength. But Wu Gui was unlucky, he had only forty or so chrysanthemum akita dogs.

He placed these dogs at the frontline, as he concentrated in controlling them.

The chrysanthemum akita dogs were fighting a lightning symbol dog dog pack five times their sizes, they were all injured but not dead. The exquisite combination and cooperation showed Wu Gui’s exemplary talent in enslaving beasts.

Wu Gui had become an enslavement path Gu Master many years ago, but eventually because of a lack of resources, he had to change paths.

Swoosh!

Fang Yuan suddenly appeared behind Wu Gui.

Wu Gui was spending all his effort controlling the chrysanthemum akita dogs, he did not sense Fang Yuan’s arrival.

If it was during normal times, he would use an investigative Gu, and once Fang Yuan appeared, he would get attacked immediately. But in this Gu Immortal blessed land, he was just an ordinary person only able to control dog enslavement Gu and some others, all the body modifications on him were also completely restricted.

Of course, it was also due to Wu Gui concentrating deeply on the dog battle.

Fang Yuan did not trash talk, he waved his hand and a bone spike flew out.

Puchi!

A crisp sound, and a long spear-like bone spike pierced Wu Gui’s heart, as the sharp pointy tip stabbed into the ground.

Wu Gui’s pupils shrunk to pin-size as he was completely stunned and confused at this fatal attack.

“Who… tried to kill me!” He opened his mouth and fresh blood oozed out like a river.

He slowly turned around, trying desperately to see the culprit’s face.

But unfortunately, he lost all signs of life when he turned halfway.

Wu Gui’s body collapsed like a pile of mud, hanging on the bone spike.

This demonic expert who was even more senior than Tie Mu Bai, famous two hundred years ago, had died as well.

When he died, his eyes were staring wide, trying to see who was his murderer.

But this simple wish was not granted.

The great Wu Gui, died with a grievance!

After he died, the chrysanthemum akita dogs who lost their master’s manipulation immediately got engulfed by the lightning symbol dogs. These lightning symbol dogs howled as they pounced on Fang Yuan.

Roar!

Fang Yuan waved his hand, as the golden dragon appeared again, slaughtering all these lightning symbol dogs who did not know better.

Fang Yuan quickly came to Wu Gui’s corpse, doing the same thing again. Keeping his Gu worms then feeding his aperture to the beast strength placenta Gu.

Wu Gui had one rank five Gu.

It was oval and black like a yuhua stone 1  . But the surface had seven white markings, and it looked extremely peculiar and dark. It was the pitch black Gu.

Once the Gu is activated, it would ooze out black smoke. Any Gu worms below rank six would get contaminated by the black smoke and receive various degrees of sealing, losing their abilities.

As for his other Gu worms, there were eight to nine, all rank four. But they were mixed among different paths, and were a mess, unlike Ku Mo and Tie Mu Bai’s complete Gu set.

“These are Wu Gui’s Gu worms, although they can form into a set, they are not a complete set. The reason why he can roam the southern border is mostly due to the pitch black Gu.”

Undeniably, pitch black Gu is an extremely useful rank five Gu.

Fang Yuan was extremely happy to have obtained it.

He kept the pitch black Gu into his aperture, but placed the rest of the rank four Gu into his pocket.

His aperture already had many Gu worms, among them, he had five rank five Gu worms, and many rank four Gu. This was placing a lot of pressure on his aperture.

Mostly importantly, it was due to the Spring Autumn Cicada, this rank six Gu was recovering, and it was emitting great pressure on Fang Yuan’s aperture.

“The flow of time in the blessed land is three times out the outside world, accelerating Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery. I have to race against time, quickly refining the second aperture Gu. With the second aperture, I would be able to relieve the pressure Spring Autumn Cicada is giving me.”

To Fang Yuan, the situation was extremely rushed.

He did not only want to refine the second aperture Gu, he also wanted to guard against this major threat, the Spring Autumn Cicada. Towards the end of the refinement, the blessed land would be full of flaws, and after connecting to the outside world, he might receive the group attack of many Gu Masters.

By then, the land spirit would be weak and powerless, it would be useless and Fang Yuan would be in the most danger during that period.

“Refining the second aperture Gu, to closer we get to the end, the tougher it gets. Especially that final step, I need to use the divine travel Gu, I will need to focus and concentrate, my body would be in huge danger!”

Wu Gui’s demise, was the best lesson to Fang Yuan, he had to guard against such situations.

But his situation was slightly different.

“I have another chess piece, that is Bai Ning Bing! Hehehe, she used the poison vow Gu before, she can be trusted. It seems that towards the end, I will need her to protect me.”

Thinking so, Fang Yuan vanished, and appeared before Bai Ning Bing.

“Fang Yuan, how did you get here so suddenly?” Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Yuan, shocked and suspicious.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 381: All must die! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Bai Ning Bing widened her eyes in shock as Fang Yuan suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

By now, Gu Masters already had a clear understanding of the three kings inheritance. And because she was at Fang Yuan’s side, Bai Ning Bing had much deeper understanding of three kings inheritance.

However, precisely because of this ‘deep understanding’, she was even more shocked.

Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance looked like a simple phenomenon but it contained astonishing implications!

“Bai Ning Bing, do you still remember our vow? I wonder if you still want Yang Gu now?” Fang Yuan did not mention how he appeared but looked at Bai Ning Bing with his unfathomable and abyssal gaze with his hands behind his back.

“Hmph, as if you don’t know the answer.” Bai Ning Bing snorted and narrowed her blue eyes.

She knew Fang Yuan would not speak aimlessly, he definitely had a motive: “It seems you need my help? Speak up, don’t try to conceal anything, otherwise I will not help.”

Fang Yuan laughed loudly without being moved: “Back at Shang clan city, we took a poison vow that if one side is in mortal danger, the other must help. I will tell you truthfully that not long later, I will be besieged by Gu Masters and I need you as my protector to block any obstruction towards my Gu refinement.”

“Gu Masters’ besiegement? Hehe, I am not surprised, there are plenty of Gu Masters who want to kill you. But refining Gu? What Gu are you refining?”

Fang Yuan was straightforward this time and told the whole story directly.

The most important thing now was that he needed Bai Ning Bing’s full cooperation. This matter also could not be concealed. Bai Ning Bing was not someone so easy to fool.

If because of him hiding the truth, some misunderstanding occurred and caused the Gu refinement to fail in the end, it would be truly disastrous.

“What! This Gu Immortal blessed land’s land spirit is still alive? You are refining an Immortal Gu? You have truly large guts, you are looking for your own doom! Wait a second. What did you say just now? You killed Tie Mu Bai, and also Wu Gui and Ku Mo?”

Fang Yuan kept it brief and said the whole story in a few sentences but the information it contained was huge, sending an enormous shock to Bai Ning Bing’s mind.

She felt like she was listening to a story.

Fang Yuan did not speak anymore but directly took out his loot.

“These Gu!” Bai Ning Bing looked at the Gu worms Fang Yuan took out and was flabbergasted, even losing her self-control.

These Gu were genuine. They were the best proof.

“You really killed them?” Bai Ning Bing stared at Fang Yuan, shock clearly visible in her eyes.

Who was Tie Mu Bai?

He was Southern Border’s super clan Tie clan’s previous clan leader.

He was a genius with outstanding innate talent, his temperament was even more firm and unyielding.

His battle accomplishments in his whole life shone with splendor. And with his talent, he researched many battle tactics of the metal path, causing countless enemies to be terror-stricken by the mention of him.

At a young age, he roamed outside and his name spread throughout Southern Border. In his middle years, he ruled Tie clan with an iron fist and made everyone fear him. At his old age, he became an emperor of a region, his reputation spread wide with no one daring to disobey him!

He was venerated as the glory of Tie clan, radiance of the righteous path. When he announced his seclusion and retirement, many people, be it demonic path or righteous path, let out a breath of relief.

Now, he was out of seclusion and that shook many clans. Even Shang Yan Fei would have to bow in front of him to greet him.

The rank five Gu Master of Wu clan Wu Lan Shan was the cousin of the current Wu clan leader, but even she had to bow despite her pride when facing Tie Mu Bai.

And this Tie Mu Bai had died by Fang Yuan’s hands!

Not only him, Wu Gui and Ku Mo, two rank five Gu Masters also lost their lives to Fang Yuan!

Even more absurdly, not only did they die, all their Gu worms were taken by Fang Yuan!!

“These three rank five Gu Masters really died with grievance…” even Bai Ning Bing, this outsider, felt stifled at the deaths of Tie Mu Bai and others.

“Alright, it is about time. Next, I will send you to King Quan Inheritance. Advance through the rounds according to my instructions. I need dog beasts, the more the better.” Fang Yuan’s tone was hasty.

“Hmph, I did not say I will help you.” Bai Ning Bing’s gaze flickered.

Fang Yuan smiled: “Don’t worry, if I succeed, I will give Yang Gu to you. Besides, there will be other benefits as well. After leaving San Cha mountain, you can go wherever you want to, I won’t stop you if you want to part ways and will also welcome you if you want to go together. But whether you agree or not, I will refine the Gu.”

Bai Ning Bing was exasperated: “You! You shameless guy, you are relying on the poison vow to force me?”

If Fang Yuan was attacked and died while refining Gu, then according to the poison vow, Bai Ning Bing would also die. That is to say, Bai Ning Bing must protect Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan sighed, his tone became mild and even seemed to have a trace of gentleness: “Ning Bing, this is not a threat, but cooperation. Think about it, since Qing Mao mountain, we have been cooperating, and no dangers have been able to stop us as many enemies fell under our feet. This time is also not an exception. Weren’t you always wanting Yang Gu? You can turn back to a male when you obtain it. Or have you have become fond of your female identity?”

Bai Ning Bing felt goosebumps all over her when she heard Fang Yuan call her Ning Bing.

And when she heard Fang Yuan’s final sentence, she clearly knew Fang Yuan was spurring her; she could not help feeling provoked and shouted: “Shut your mouth!”

“It is settled then.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly and waved his hand, giving Bai Ning Bing a dog enslavement Gu, then disappeared.

The scene before Bai Ning Bing also changed suddenly, and she was sent to the first round of King Quan Inheritance by the land spirit.

Fang Yuan suddenly appeared in front of Wu Lan Shan.

Wu Lan Shan got a shock when someone suddenly appeared in front of her. But she was a famed figure and a majestic rank five Gu Master, calming her mind in seconds.

“Little Beast King, it is you! You can casually enter and exit this place?” Wu Lan Shan retreated a step, sharp light blossoming in her beautiful eyes.

Fang Yuan pointed his little finger and shot out a bone spear.

Puchi!

There was a soft sound as the bone spear pierced through Wu Lan Shan’s heart like lightning.

Wu Lan Shan’s beautiful flower-like appearance seemed to be frozen as she looked at Fang Yuan incredulously: “You… you can use Gu?”

The moment she finished saying this, her aura dissipated indicating her demise.

Another rank five Gu Master died.

However, Fang Yuan did not obtain her rank five Gu.

The moment Wu Lan Shan died, a mysterious light burst out of her body and enveloped her three rank five Gu worms, tearing through space and bringing them away.

Fang Yuan was not surprised, he knew Wu clan had a rank six Immortal Gu called no loss Gu which possessed the mystical ability to retrieve precious Gu worms.

Although this blessed land could restricted Gu worms of rank one to five, it could not restrict Immortal Gu.

In fact, no blessed lands can restrict the abilities of Immortal Gu.

Fang Yuan took the rest of the rank four Gu which were also quite valuable. After that, he took out beast placenta Gu and swallowed Wu Lan Shan’s aperture.

This was already the fourth rank five Gu Master’s aperture.

Beast placenta Gu was nourished and looked like a delicate pottery, and gave a sleek feeling at touch.

Fang Yuan analyzed it and found the aptitude had increased to seventy-five percent.

The aptitude became more difficult to raise the higher it became. At first, the aptitude had directly raised to forty percent when the beast placenta Gu had swallowed just Tie Mu Bai’s aperture. Later, it swallowed apertures of Wu Gui, Ku Mo and Wu Lan Shan in a row, and was only able to raise by another thirty-five percent.

“Of course, this has to do with the foundation of the Gu Master. There are altogether five rank five Gu Masters on San Cha mountain. But only Tie Mu Bai, Ku Mo and Wu Gui are at rank five peak stage; among them, Tie Mu Bai’s foundation was the most profound with the huge amount of resources from Tie clan. Wu Lan Shan and Wang Xiao are both at rank five upper stage. And Chou Jiu is only at rank five initial stage. Killing these people might not be enough to raise the aptitude by another ten percent. But no worries, there are plenty of Gu Masters, Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and the rest, all of them must die!”

 …

 “Corpse dog is purple all over, its skin is slightly rotten, its lower back is crooked and its canines protrude out. Use Yin dogs to restrain them and you will definitely succeed.”

“Choose the left path, the reward for that round is three tasks at once Gu which will be of great help to you.”

“Next, you will encounter a heavy tai dog king. It is in a seriously injured state but is even more ferocious. You will need to sacrifice a lot of dogs to capture it. This dog king is the only heavy tai dog king in the first twenty rounds. At the twenty-second round, there will be a large group of wandering heavy tai dogs, you can use heavy tai dog king to directly recruit them without losing anything!”

There would be a voice guiding Bai Ning Bing every time she progressed through a round.

This voice was of the land spirit.

Immortal essence was scarce, the land spirit moved Bai Ning Bing to King Quan Inheritance and was not willing to misuse immortal essence on her.

Bai Ning Bing could only go through each round personally.

However, although the land spirit’s control over the blessed land had fallen to rock bottom, it was extremely clear about the contents of three kings inheritance.

There was almost no loss in immortal essence for it to guide Bai Ning Bing, but to Bai Ning Bing, it was of extremely huge help; as if there was a bright lantern guiding Bai Ning Bing through the dark tunnel.

Bai Ning Bing was able to make best choice at every round and her strength continued to expand like a snowball.

“Next, you will encounter a Gu Master as your opponent. But no need to worry, he has just fought a huge battle and only has few dog beasts remaining, you will be able to eliminate him easily. At that time, I will confine him, and after you kill him and take his Gu, you can greatly increase the number of your Gu worms.” The land spirit guided again.

Bai Ning Bing nodded and slowly walked out of the fog.

“It is you…” Her opponent was clearly shocked at her sight.

Bai Ning Bing was also stupefied, this person was none other than the person who had tried to make things difficult for her and Fang Yuan before he entered the inheritance; the Yun clan’s young clan leader Yun Luo Tian.

Yun Luo Tian arrogantly snorted: “You are called Bai Ning Bing, right? It is your bad luck you ran into me, you don’t even have half the amount of dogs I have…”

He had not even finished speaking when he stopped. His eyes opened wide and his throat let out a strange ka ka sound like a rooster that had its throat jammed.

From the mist behind Bai Ning Bing, a large numbers of dog beasts walked out one after another.

Endlessly…



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 382: Continue Killing 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Impossible! How can you have so many dog beasts?!” Yun Luo Tian screamed, pointing at Bai Ning Bing, as he shivered, his expression looked like he had seen a ghost.

The sheer number of beasts around Bai Ning Bing had surpassed his wildest imagination.

“How many rounds has it been? Even a rank five Gu Master cannot reach such a number!!” Yun Luo Tian screamed as loudly as he could to vent the horror in his heart.

“You must control some loophole, you cheated. You actually cheated, you shameless scoundrel!!”

Yun Luo Tian’s composure was completely gone, he no longer had the attitude of an Yun clan young clan leader.

Bai Ning Bing sighed lightly, Yun Luo Tian was right, he hit the nail on the head.

It is true, she cheated. And it was the blessed land’s spirit who helped her.

Under the land spirit’s guidance, she had an easy time going through the King Quan Inheritance, like she was on a vacation, it was a complete walk in the park. Compared to the difficulties she faced back when she explored the inheritance alone, this was a clear contrast.

” The incredulous feeling of cheating cannot be described with words ! If doing this means I am despicable, I would rather become even more despicable than this, hehehe.”

Bai Ning Bing exclaimed as she waved her hands.

Woof, woof, woof…

Countless dogs received her commands and moved like flood water.

In Yun Luo Tian’s vision, he could see a sea of dogs charging towards him like a tsunami.

He gritted his teeth: “Bai Ning Bing, do not be smug. Once I get out, I will expose you in front of everyone! You know such a huge secret, everyone will be interested, especially those rank five Gu Masters! Hahaha, you are finished!”

Saying so, he took out a token and used it.

But nothing happened.

“Eh?” Yun Luo Tian was shocked, activating it again.

“What happened? Why is it not working? I used it the last time and I was transported out immediately.” His gaze flashed as a bad feeling emerged in his heart, causing his expression to turn uncertain.

He took out another unused token, he was the Yun clan young clan leader, he had two tokens to protect him.

But this time, there was no effect either. The token stopped working.

Yun Luo Tian stared with his eyes wide opened, staring at his token, sweat emerging on his forehead.

Bai Ning Bing’s dog army had surrounded him, and started slaughtering his dog group.

“How can this happen? Send me out now!” Yun Luo Tian’s breathing became quicker, as he used the token frantically, to no avail.

“Ah!” He screamed, his beautiful face distorted with fear. His hair was messy and his eyes were bright red, like an angered bull.

“It is you, you did this didn’t you? It must be you! You made the token ineffective, hehe, what great methods you have. But be clear of this, I am the great Yun clan young clan leader. If you kill me, you would offend Yun clan. The entire Yun clan won’t let you off.”

Yun Luo Tian recovered from his fear and screamed at Bai Ning Bing.

His arrogance as the Yun clan young clan leader was sustaining him, not letting him kneel down and beg for his life, instead he was getting more haughty.

But such an attitude was completely useless against Bai Ning Bing.

“I’m not even afraid of Tie clan, would I fear your tiny Yun clan?” Bai Ning Bing snickered.

On the battlefield, Yun Luo Tian was alone, his dog groups were no match for Bai Ning Bing’s, massacred till none was left.

Bai Ning Bing willed, and the closest dog barked before pouncing on Yun Luo Tian.

Yun Luo Tian struggled with his life, but his strength could not match the dog.

His throat was bitten by the dog, as blood poured out of it.

As for the other beasts,they stood in a circle and waited.

“I curse you… I curse you have to a terrible death!” Yun Luo Tian cursed before he died, his tone filled with hatred and anger.

Bai Ning Bing shook her head in disdain, walking forward and keeping Yun Luo Tian’s Gu worms.

This Yun Luo Tian walked the cloud path, they were all rank four Gu, and were all of high quality. As for the enslavement path Gu worms he obtained from King Quan Inheritance, they greatly benefited Bai Ning Bing’s Gu worms.

As for his corpse, it was teleported by the land spirit, sent to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was stepping on Wang Xiao, forcing out the location of Wu mountain.

Wang Xiao was the owner of Wu mountain, a rank five upper stage Gu Master, a true regional emperor. He was an established expert.

If it was outside, ten Fang Yuan added together would not be his match. But here, Fang Yuan defeated him easily, like dealing with a baby.

Wang Xiao was extremely angry, he was stepped on by Fang Yuan, as his face and the soil made intimate contact.

For a great rank five Gu Master, the lord of Wu mountain, this was a great humiliation!

“You want to know how to enter Wu mountain? Hehe, stop your wishful thinking! Kill me if you want, after you kill me, you will not be able to know that true path to enter the mountain.”

Wang Xiao sneered as he struggled intensely, but Fang Yuan could use his strength path Gu worms, Wang Xiao could not compare to him in terms of strength.

After an intense struggle, he was breathing heavily out of exhaustion, while Fang Yuan’s leg was still firm as a mountain.

Wu mountain was a slightly famous mountain among the hundred thousand mountains of Southern Border.

This mountain was mysterious and illusionary, hidden in a deep layer of fog. In the fog, there were many small paths, but only one led inside.

Wang Xiao knew this path, and thus entered the mountain and made the mountain’s resources his.

Like Qing Mao mountain, a famous mountain like Wu mountain had at least three to four spirit springs. Other than that, there were large numbers of wild beasts and wild Gu. All sorts of resources that could sustain three to four middle-size clans.

But Wu mountain was completely owned by Wang Xiao.

“Wu mountain is a natural danger zone, it is easy to defend and no matter how many righteous Gu Masters there are, they cannot break into it by force. Wang Xiao used this to become a regional emperor, living freely and easily. If I obtain it, I could use it as my base, and I would have no worries for my rank five resources.” Fang Yuan thought.

Wu mountain was Wang Xiao’s good fortune, Fang Yuan desired it greatly. But Wang Xiao refused to speak, he knew that once he spoke, he would be killed. Not speaking gave him a chance of survival instead.

Pew!

At this moment, with a light sound, Yun Luo Tian’s corpse was transported over.

Fang Yuan kicked Wang Xiao aside, walking over to the corpse and used the beast strength placenta Gu to devour the aperture.

“It’s him? That Yun clan young leader!” Wang Xiao recognised Yun Luo Tian, and also witnessed Fang Yuan using beast strength placenta Gu, his heart chilled.

Fang Yuan was obviously killing people to refine Gu!

“This Gu can devour apertures, not good, my aperture is way more valuable than Yun Luo Tian’s.” This beast strength placenta Gu had already become smooth and clear, like a beautiful porcelain. But in Wang Xiao’s eyes, it was extremely dangerous and mysterious, giving off a demonic feeling.

Seeing Fang Yuan walk over, Wang Xiao shouted: “Wait, wait. We can negotiate, I can promise you to give you the actual path into the mountain, but you must ensure my safety, I have one poison vow Gu on me…”

Fang Yuan’s killing intent surged, although he had the eating one’s words Gu and can break the vow, he had little time now, how could he waste time to create the eating one’s words Gu?

As he killed these Gu Masters, his immortal essence was depleting, and the blessed land was getting closer to destruction.

The longer they dragged, the weaker the land spirit, an the less immortal essence he had to refine the second aperture Gu.

At the same time, the blessed land’s flow of time was three times the outside world. The Spring Autumn Cicada was posing a huge threat.

Fang Yuan killed so many people, he already used nearly two portions of the immortal essence, about half of his planned amount. The blessed land’s destruction was accelerated, and some people should be able to feel it already.

Fang Yuan’s greatest advantage was having the initiative. If he continued to drag this, it would get more disadvantageous for him.

Compared to the second aperture Gu, Wu mountain’s benefits were huge but not irreplaceable.

“Speak, which is the path into Wu mountain?” Fang Yuan stepped, and broke Wang Xiao’s right wrist, shouting sharply.

“Let me go and I’ll tell you!” Wang Xiao screamed in pain.

“Hmph, stubborn!” Fang Yuan stepped again, the sound of bone breaking was heard as Wang Xiao’s left kneecap was crushed to bits.

Wang Xiao shuddered under the pain, as sweat flowed down his back, but he gritted his teeth and stared deeply at Fang Yuan, refusing to speak.

Fang Yuan was silent, knowing that coercion would not work.

Wang Xiao was an expert of a generation!

He had a cruel and ruthless nature, never going easy on his enemies, but also strict on himself.

He designed an “ice water bed” for himself. Such a bed, as long as one sleeps for six hours, the entire bed would sink into the ice water below.

Wang Xiao slept on such a bed, only resting for six hours a day. He encouraged himself, and worked hard, giving it all his effort. Other than eating, cleaning, and resting, all his other time was spent on cultivation.

His aptitude was not extremely good, uncomparable with Tie Mu Bai and Bai Ning Bing. But because of his hard work, he climb up step by step, becoming famous in southern border, a great demonic expert that no one dared to look down on.

In Fang Yuan’s memories, after Wang Xiao came to Yi Tian mountain, he killed many righteous experts, and his ruthlessness spread, one time, he even got close to vying for the position of the demonic head.

Fang Yuan felt pressure in his heart offending such a person.

Killing Wang Xiao was weakening the demonic faction in the Yi Tian mountain battle. But Wang Xiao could not be kept alive, he had to be killed.

“I have to refine Gu not long after, I do not want to be attacked by you.” Fang Yuan sighed, striking the final move and killing Wang Xiao.

Later, he took the Gu and devoured the aperture, this process was extremely smooth.

After devouring Yun Luo Tian and Wang Xiao’s aperture, the beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude had risen to eighty-three percent. As for the immortal essence expenditure, it had reach slightly more than two portions, he had reached a critical stage.

“Not good, the immortal essence expenditure is higher than my estimation. This blessed land is too old, originating from the antiquity era, it is a miracle that the blessed land is still standing today.”

Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn, the actual expenditure had slightly exceeded his initial estimations.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 383: Profound Concept of the Universe, Demon Venerable Hong Lian 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Young man, the primeval essence expenditure had deviated from the plans, you should stop now.” The land spirit noticed this error, and suggested.

Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold, retorting immediately: “That won’t do, eighty-three percent is not part of my plans, my plan is to reach ninety percent!”

“Most things in life do not happen according to one’s wishes. How can we get everything we want? Young man, you have been blinded by greed, you are starting to lose your rationality.” The land spirit spoke calmly.

Fang Yuan cursed in his heart, without the land spirit’s help, he could not use the immortal essence. Land spirit was already thinking of stopping, Fang Yuan had to convince it.

“Ba Gui.” Fang Yuan breathed out some turbid air, relaxing his tone: “The primeval essence expenditure exceeding by a bit is no big deal. In my plan, we had some spare essence.”

Fang Yuan planned the immortal essence into sixteen portions.

Among that, eight was for Gu refinement, four was to sustain the three kings inheritance and three portions and a bit more for killing Gu Masters. The final bit would be kept as spare in case anything happened.

Fang Yuan had a meticulous nature, he had planned this for so long, how could he not have a back up plan?

But the land spirit was not convinced, although it was created from lingering thoughts, it had intelligence and could think.

“Young man, your calculation is incorrect. Have you ever considered that the Gu refinement process might fail? There is no way you won’t have issues, once you fail you will waste immortal essence. Eight portions to refine Gu, that was the minimum requirement, that last bit of immortal essence is to allow you to waste when you make multiple attempts. Now that you want to use up this bit, if you fail the refinement even a little bit more, the second aperture Gu’s refinement will not succeed.” Land spirit retorted.

Fang Yuan was anxious secretly, he had not passed the test and was not the blessed land’s owner, he could not directly command the land spirit.

If land spirit refused to cooperate, there was nothing he could do.

There was still a rank five Gu Master and many rank four experts left in the blessed land now, these will all be obstacles for him when he refines the Immortal Gu later.

Fang Yuan killing these people now was to eliminate his future enemies, to protect himself.

But the immortal essence left in the blessed land was simply too little, Fang Yuan had to carefully think and plan his usage properly. At the same time, he had to face the blessed land’s inspections.

“Young man, stop taking risks. If you continue being adamant, I will not cooperate with you, I will even take away your examination chance, and leave the opportunity for others.” Land spirit was firm in its tone.

Fang Yuan sighed deeply hearing this.

Land spirits were very rigid, in this situation, it was nearly impossible to convince the land spirit.

“We can keep the others, but that rank five Gu Master has to die. He is one of the four great doctors of southern border, he has a great network and relationship, we have to eliminate him to be safe.” Fang Yuan urged.

“For your safety during refinement, you have already planned to use that young girl, together with the beast groups, she can block them for a while. At the same time, I will risk my life to protect you. The most important thing is the success or failure of your Gu refinement.” Land spirit denied Fang Yuan’s suggestion.

Fang Yuan’s expression sank.

The final rank five Gu Master Chou Jiu, known as ‘killer ghost doctor’, although his battle strength was not outstanding, he had great influence.

In his previous life’s memories, he went to Yi Tian mountain and joined the demonic faction. Next, he obtained the third-in-control position. With a wave of his hand, countless Gu Masters gathered.

With his healing, the demonic faction faced less deaths and injuries, their morale surged and that caused great problems for the righteous path.

Only until Shang Yan Fei invited Doctor Su Shou, together with Divine Doctor Sheng Shou, did they manage to suppress Chou Jiu’s glamor.

The battle of Yi Tian mountain made everyone see the ability of Chou Jiu. The ‘killer ghost doctor’ also became publicly recognised as the head of the four great doctors.

After Yi Tian mountain was subdued by the righteous path, Chou Jiu was captured, and Wu clan leader valued his talent and wanted to recruit him. But Chou Jiu refused to submit, scolding Shang Yan Fei and Doctor Su Shou, exposing some of their ancient history, causing the furious and ashamed Shang Yan Fei to kill him on the spot.

Any rank five Gu Master was a genius, they cannot be underestimated.

These Gu Masters could emerge from the commoners, and ascend to the peak of the mortal realm in such a cruel environment, surviving many rounds of elimination, they were all heroes or champions.

Once he thought about how a person like Chou Jiu might attack during the final step of the Gu refinement, Fang Yuan could not rest easy.

“Although my cultivation is rank four upper stage, and my cultivation speed is stunning, on this huge stage, I am still too weak, I cannot contend with these rank five Gu Masters. If I had my rank six cultivation back in my previous life, no matter how many rank fives come, I can kill them all like livestock!” Fang Yuan sighed internally.

“You still want to kill someone? Impossible, I will not allow it! Immortal essence cannot be wasted like this, we have to preserve most of it for the Gu refinement.” Land spirit heard Fang Yuan’s request and immediately rejected him: “Demonic Gu Masters are all like this, they like to take risks. Sigh, young man, do not be so extreme. In this world, why do you think the righteous path is blooming and suppressing the demonic path? It is because demonic path is too extreme, too greedy, and likes to place themselves in danger. The righteous path pursues stability, slow and steady, unmovable like the mountain.”

“Ba Gui, you are wrong. Demonic path members have a tough life, they are forced to take extreme means, if they did not fight for the greatest benefits at every given opportunity, and did not take risks, how could they cultivate, how could they compete with the righteous path? Greed, selfishness, extremity, and risk-taking; these are all laws of survival of the demonic path. As long as the benefits are enough, so what if we have to walk on a tightrope? One wrong step leads to game over, making the impossible possible, that is the excitement of the demonic path! The life of a demonic path member is like wine, intense and alluring.” Fang Yuan rebuked loudly.

Land spirit heard such words and sighed endlessly: “Young man, the demonic nature is too entrenched in you, you can’t turn back anymore, in the future it will lead you to destruction. If heaven commits a sin, it can be forgiven, but if one commits a sin himself, he deserves to die .”

Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “Hahahaha, Ba Gui, you are too naive. What is a sin? Commiting a sin means one deserves death, that is only the weaklings’ naive and helpless expectation, they spread such ideology, hoping people would abide by it so as to protect these weaklings. As for me, I want to be a person who commits a sin, yet is able to roam freely and travel the world, a demonic head who slaughters living beings and enjoys all that I can get. I not only want to slaughter Gu Masters, I also want to succeed in refining the second aperture Gu and become the greatest winner! Ba Gui, feel this, what do you think this is?”

Saying so, Fang Yuan activated the Spring Autumn Cicada, and for the first time, leaked its aura out into the world.

The land spirit was flabbergasted!

“This, this is the aura of a rank six Immortal Gu! It seems… it seems to be the Spring Autumn Cicada… Spring Autumn Cicada is the seventh mysterious Gu in this world! You are a mere mortal, how can you possess such an Immortal Gu?”

To convince the land spirit, Fang Yuan took a gamble and exposed the existence of the Spring Autumn Cicada.

Spring Autumn Cicada was a rank six Gu, and the second aperture Gu was also an Immortal Gu, such benefits were enough for Fang Yuan to take this risk.

“Why can’t a mortal own an Immortal Gu? I’ll tell you the truth, the Spring Autumn Cicada was refined by me.” Fang Yuan said.

“I understand, I get it. You were a Gu Immortal, but you used the Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth and came back to the past to change history!” Land spirit gasped and sighed.

“Oh? Ba Gui, you seem to know some information regarding the Spring Autumn Cicada, please enlighten me.” Fang Yuan quickly inquired.

“Since the immemorial era, there were two types of Gu Masters, space path and time path, forming the basis of heaven and earth. Space path represented up, down, left, and right, while time path represented past, present, and future. Take my blessed land for example, at its peak, there was 6000 km² of land, and the flow of time was six times the normal speed.” Land spirit said.

How much was 6000 km² ? On Earth, that is about the size of Brunei.

As for six times the normal speed of time, it was measured according to the river of time.

At its peak, the blessed land’s time was six times of the outside world. Six days inside the blessed land was one day outside.

Of course, by now, the blessed land had severely weakened, not only were the territories mostly eroded, the flow of time was only three times as fast.

In this world, there were many different blessed lands, and the size and flow of time were all different.

Land spirit continued: “Spring Autumn Cicada is one of the Gu worms of the time path. Back then, it had a master who left his name in history, that is Demon Venerable Hong Lian! He resisted the Immortal Court, and broke the chains that bound fate, giving the people of the future hope, and allowed them to grasp their own fate in their hands.”

“Demon Venerable Hong Lian?! The most mysterious Demon Venerable in history?” Fang Yuan gasped.

In the Gu world, rank nine was Venerable.

Demon Venerable meant a rank nine demonic path Gu Master. Immortal Venerable is a rank nine righteous Gu Master.

In the eons of history, Demon Venerable and Immortal Venerable were merely a handful of people, they represented a supreme legend. There was only one Venerable in each era, never did two appear at the same time. Thus, Venerables represented true invincibility!

And among these rank nine Venerables, Demon Venerable Hong Lian was the most mysterious, and had the least records in history. Even Fang Yuan merely knew about his existence.

Now, this was the first time he was hearing about Demon Venerable Hong Lian’s details.

Land spirit continued: “This world, wide as one can imagine, is split into five regions, north, south, east, west, and central. They are close together, yet completely independent regions. With one river of time, flowing from the past, through the present, towards the future. That is the time and space of this main world.”

“If one says that history is a series of still images, then the river of time is a thin thread that connects these numerous images into a line, You used the Spring Autumn Cicada, forcing your way out of the images, and travelled along the line, moving in the reverse direction as you inject your will and memories into one of the images. That would cause this image’s events to change, and consequently affect the future images as well.

“So that’s it.” Fang Yuan benefited greatly from land spirit’s words.

He had used the Spring Autumn Cicada twice, and each was a unique experience, causing Fang Yuan’s understanding of the Spring Autumn Cicada and the river of time to become clearer.

Land spirit’s words gave Fang Yuan the inspiration for a new and unique understanding.

“To think that you are a future Gu Immortal, and even refined the Spring Autumn Cicada. In this blessed land, you are truly the most appropriate candidate to refine this Gu. Nevermind, since you are so confident, I shall trust you once, who do you want to kill?” Land spirit gave in.

Originally, it thought Fang Yuan was only a mortal, he would definitely waste a lot of immortal essence when refining Gu.

But right now, it recognised Fang Yuan’s Gu Immortal identity, and reduced the estimated immortal essence that he would potentially waste, thus accepting Fang Yuan’s request.

Fang Yuan smiled and promised: “Land spirit, it is right to trust me. I will not disappoint you, the Gu refinement will succeed. In the future, I have to rely on this second aperture Gu to ascend to Gu Immortal realm once again.”

Land spirit laughed too, having a sense of acknowledgement towards Fang Yuan: “That’s right, you are a Gu Immortal, you know the value of the second aperture Gu much more than mortals. When you become a Gu Immortal, the second aperture will give you unparalleled benefits!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 384: Scheming Ghost Doctor, Secret Door of Life and Death 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“To think that this three kings inheritance is a trap, the true winner is you, little beast king!” Killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu laid on the ground, staring deeply and closely at Fang Yuan as he exclaimed.

After Fang Yuan convinced the land spirit, he rushed to Chou Jiu and beat him up.

Chou Jiu had an ugly appearance, his hair was like dry yellow grass, his brain was protruding and his eyes were of different sizes. His cheekbone was very high, his nose was flat, there was a large clump of hair growing out of his nostrils, and his yellow teeth were projecting outwards.

But his gaze was very complicated, he had a plotting ability that ordinary people could not possess.

“Little beast king, I know about you, you have great talent, from a vagabond, you grew to this extent, I admire you greatly. Compared to you, I am merely several years older. When I was young, I did not have such accomplishments. You are a dragon among men, you will eventually soar to the heavens, and roam the world freely. I have no intentions to be enemies with you, if possible, I would like to use the information regarding the door of life and death to preserve my life.”

Fang Yuan had killed four rank five Gu masters earlier, some of them were shocked, some furious, some fearful, but this Chou Jiu was extremely calm.

After understanding his situation, he placed his ego down and praised Fang Yuan.

He laid on the ground, not moving, as if he gave up on resisting.

But at this moment, the land spirit suddenly transmitted: “Quickly kill him, he is activating his token and Gu worms furiously, I am trying to suppress them but this is causing great immortal essence expenditure.”

But Fang Yuan was slightly stunned, almost thinking he had hallucinated: “Door of life and death?”

This door of life and death was a big deal, it was recorded in >, a secret forbidden land in ancient times. It was similar to the river of time and ordinary abyss.

After Verdant Great Sun died, Ren Zu went to the door of life and death to attempt to revive him.

Legend says that behind the door of life and death holds the secrets of life and death, if a person can comprehend it completely, they would be able to control life and death itself.

“Chou Jiu knows the location of the door of life and death?!” Fang Yuan’s heart was palpitating, as his expression turned cold, warning severely: “Chou Jiu, activate your Gu worms one more time and I will kill you immediately.”

Chou Jiu’s expression changed, his pupils shrinking as he slowly sat up, looking at Fang Yuan: “You can sense me using Gu worms!”

A thought flashed across his eyes: “You can use Gu worms, while I can’t use mine at all. Sigh, it seems there is only one possibility — the land spirit is still alive and you subdued it. So this blessed land has such a secret. What a pity, back when the three kings obtained this place, they did not truly control the blessed land, thus you have obtained it now. But this blessed land is on the brink of destruction, there is no way to save it. The land spirit must be extremely old and weak too right, otherwise the Gu Masters would’ve been chased out already. Why would you need to eliminate us personally?”

Although Fang Yuan did not control this blessed land, after expressing his identity, the land spirit would listen to some of his instructions in order to assist him with the Gu refinement.

Chou Jiu was over a century old, he was old and scheming, easily guessing the scenario.

“Since you control the blessed land, then I won’t bother with this pointless act. As long as you preserve my life, what you will obtain will be out of your imagination.” Chou Jiu said, stopping his secret actions.

Fang Yuan laughed without denying: “Talk about the door of life and death. You know the location? The door of life and death is a forbidden ground not inferior to the river of time, there is an extremely wide area inside, reflecting the five regions of the main world. Legend says that there are many unique and natural Gu worms inside, like life Gu, and death Gu.”

Chou Jiu nodded: “I know the door’s location, not only that, I have even explored it multiple times and captured some of the life Gu and death Gu inside, eventually refining one life one death Gu. I placed this Gu inside the door of life and death, every time a person dies because of me, it will absorb this death energy and convert it into lifeforce. Because of this lifeforce, my healing methods are extremely profound. This is the reason why I became one of the four great doctors of southern border.”

Killer ghost doctor revealed his own secret, to increase his trustworthiness.

“Oh? So that’s it.” This was the first time Fang Yuan heard such a thing, although he had his previous life’s memories, he was not all-knowing.

“Then in that case, tell me, and I may spare you a life.” Fang Yuan promised.

But Chou Jiu shook his head: “The secret regarding the door of life and death is way too important. I have once vowed before the sea oath Gu, to not reveal the details to outsiders. Once I say it, I will turn into dust, wiped off from this world. But if you join the shadow sect, you will be one of us, and I will be able to tell you.”

“Sea oath Gu? Shadow Sect?” Fang Yuan frowned.

Sea oath Gu is a rank six Immortal Gu, it was very famous during ancient times, together with mountain pledge Gu. Mountain pledge and sea oath, they worked like the poison vow Gu, but poison vow Gu was an expenditure Gu while these two Immortal Gu could be repeatedly used.

Fang Yuan had heard of the sea oath Gu and had an understanding of it. But he was unfamiliar with ‘Shadow Sect’.

Hearing this name, it sounds like a sect for Gu cultivators. That means, the loner Chou Jiu, had a secret organisation behind him?

Fang Yuan felt a little threatened, the situation was slightly out of his expectations.

It was not hard to kill Chou Jiu now, but Fang Yuan knew nothing about Shadow Sect, this gave him a sense of insecurity.

“That’s right, my sect is the Shadow Sect. The great ancestor who created Shadow Sect, was a rank eight Gu Immortal of the Immemorial Era. He was the one who found the door of life and death, and placed it into his blessed land. Later, many Gu Immortals were nurtured in Shadow Sect, the benefits are endless for you if you join Shadow Sect.”

Saying so, Chou Jiu said a bunch of benefits, truly expending his verbal talent, spouting an exaggerated tale.

Fang Yuan struggled a little, before calming down: “Hehehe, Chou Jiu, that’s a nice plan there. If I join Shadow Sect, you not only will be free from danger, I will even have to call you senior brother. In such a traditional sect, respecting seniority is the most important thing. If I join it, I will definitely have to make an oath and be restricted with all sorts of methods. At the end, I even have to contribute my gains on San Cha mountain, and do missions for the clan in the name of loyalty, am I right?”

“Shadow Sect?” Fang Yuan sneered, shaking his head: “Let’s not talk about the possibility of you lying, even if it is real, so what? A sect that was created in the Immemorial Era, it is a miracle that it is still around now. You mentioned there were many Gu Immortals in history, but they are mostly dead already right. Otherwise, Shadow Sect would be a great force in the southern border, why would you have to fight alone, and slog it out single-handedly?”

Chou Jiu’s expression turned white, he had to reassess Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was so young, but he was so calculating and scheming. Facing potential benefits, he could remain so calm and analytic, what sort of young man is this? He is definitely a hundred year old monster!

Fang Yuan laughed heartily, continuing: “I am the type of person who likes to take all the benefits for himself, don’t tell me about win-win situations. Even if you made the sea oath, it is not unbreakable. Sea oath Gu and mountain pledge Gu have an obvious weakness. When you made the oath, you had to face the sea or a large mountain. As long as the piece of ocean or the mountain is destroyed, the oath will lose its effect.”

Chou Jiu’s heart froze.

Fang Yuan was knowledgeable and knew many things, he was not like a newbie at all.

These kind of people were the hardest to fool.

Chou Jiu calmed his spirits: “It is useless. The sea that I made the oath to is inside the Shadow Sect blessed land, if you want to destroy that sea, you will need to know the location of the blessed land. But for me to say that location, you have to destroy the sea first. It is a dead loop.”

Fang Yuan sneered, killing intent surging: “Since there is nothing that can be done, forget it. You can die now.”

Chou Jiu sighed greatly: “If you want to kill me, go ahead.”

He did not move, but in his heart, he felt certain.

The door of life and death was a legendary location, who did not care about their life and death? Little beast king definitely cannot endure such a temptation, his actions now were only to scare him.

But Fang Yuan shot out the bone spike resolutely.

This bone spike flew towards Chou Jiu’s heart.

At once, an intense sense of danger assaulted Chou Jiu.

“What! He actually wants to kill me?!” Chou Jiu was shocked, quickly evading.

Pew!

A crisp sound and the bone spike pierced his shoulder, inches away from his heart, only after it stabbed through his back did it stop.

“You, you!” Chou JIu pointed at Fang Yuan, his trembling voice contained fear, shock, and confusion: “Little beast king, you madman! You really wanted to kill me, if I did not dodge, I would’ve died! That is the door of life and death, the door of life and death! Back then, even Ren Zu had to spend all his effort to find it. This is an unparalleled holy land, the controller of life and death, as long as you can obtain it and comprehend it, you will attain immortality!”

Fang Yuan looked at him coldly, speaking plainly: “Didn’t you say you can’t tell me the secret? Then what use do I have of you?”

“You can join the Shadow Sect!” Chou Jiu’s body was sweating, either out of pain or fear.

Fang Yuan snorted coldly, raising his hand and aiming again.

Chou Jiu quickly waved his hand, shouting: “Wait, wait, don’t be rash. There are other methods than this, we can use the poison vow Gu, if we make a poison vow, we can trust each other.”

“I do not need your trust.” Fang Yuan replied coldly.

“Then use the slavery Gu, I will acknowledge you as my master, don’t kill me.”

“You are a rank five Gu Master, we need to use the rank five slavery Gu. This Gu is extremely rare, way more expensive than its other rank five counterparts, where do you want me to find it? Moreover, even if we use these Gu, can you tell me the location of Shadow Sect’s blessed land?” Fang Yuan retorted.

Chou Jiu’s expression froze.

Fang Yuan observed his expression, and his heart moved, knowing that the words were true.

Fang Yuan’s killing intent was not real, he was merely trying to test Chou Jiu.

Chou Jiu suggested the poison vow Gu, slavery Gu, he was already frantic, but still did not dare to mention the location of the blessed land. It seems he really did make the sea oath.

Chou Jiu wanted to lie and make up a random location.

But as long as he did not die from the oath, it means he lied. If he said the real location, the oath would take his life as well.

Or rather, even if he managed to say it, he would lose all his value and Fang Yuan would not let him off.

In this situation, Chou Jiu was at his wits’ end.

Recognising this, he laughed bitterly: “To think that I Chou Jiu would die here today.”

“Being able to die in my hands is your honor.” Fang Yuan replied plainly.

Chou Jiu looked at Fang Yuan seriously, nodding in agreement: “That’s true, with your talent and mentality, as long as your luck is not too bad, you will definitely be a walking disaster of the demonic path. You want to kill me, there is no point in begging anymore. It is fine if I die in your hands, at least better than getting killed by those scumbags outside. Actually, I have a plan to allow you to learn about the door of life and death.”

Saying so, a cunning light flashed across Chou Jiu’s eyes.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 385: Kindness, Grudge, Affection, Hatred 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Oh? What method?” Fang Yuan’s eyebrows raised.

“Regarding this matter, I have to start from a long time ago…” Chou Jiu heaved a deep sigh as he recalled; hatred, grief, deep love and other complicated expressions appeared on his face.

“I have no time to listen to your story.” Fang Yuan ruthlessly interrupted.

Chou Jiu choked: “Then I will make it short.”

“My original name was Zeng Ah Niu. I was a farmer who made a living by collecting herbs, one time I unluckily fell from a cliff but I profited from it and entered Shadow Sect’s blessed land. By passing the land spirit’s test, I was able to become a disciple of Shadow Sect. The sect only had two disciples, me and a senior sister.”

“Senior sister’s surname is Chen and her first name is Jiu, she was as beautiful as an immortal fairy. She was raised by the land spirit since young and had never left the blessed land, thus her nature was truly innocent. Since birth, I was extremely ugly and had always suffered bullying and ridicule. But senior sister was always amiable and warm to me. I slowly started having feelings for her after being in contact with her all the time. We took an oath in front of the blessed land’s sea, to protect and stand by each other. We cultivated together and entered deep into the door of life and death, capturing life Gu and death Gu….”

“That was the happiest time of my life and I had thought it could continue forever. After an earth calamity, the land spirit suffered injuries and went into hibernation; a hole appeared in the blessed land and connected it to the outside world, allowing a scoundrel to sneak in.”

“This scoundrel was heavily injured at that time, and if I had known what would happen later because of him, I would have definitely killed him on the spot! But I didn’t do that and instead saved him. He claimed his surname was Shang, and had blood red hair. He had exceptional eloquence, and using his flowery words, he slowly deceived senior sister during his recuperation. His appearance was indeed slightly better than mine and used his pretty boy face to win senior sister’s favor. Senior sister was innocent and ignorant, the more she talked with him, the happier she became; in the end, she took the initiative to take care of him in every possible way.”

“We argued many times about this, falling out with each other a lot. After that thief recovered, I wanted to expel him and continue living a fairytale life with senior sister. But who could have thought her heart had already changed and actually broke the oath we took at that time, injuring me and defecting with that scoundrel!”

“I was really regretful! I regretted my compassion which led to a disaster, and I hated senior sister Chen Jiu for falling in love with somebody else, and even more hatred towards that despicable scoundrel for robbing what I cherished. After I recovered from my injuries, I left the blessed land and roamed around Southern Border, searching for this adulterous couple. But what I didn’t know was, this scoundrel had really high status and was the leader of Shang clan!”

Chou Jiu paused and looked at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was expressionless, he knew many behind-the-scene details due to his previous life memories and already knew who Chou Jiu was talking about in the middle of his conversation.

Chou Jiu could only give a forced smile at Fang Yuan’s indifference: “It seems you have already guessed their identities. That’s right, that thief is the current Shang clan leader Shang Yan Fei and my senior sister Chen Jiu is Doctor Su Shou. Shang clan is a super clan while I am a lone force, I roamed around Southern Border all these years and put in a lot of effort to deal with this adulterous couple! Unfortunately… unfortunately I am going to die here today and have no way of achieving my wish.”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan silently listened to end and suddenly laughed.

He looked at Chou Jiu who was sitting on the ground, his eyes shining brightly: “Killer ghost doctor, you made quite a good plan. According to your words, Shadow Sect has only you and Chen Jiu, if you die, I will have to obtain the information about life and death door from Shang Yan Fei and Doctor Su Shou. But why would they tell me about the matters regarding the blessed land of Shadow Sect so easily? At that time, we will have to fight, and no matter who wins, both will be favorable to you.”

“Hahaha… little beast king, you are very blunt and straightforward. People who only plot and scheme will always act under the radar, but your thinking is meticulous and your way of doing things is domineering, you are truly a formidable person who has yet to shake the world. You are right, that is my plan. It is an open scheme and you have already seen through it, so are you still going to make inquiries about the Shadow Sect’s blessed land from them?” Killer ghost doctor laughed heartily.

Fang Yuan looked at this rank five Gu Master for a while before sighing: “Of course.”

Life and death door was an immemorial forbidden ground like the river of time.

There were many unique Gu inhabiting in that place.

Spring Autumn Cicada existed in the river of time; life and death door naturally also had similar Immortal Gu.

It was impossible for Fang Yuan to not be moved by such an enormous benefits. Thus, he clearly knew Chou Jiu’s scheme, but was still going to go head-first into it.

Qiu laughed loudly with tears appearing in his eyes: “Little beast king, although you are a talent of the younger generation, I really admire you. I really look forward to the future where you collide with that adulterous couple. It is a pity I won’t be able to see it.”

“Our Shadow Sect has different views on life and death. We encountered each other among the countless sea of people because of life and yet my death will be because of you, this is a truly extraordinary fate. Maybe, you really are fated to find Shadow Sect’s blessed land and the door of life and death. I might as well give this mysterious fate to you and hope you can grasp it.”

Chou Jiu became tranquil and his gaze were deep as if he had seen through life and death: “It is no matter if I die now, after all in this world, who can live forever? One can gain a long life but immortality is a hopeless prospect. Even those Immortal Venerable and Demon Venerable will only turn into ashes in the end. Little beast king, I will end my own life, you don’t need to do it.”

Saying so, he committed suicide by biting off his tongue!

Blood sprayed out as his life went away, the ghost doctor, the head of the four great doctors in the future died like this.

“I did not expect to gain such important information by killing this ghost doctor. Shadow Sect’s blessed land, life and death door… If I am able to rule them, they will definitely be a foundation to my hegemony. It seems I will have to change my plan again.”

Every single Gu Master who cultivated to rank five needed to go through the survival of the fittest and many competitions before they were able to distinguish themselves; none of them were a simple character.

They all possessed their own individual opportunities, advantages, trump cards and secrets.

Right now, all the rank five Gu Masters in the blessed land were annihilated by Fang Yuan.

Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui, Ku Mo, Wu Lan Shan and Chou Jiu had their own distinct individuality, deep foundation and powerful strength. If the current Fang Yuan was to fight them alone, any one of them could easily suppress him; he was absolutely not their match.

“So Doctor Su Shou’s real name is Chen Jiu while the killer ghost doctor named himself Chou Jiu, it seems the hatred was born from love. No wonder in my previous life, during the battle of Yi Tian mountain, he took the initiative to go there and threw himself into that whirlpool, challenging Shang Yan Fei and confronting Doctor Su Shou. And after he was taken as a prisoner, he exposed the matter back then and was killed by Shang Yan Fei.”

As for the kindness, grudge, affection and hatred entangling these three, Fang Yuan did not want to judge.

Sympathize with Chou Jiu? But Doctor Su Shou’s choice was also completely understandable. Favor the rich and disdain the poor, detest ugliness and love beauty, these were common in the world.

Shang Yan Fei was a famous handsome man in Southern Border; comparing him to Chou Jiu, one was day and another was night.

The main reason Doctor Su Shou felt deeply attached to Chou Jiu was because she was pure and Chou Jiu was the first male she saw. And later when she met Shang Yan Fei, her eyes were opened and had a comparison.

Moreover, Chen Jiu was someone who innately pursued beauty.

When a patient came to visit her, she would first look at their appearance. If they were ugly, she would not treat them. If they were average, it would depend on her mood at that time and the patient’s examination fees. If they were handsome and beautiful, she would treat them on the spot and not even charge fees.

Someone reproached her for this and she argued righteously: “You ugly beings, the fact that you are alive is simply staining the beauty of life, you should all just die and that will solve all troubles. As for beautiful things, of course we need to cherish and protect them by all means.”

These words had caused an uproar in Shang clan city at that time. In the end, Shang Yan Fei personally appeared and suppressed this event.

Doctor Su Shou’s position in Shang clan city was unique.

Back when Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing saw Doctor Su Shou together at Shang clan city, the difference in her attitude was very clear. She was indifferent to Fang Yuan whereas she was very gentle and amiable to Bai Ning Bing.

“But speaking of it, the four great doctors all have their own peculiarity. Leaving aside killer ghost doctor and Doctor Su Shou, Travelling Doctor Jiu Zhi likes to disguise himself as an old beggar and wander around aimlessly. Divine Doctor Sheng Shou is a male who likes other males.”

Fang Yuan thought casually while taking out all the Gu of killer ghost doctor.

Chou Jiu had many Gu worms.

Most of them were healing Gu and besides that were movement Gu.

He did not have rank five healing Gu, but instead had a rank five movement Gu called warp Gu.

Warp Gu’s shape was abstract and looked like a fried twisted dough. Its dark golden body was twisted around seven to eight times, its head was twisted around its body, its eyes and wings were misaligned; as if its creator had created it at a whim.

However, this appearance instead matched with its original owner’s appearance.

Fang Yuan slightly sized it up before storing it. Then he used beast strength placenta Gu to swallow Chou Jiu’s aperture.

Looking at Chou Jiu’s corpse, he chuckled: “Chou Jiu… Chou Jiu, you are really cunning. If I did not have my previous life’s memories, I would have truly been deceived by you.”

Although Chou Jiu was dead, he was hiding a chance of resurrection.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Chou Jiu’s throat had been cut and assassinated during the middle stage of the battle in Yi Tian mountain. But not long later, he came back to life, causing both righteous and demonic path to be extremely startled.

It turns out, he had used remnant life Gu.

Remnant life Gu was a rank five expendable Gu, and as long as a Gu Master’s body is intact after death, they can slowly recover after some time and resurrect.

However, since Chou Jiu was at the blessed land, the remnant life Gu’s law fragment in his body was suppressed by the heavenly power and could not activate for the time being. But as long as the blessed land slowly crumbles, its suppression power would weaken and the remnant life Gu’s power could activate again and resurrect him.

Chou Jiu had repeatedly praised and flattered Fang Yuan and put on a show that he was carefreely facing death; it was all to give a good impression to Fang Yuan so that after his death, his corpse would not be ripped apart by Fang Yuan.

In truth, Fang Yuan also did not have a habit of mutilating corpses.

“But today, I will make an exception for you.” Fang Yuan ruthlessly attacked and soon turned Chou Jiu’s corpse into minced meat.

He hesitated for a while and was still not satisfied, so he burnt the pool of blood and flesh into ashes.

With a wave of his palm, the ashes fluttered and drifted everywhere.

“Chou Jiu, if you can still resurrect from this, I will admit you have skills! Hahahaha…”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 386: He also died 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“This is the forty-eighth round.” Wu Shen Tong counted in his heart.

He came from Wu clan, the number one super clan in southern border, they had deep foundations, and were the supreme overlord of the righteous path. And he was the heavily nurtured enslavement path Gu Master in Wu clan, his attainments in enslavement was nothing to be scoffed at.

Wu Shen Tong’s name might sound domineering, but in truth, he was thin as a stick, his skin was pale-yellow, and he looked like a sickly scholar.

In truth, he once had a broad shoulder and thin waist, and had a perfect body. But in one battle, he was afflicted with Long Qing Tian’s jade sky Gu poison.

He went to Divine Doctor Sheng Shou for treatment.

Divine Doctor Sheng Shou touched his chest, his eyes shining as he sighed: “You came too late. The Gu poison has seeped into your bone marrow. I can preserve your life and cultivation, but because this poison is deeply rooted, it cannot be removed. From now you, you have to come here once in a while for treatment, I will help you detox at regular intervals.”

Precisely because of jade sky Gu’s poison, Wu Shen Tong became thinner and thinner each day, eventually ending up like this.

“I wonder which Gu Master is my next opponent?” Wu Shen Tong walked in the fog, his gaze solemn.

Just earlier, in the three options, he chose the front path.

In King Quan inheritance, towards the later stages, more options appeared. Most Gu Masters would choose to fight dog groups for safety, and in truth, they only chose other Gu Masters out of desperation.

No matter how big the dog group is, they were still beasts. With a Gu Master’s guidance, even if the dog group is weak, they possessed great threat.

Wu Shen Tong however, took the opposite route, whenever he was given a chance to battle another Gu Master, he would not choose any other path.

“In terms of enslavement path mastery, I am top-tier in southern border. In this San Cha mountain, I am almost the best. Only two people can threaten me, one is Wu Gui because he is a rank five Gu Master that had once walked the enslavement path. But sadly, enslavement path used too much resources and he had to change paths midway. The other is Zhang San San, he is a true enslavement Gu Master, but his cultivation is inferior to me.”

In the enslavement path, Wu Shen Tong had great advantage. In terms of seniority, Zhang San San was his junior. In this King Quan Inheritance, even if he had to fight Wu Gui head on, he had no fear.

With such great strength, he obviously had to target his enemies and eliminate as many competitors as possible.

Eventually, he will be left alone to devour this King Quan Inheritance.

This was Wu Shen Tong’s brilliance.

“If I had to count, my next opponent should be the twenty-third. Hehe, it is your bad luck to have encouraged me.”

Wu Shen Tong snorted internally as he stopped his steps.

Beside him, his group dog guarded him closely.

He looked at the other end of the fog, from the fog, a group of green-purple dogs with rotting skin appeared.

“Oh, corpse dogs.” Wu Shen Tong laughed lightly.

He knew that these dogs were extremely useful early on in the inheritance. That is because these dogs can consume corpses to recover their injuries.

But towards the later parts, these corpse dogs would get weaker and weaker. That is because, these dogs were not as fast as the lightning symbol dogs, had lower defense than the steel armor dogs, and were not as united as the chrysanthemum akita dogs.

“Only those half-assed enslavement path Gu Masters would love these useless corpse dogs. Different paths are worlds’ apart, how would those who aren’t enslavement path Gu Masters know the true meaning of enslavement path without decades of experience?”

Wu Shen Tong thought about those Gu Masters and laughed in disdain.

But the next moment,he frowned lightly.

From the fog before him, corpse dogs continued to appear.

“This number is slightly huge, it seems that to win, I will have to pay a small price.” Wu Shen Tong thought.

But soon, at the same time as the corpse dogs, different kinds of dogs started appearing in his vision.

“Chrysanthemum akita dogs! The number is slightly big, hmm… it seems this person has some attainments in the enslavement path.” Wu Shen Tong nodded lightly.

“A combination of chrysanthemum akita dogs and corpse dogs, although the number is slightly big, their formation is extremely brittle. I just have to use a few dog kings to charge forward later, and they would disperse easily, as long as I act forcefully, I would be able to defeat them and attain victory.”

“Eh, the other party actually has hedgedogs?”

From the fog, Wu Shen Tong saw hedgedogs appearing.

These dogs, their entire bodies were filled with spikes, attacking them would injure oneself.

If the steel armor dogs with huge defense were called tough, then these hedgedogs were tough with spikes. To eliminate them, one has to be prepared to get their throats punctured.

“So many hedgedogs! It seems this person is lucky, being able to gather such a huge group. Why didn’t I have such luck?”

Wu Shen Tong sighed, immediately changing his battle strategy.

“The opponent had hedgedogs, I will use the steel armor dogs as the vanguard, and flank with the lightning symbol dogs. Once they engage in battle, the steel armor dogs will charge in and encircle with the lightning symbol dogs, attaining victory easily!”

But after the hedgedogs appeared, large numbers of lightning symbol dogs appeared from the fog.

Wu Shen Tong’s expression turned grim.

The appearance of the dog group meant his earlier strategy no longer worked. That is because the opponent possessed a dog with high speed like lightning symbol dog, they could reverse flank him.

“To think they also have the lightning symbol dogs, and so many!” More and more lightning symbol dogs appeared in his vision, as Wu Shen Tong’s expression turned ugly.

He thought: The other party has so many dogs, this cannot be explained with luck. Evidently, the other part is also an experienced enslavement path Gu Master, already able to threaten him.

“Who is it? Is it Wu Gui or Zhang San San? Regardless, this will be a tough fight. I can only improvise my battle tactic, and change accordingly, thankfully, I have a token!”

Thinking so, Wu Shen Tong’s heart settled.

He took a look at his dog troop, there, a group of dogs laid on the ground, around a hundred and twenty.

The dogs were large in size, twice the size of ordinary dogs, they had sharp claws and their backs were wide and thick, while their nose and mouth resembled a lion’s.

This was the heavy tai dog.

Heavy tai dog had defense equivalent to the steel armor dogs. In terms of unity, they matched the chrysanthemum akita dogs.

“In this King Quan Inheritance, out of the hundred types of dogs, only a few can be part of the main troop. Heavy tai dog is one of them. Lightning symbol dog, chrysanthemum akita dog, and steel armor dog, these dogs are too extreme, their weaknesses are too apparently, they cannot be relied on. Only a dog like heavy tai dog can be relied on. The larger the numbers, the stronger their battle strength.

Wu Shen Tong looked at his heavy tai dogs, feeling satisfied.

These were saved up by him after much difficulty. In usual battles, he did not use them, saving them until now.

“It seems this will be a hard battle, I have to use the heavy tai dogs. I believe that when I strike, the opponent should be very surprised. Hahaha…”

Thinking of this, Wu Shen Tong’s lips curled into a smile.

But the next moment, his smile froze on his face.

From the other end of the fog, heavy tai dogs appeared too.

“The other party also have heavy tai dogs? Indeed, they are an expert in enslavement path, they naturally understand the excellence of the heavy tai dogs, thus they kept a few.”

More and more heavy thai dogs appeared from the fog, as Wu Shen Tong started squinting, his brows frowning into a wrinkle.

“So many, why do they have so many heavy tai dogs?”

He had always regarded the heavy tai dogs as his trump card, seeing his opponent have them placed much mental pressure on Wu Shen Tong.

Suddenly, Wu Shen Tong’s pupils shrunk as he stared at the fog.

He saw a domineering dog king.

“Heavy tai dog king! They actually have a heavy tai dog king!” Wu Shen Tong saw this and his heart sank.

With the dog king, the dog group’s battle strength will surge several times. More importantly, Wu Shen Tong does not have a heavy tai dog king to fight back, his trump card would be suppressed by his opponent’s dog king and have less fighting strength than normal.

In just a short moment, his trump card was no more.

“Tough battle, this will be an unprecedentedly tough battle! Who is it? Wu Gui or Zhang San San? It has to be one of them! High chance it is Wu Gui!”

Wu Shen Tong had lost his confidence towards this battle.

“The opponent’s troops are larger than mine, I am likely to lose this. Even if I win this, it will be a tough victory and I would face great losses, unable to continue anymore.”

Wu Shen Tong felt regret already.

But very quickly, he felt more than just simply regret.

His eye socket expanded more and more, as his mouth opened subconsciously.

His eyeballs were bulging out of his sockets, like his head was hit on the back. His expression turned from suspicious to shock, from shock to fear.

From the fog, not only did a large number of heavy tai dogs appear, even green hua dogs, smoke song dogs, light heng dogs and star heng dogs appeared!

Green hua dogs, a body covered in green scales, having an extraordinary disposition.

Smoke song dogs, oozing smoke from its nose and mouth, extremely rebellious.

Light heng dogs, a body of white fur, bright and gentle.

Star heng dogs, long and slim, stood out from the crowd.

How is this possible!” Wu Shen Tong screamed: “Green hua, smoke song, light heng and star heng all have differing specialties, they are on the same level, known as the five great mountain 1 dogs collectively, able to form a grand formation! How did they get so many dogs?”

What was hardest for Wu Shen Tong to believe was that the other party not only had large numbers of five great mountain dogs, they also had their respective dog kings!

“Who in the world is he? How can he have so many dog kings? Unbelievable! Is this an illusion?” In the fog, dogs were still coming out one after another, causing a great mental impact on Wu Shen Tong.

Compared to him, the other party was like a giant fighting a baby.

They could be compared at all!

Wu Shen Tong had no battle intent left. He had no way of winning this battle.

The other party just has to wave their hand and the dog groups would overwhelm him, regardless of his manipulation skills, there was no difference.

The different in military force could not be made up for with technical skills.

“Who is it? Did a rank five enslavement path Gu Master come to San Cha mountain? Impossible! Even if it is a rank five enslavement path Gu Master, how can they have such a large army? I have to see who the other party is!”

Wu Shen Tong grabbed his token as he stared at the fog.

From the fog, a persona appeared.

“Finally revealing your true identity?” Wu Shen Tong’s sweat was dripping down his forehead as he gulped.

Swoosh!

At this moment, there was a light sound and Fang Yuan appeared behind him.

“Who?” Wu Shen Tong felt something and before he turned back.

Fang Yuan placed his palm on his head, squeezing.

Splat!

His head was popped like a balloon.

He was dead too.

From the fog, Bai Ning Bing walked out casually.

“How many rounds left?” She looked at Fang Yuan, yawning, like she had not gotten out of bed.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 387: Rank Five Slavery Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Others had to rack their brains and make countless plans to advance through the rounds; people like Wu Shen Tong and Wu Gui also had to meticulously plan and choose their options. But with the help of the land spirit, Bai Ning Bing just had to move forward.

The pitiful Wu Shen Tong, a grand rank four peak stage Gu Master, could not even see Bai Ning Bing’s appearance at the end.

As for Fang Yuan’s appearance, Bai Ning Bing was not in the least bit surprised because the land spirit had reminded her.

In fact, this was the cooperation of the two.

Fang Yuan needed Wu Shen Tong’s aperture while Bai Ning Bing needed Wu Shen Tong’s enslavement path Gu worms and these dog groups he had accumulated.

With Wu Shen Tong’s death, his large dog beasts group was naturally incorporated into Bai Ning Bing’s troops, increasing her enormous dog army by ten percent.

Looking at the vast dog group, Fang Yuan joyfully nodded: “Your dog beasts army has already become an initial formation. In this King Quan Inheritance, with this group, you can already snowball to the final round without any problems. Remember, at the last few rounds, there are a large group of lion mastiffs. These lion mastiffs are all mutated beasts and have much more battle prowess than the five great mountain dogs. They were the trump cards of King Quan. Besides them, there are two dog emperors, ancient mutated beasts which are more powerful than common mutated beasts. Back in the day, they were the left and right arms of King Quan, each of them can match a rank five Gu Master, you must subdue them!”

Bai Ning Bing nodded and left, continuing to charge through the rounds.

“You are indeed someone who came from the future, using Spring Autumn Cicada to come back to the past. You know about three kings inheritance inside out.” The land spirit transmitted its voice and praised, “I need to remind you, the immortal essence portions are almost depleted and are only enough for you to kill two more people. Who do you plan on killing next?”

Fang Yuan nodded and said without hesitation: “Zhang San San.”

Beast placenta Gu already had eighty-nine percent aptitude and shone like a gem. Compared to its previous rough muddy shape, the difference was like night and day.

Killing two more rank four Gu Masters was enough to achieve ninety percent aptitude.

Second aperture’s aptitude could not be higher than the Gu Master’s first aperture. Fang Yuan’s first aperture was A grade of ninety percent. Thus, the second aperture Gu’s current limit was also A grade ninety percent.

Even if he raised it to ninety nine percent, when it was used, Fang Yuan would only have ninety percent. The remaining nine percent aptitude would be wasted.

Of course, if Fang Yuan could raise his first aperture’s aptitude in the future, the second aperture would also have the potential to rise.

Zhang San San was only a rank four upper stage Gu Master, a stage lower than Gu Masters like Yi Huo and Kong Ri Tian.

But in Fang Yuan’s view, he was the enemy who possessed the most threat.

It was because he was an enslavement path Gu Master second only to Wu Shen Tong and Wu Gui.

Fang Yuan had a plan: “Bai Ning Bing is not an enslavement path Gu Master in the end and is a complete newbie at commanding the dog groups. Later, she will definitely be confused when commanding so many dog beasts, it will be remarkable if she doesn’t make any mistakes. Fortunately, I don’t need her to command and control the dog beasts, and only need her to form a huge battle formation to protect the main hall and wait quietly.”

Like this, it would greatly fill up for her inadequacy in commanding ability.

However, such battle formation would be extremely rigid and in case she runs into a proficient enslavement path expert, the situation would turn into a mess.

For instance, Wu Shen Tong and Wu Gui would only need to command a small group of dogs to make several attacks and probe out the actual situation. They could then send troops to lure the dog beasts repeatedly and cause disorder in the battle formation, creating a hole in the defense.

Fang Yuan would need to concentrate all his attention at the crucial stage of refining Gu. Land Spirit would also become very weak and all the defense would lie in the dog group, so Fang Yuan naturally wanted to eliminate the enslavement path Gu Masters who possessed the most threat.

After a while, Fang Yuan killed Zhang San San very smoothly.

Even Wu Gui, Wu Shen Tong and the others were killed by Fang Yuan, Zhang San San naturally could not escape his claws.

But his death gave Fang Yuan an unexpected surprise.

From Zhang San San’s aperture, Fang Yuan actually obtained a rank five slavery Gu.

Slavery Gu were available from rank one to rank five. Once these Gu were implanted on someone, it could control that Gu Master.

Rank five enslavement Gu could be used to control rank five Gu Master and was thus very precious and extremely rare. Back in the day on Qing Mao mountain, Gu Yue clan’s fourth generation clan leader had a great battle with flower wine monk. After he lost the battle, he asked for forgiveness and said he was willing to be enslaved by slavery Gu and be at flower wine monk’s disposal. In the end, flower wine monk was deceived by these words and during his moment of carelessness, he was counterattacked by the fourth generation clan leader, dying regretfully on Qing Mao mountain.

“Famous Gu Masters are not to be underestimated. This Zhang San San is an enslavement path Gu Master, it is not strange for him to possess enslavement Gu. The reason he had not used it was to wait for a good opportunity and get a rank five expert. After all, if a rank five slavery Gu were to be used on a rank four Gu Master, it would be a huge loss.”

Fang Yuan slightly thought and guessed Zhang San San’s thoughts.

He looked at the beast placenta Gu, its aptitude had already neared ninety percent, he only needed to kill one more.

Immortal essence portions were exhausted, so Fang Yuan could only kill one more anyway.

“With this enslavement Gu, I can control one person. Sigh, if I had known this Zhang San San had this Gu, I would have first killed him and used the enslavement Gu to subdue a rank five Gu Master.”

Fang Yuan felt some regret. If he had used this Gu to subdue Tie Mu Bai, it would be greatly advantageous to his Gu refinement!

Even if he did not get Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui, Ku Mo, Wu Lan Shan or Chou Jiu were also extremely good choices.

However now, they were all dead, Fang Yuan at best could only subdue rank four Gu Master, but using rank five enslavement Gu on rank four Gu Masters was equivalent to using an ox-cleaver to kill chicken, a complete waste of its value.

However, despite the rank five enslavement Gu being extremely precious and it would be a waste of its value, Fang Yuan was still going to use it!

He would be facing enormous risks while refining second aperture Gu, and would no doubt be much safer with a second rank four Gu Master beside him.

But there were so many rank four Gu Masters in the blessed land, who should he subdue?

Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong along with Li Fei Le, Tao Zi, Feng Tian Yu, Yan Jun, Li Xian, Hu Mei Er, Tie clan’s four old-timers, Tie Ruo Nan and others; some were powerful, some were cunning, some were sinister, some were brave, some specialized in long ranged attacks, some had outstanding movement ability, some were superior in healing, some had huge wealth, some had large connections…

Every choice had its consequences.

Fang Yuan’s thoughts rumbled like lightning and after thinking for a good while, he decided upon a choice.

“It shall be him. Land spirit, transport me.” Fang Yuan decided and said with no hesitation.

After about three minutes, Feng Tian Yu was kneeling in front of Fang Yuan and wholeheartedly said: “This subordinate Feng Tian Yu greets master!”

“Feng Tian Yu, you could refine rank five Gu when you were at rank three. Although the rank five Gu died after half a day, you achieved instant reputation from this. Now, things have changed, your clan is dwindling and facing extinction, you are no longer the young clan leader that had infinite prospects once.” Fang Yuan looked at the kneeling Feng Tian Yu and said indifferently.

Feng Tian Yu raised his head: “Having lord as my master, it is this subordinate’s honor and fortune.”

“It is good that you understand this point. Next, continue to charge through the rounds according to my instructions. King Xin inheritance has an undefeated hundred battles Gu, bring it to me.” Fang Yuan instructed.

“Yes, this subordinate will exhaust all his strength to do this task for master!” Feng Tian Yu promptly replied.

Under the control of the enslavement Gu, he had become a loyal and devoted slave of Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan felt reassured at Feng Tian Yu.

He was not only a famous and talented grand master of the refinement path in Southern Border, he was the biggest beneficiary of King Xin’s inheritance in his previous life.

In Fang Yuan’s memories, it was him who obtained undefeated hundred battles Gu.

Now after rebirth, Fang Yuan was not only going to obtain undefeated hundred battles Gu, but also take the original owner as his subordinate.

“Feng Tian Yu will be guided by the land spirit, it won’t be a problem for him to charge through King Xin’s inheritance. Like this, I have already acquired two of three kings inheritance.”

However, this was also not Fang Yuan’s main reason.

The reason why he chose Feng Tian Yu was because of his innate talent at refinement path.

After all, it was the first time Fang Yuan was refining the second aperture Gu. With such a grandmaster of refinement path beside him, it would definitely be a huge help in refining the Gu.

After taking in Feng Tian Yu, Fang Yuan began to consider his last target to kill.

Kill who?

Fang Yuan’s first thought was not the strongest Yi Huo and was also not the influential Hu Mei Er and Tao Zi, but rather Tie Ruo Nan.

Like Tie Mu Bai, Fang Yuan also thought highly of Tie Ruo Nan’s future prospects. Such a genius that had already been sharpened through trials, if she was allowed to grow, she was bound to be a huge threat. She was more terrifying that even Yi Huo and others.

However, the problem now was, the threat Tie Ruo Nan brought to Fang Yuan was far lower than Gu Masters like Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and others.

For the second aperture Gu refinement, if Fang Yuan killed Yi Huo, it would absolutely be more helpful than killing Tie Ruo Nan.

To kill Yi Huo just to be safe, or root out Tie Ruo Nan in consideration of the future?

Fang Yuan’s thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the land spirit: “Not good, something happened!”

“What?” Fang Yuan was surprised, the land spirit’s tone hid a trace of panic.

“A rank four Gu Master has discovered a weak area of the blessed land. That area had been seriously damaged due to earth calamity, the heavenly power at that area is the weakest and the Gu Masters can use one Gu there. Now, he is using a rank five Gu to spread poison all over the place. He will open a passage to the outside world in around eight minutes at this rate, and create a hole in the blessed land!”

Fang Yuan immediately sensed the seriousness of the matter.

In his previous life, he was a rank six Gu Immortal and had once possessed a blessed land, naturally knowing the importance of this.

If there was a hole in the blessed land and it connects with the outside world, the immortal essence expenditure would double. If it was not stopped and repaired in time, the hole would grow bigger and bigger, finally attracting winds of assimilation.

Once the winds of assimilation blew, the blessed land would be destroyed.

“I have already separated and cut off most of the areas with holes in the blessed land. But there are three places that are in crucial areas and can’t be cut off. To think this person’s luck is so good to actually bump into one of the areas and even be aware of the hole. For the actual situation, take a look.” The land spirit heaved a sigh.

A scene appeared in front of Fang Yuan.

In the scene, there was a Gu Master wearing dark blue robe, he was thin and his gaze was gloomy.

It was none other than Long Qing Tian!

Right now, he was activating his sole rank five poison Gu — jade sky.

Everywhere around him, the land and the sky were all suffused with a layer of pale green light.

He who once dyed the sky jade green!

Jade sky Gu was Long Qing Tian’s core trump card, a Gu from the immemorial times and was fundamental extinct now. Long Qing Tian had used this Gu to roam Southern Border and gain terrifying reputation for poisoning countless people.

Now, he was poisoning this part of the blessed land!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“To think my luck is so good, I accidentally found this weakened zone.” Long Qing Tian’s gaze shone as he showed an excited expression.

After all, although the three kings inheritance had a hundred rounds, each one had multiple choices, like the branches of a gigantic tree.

Him arriving at this place was rarer than one out of ten thousand, his luck was maxed out.

“The heavenly power restricting this place is very weak, I can actually use one Gu. Haha, I will use the jade sky Gu and poison this blessed land, that way, I will be able to communicate with the main world and form a connection.

“Once the path is made, I will be able to use Gu worms here at will, I will not have to obey the three kings’ rules. After that, I will use this place as my base and expand my influence, and get all the rewards. Hehehe, eh? Who is it!”

Long Qing Tian sensed something and turned around, seeing one person far away.

“Little beast king Fang Zheng?” Long Qing Tian squinted, feeling weird that Fang Yuan was here.

Fang Yuan did not reply, he waved his hand and a bone spike flew out.

Long Qing Tian snorted, activating his defensive Gu.

All around him was the jade-green jade sky Gu’s poison, already invading a huge area. Fang Yuan did not have detoxification methods and did not dare to touch the Gu poison, thus he could only engage in long range battle.

At this time, Fang Yuan only had the mutated beast phantoms left, but he did not have the rank four all-out effort Gu, thus he could not summon them as he wished.

But he had killed so many Gu Master experts, and obtained many different Gu worms that could be used for long range attacks.

In a few rounds of battle, Long Qing Tian was defeated by Fang Yuan.

Long Qing Tian could only use one Gu at any given time. Fang Yuan could use any number of Gu with the help of the land spirit. The difference between the two was huge.

Although he won, Fang Yuan’s expression was ugly.

Long Qing Tian’s corpse was a pale jade-green color, already poisoned by the jade sky Gu poison.

This demonic expert, before his death, smiled at Fang Yuan darkly, before activating the jade sky Gu and killed himself with poison.

Fang Yuan did not kill Long Qing Tian, he knew he had no hopes of surviving and suicided.

“As expected of a demonic head.” Fang Yuan breathed out deeply.

Jade sky Gu contained a special poison from the immemorial era, it is already extinct. In the current southern border, only the four great doctors can cleanse it.

If Fang Yuan wanted to devour his aperture, he would have to make contact with the poison. If he got poisoned, in less than two hours, his whole body will fade into a green light.

Very few Gu Masters could survive after getting hit with the jade sky Gu poison.

Wu Shen Tong from Wu clan was extremely lucky.

Even if Fang Yuan risked getting poisoned, he might not get any Gu. With the weak heavenly power here, Long Qing Tian could easily self-detonate his Gu worms one by one.

The benefits were not proportional to the risks, Fang Yuan would not do it.

“But because of this, my last portion of immortal essence has been expended on Long Qing Tian. The beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude can only reach eighty-nine percent.”

Fang Yuan felt great pity, after working so hard, he did not reach his desired ninety percent.

“I am after all too weak. The execution of these kind of plans can only be left to chances.

This unexpected situation that Long Qing Tian caused caught him off guard.

Fang Yuan was human, not god, he did not expect this to occur.

Although he had his previous life’s memories, and could clearly recall the details, for such minor details, if nobody mentioned it, who would know?

Moreover, after his rebirth, he changed many events. Whether this incident by Long Qing Tian happened in his previous life was unknown.

“Nevermind about the beast strength placenta Gu, what’s worse is that the land had already been infected by the jade sky Gu poison, the poison will eventually break out! By then, this land will rot, and turn into green-blue light, creating a huge hole.”

Fang Yuan looked at this area, as the green color darkened and spread further out.

Such a loophole would accelerate the blessed land’s destruction. That also means that the land spirit will get even weaker.

“If it was a younger blessed land, as long as immortal essence is sufficient, even if the poison cannot be cured, it will be able to cut away this rotten area and fix the hole. But this blessed land is already too old, and lack in immortal essence. Forming a hole here now is like the last straw that breaks the camel’s back . Sigh, I have little time left to refine Gu, I must hurry.”

At this point, Fang Yuan’s merciless slaughter had reached its end. He returned to the hall, and fought against time, refining his Gu!

As days passed, Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure intensified.

Fang Yuan only slept an hour a day, forcing himself to the limits.

As he worked hard like his life was on the line, other than a few unavoidable failures, his process was rapid. Even the land spirit was full of praises.

While Fang Yuan moved closer towards success, his younger brother was extremely high-spirited.

….

Central Continent, Tian Ti mountain.

At the middle of Hu Immortal blessed land, on Dang Hun mountain, Fang Zheng climbed with great effort, surpassing people after people.

During this period, he became the center of attention, attracting many people’s gazes.

“It’s him, that Fang Zheng from Immortal Crane Sect! He surpassed another person again!” Someone was jealous and envious.

“Fang Zheng…” Looking at Fang Zheng’s ascending silhouette, Fairy Bi Xia had a complicated gaze.

“Something weird is going on with this lad! At this rate, he might be the first to reach the peak!” Wei Wu Shang who has some rivalry with Fang Zheng had to admit that Fang Zheng had a high chance of success.

Fang Zheng used both his hands and legs, climbing laboriously.

 He breathed raggedly, with Lord Sky Crane’s help, he surpassed the ten sect elites one by one.

Eventually, there were only three people above him.

Xiao Qi Xing, Ying Sheng Ji, Feng Jin Huang!

“This lad is finally at the front, I did not use one’s own way Gu in vain.” He Feng Yang was watching closely, after seeing this, he sighed in relief.

“Without any accidents, the victor will be one of these four.” A Gu Immortal said mentally.

“Immortal Crane Sect’s speed is fast, but hehe, it is still uncertain who wins until the last second.”

“Indeed, Immortal Crane Sect is only fourth now, and had a huge difference with the first three. Now, it depends on whether he can surpass them in the limited time ahead.”

The Gu Immortals conversed.

The entire inheritance competition had reached its final stage!

…

In the grand hall, a lump of multi-colored light about the size of a water tank floated in the air as it spun.

Fang Yuan controlled it as his eyes were bloodshot, muttering: “Retrieve ninety grams of willow orpiment.”

At once, a relief sculpture moved away from the flooring, and turned into solid mass, it was the willow orpiment.

This was a material was from ancient times, rarely seen in today’s world, it was retrieved by land spirit, carving out ninety grams and placing it into the rainbow-colored light.

Fang Yuan concentrated, not having any carelessness, as the light turned yellow, he spoke: “Retrieve thirty snowball Gu.”

Thirty snowball Gu flew into the yellow light, the light lump that was water tank size was still yellow, but its volume was shrinking.

Eventually, it turned into a tiny inconspicuous soil-yellow rock.

Fang Yuan carefully held this rock, breathing in deeply. To refine this Gu, he spent two days and one night, it had finally ended.

He was extremely tired, lying down and falling asleep immediately, wanting to sleep for an entire week straight.

But after an hour, he was woken up by the land spirit.

This rock could not exist for long, after another fifteen minutes, it would evaporate. By then, Fang Yuan’s hard work would have gone down the drain, and he would need to start over.

“Refining Gu is difficult, it has to be a strength path Gu Master that has mastery over the refinement path. Even I, who has my memories and foundation, found it hard, and almost failed many times before, it was truly nerve wrecking. No wonder no one managed to refine the second aperture Gu in my previous life.”

Fang Yuan sighed as he patted his cheeks, waking himself up.

After resting for an hour, he felt much better, but his head was still heavy. He had used up too much mental energy, and he was mentally drained.

The second aperture Gu was a rank six Gu, refining an Immortal Gu was not an easy task.

Fang Yuan did not need to look at the mirror to know that he definitely looked pale with deep eye bags, having messy hair and an extremely exhausted expression.

“Land spirit, how much immortal essence left?” He asked.

“Five portions left.” Land spirit answered, weakness could be felt from its voice.

Eighteen days had past since Long Qing Tian was killed.

The rate of weakening of the blessed land shocked Fang Yuan secretly.

To sustain the three kings inheritance, immortal essence was expended greatly. Such a phenomenon had caused the outside world to go wild.

At this period, more and more Gu Master came to explore to blessed land, some were established experts.

“Only five portions of immortal essence are left, but the Gu refinement is only two-thirds done. Land spirit, what day and month is it?” Fang Yuan asked with a grim expression.

“According to your calendar, today is the nineteenth of October.”

“Nineteenth of October, according to my calculations, the second aperture Gu’s refinement will reach the last step in five days. October twenty-fourth… eh? In history, isn’t this the day where Feng Jin Huang attains victory and inherits the Hu Immortal blessed land?” Fang Yuan thought of Feng Jin Huang.

This girl had exemplary talent and a strong background, after inheriting Hu Immortal blessed land, she shot up rapidly. In future, she cultivated to Gu Immortal realm using this, and spread her influence throughout the world, shining with a brilliant light.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he escaped southern border and arrived at central continent, becoming a Gu Immortal and after creating the bloodwing demonic sect, this woman was his mortal enemy. They had at least a few hundred battles, and eventually, Fang Yuan allied with numerous demonic path Gu Immortals and attacked Hu Immortal blessed land together, paying a painful price to kill her.

“My influence now should not have reached central continent yet. Feng Jin Huang obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, the benefit was as great as the heaven! Even second aperture Gu cannot compare to it.”

Fang Yuan sighed, his previous life’s enemy was about to soar to heaven, yet he was too far away and could not stop it.

Fang Yuan did not know that his brother was still alive, and was engaging in a fierce competition with Feng Jin Huang and the others.

The influence of his rebirth, had already affected central continent’s ten sects.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 389: Only one step left 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

October 20th.

In the main hall, faint red rays of light began to vanish and shone upon the surroundings.

The relief sculptures on the bronze tiles had already disappeared by more than half.

Fang Yuan’s face was pale and he looked haggard, his eyes were red as his gaze was fixed at every change in the light lump.

Everything was silent.

October 21st.

The land spirit brought a bad news; a rank five expert had entered the blessed land.

Fang Yuan looked at the image and immediately recognized this person: “So it was Xiao Mang of Xiao clan. He is an expert of the light path and possesses rank five extreme light Gu. In my previous life, he appeared on San Cha mountain, he came after all.”

The land spirit gasped: “Extreme light Gu? Then it means this Xiao Mang can summon the light of glory of the immemorial era! This enemy is a huge threat to us!”

The land spirit was extremely worried.

Immemorial times had nine heavens; white heaven, red heaven, orange heaven, yellow heaven, green heaven, azure heaven, blue heaven, purple heaven and black heaven.

The sunlight of the immemorial era was extraordinary, it was the light of glory and could pierce through the nine heavens and spread its warmth and grace to all living beings.

At present, red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue and purple heavens were no more, only white heaven and black heaven remained. The sunlight no longer contained the glory of the immemorial era, and had weakened to the extreme, being able to pierce through only the white heaven.

Rank five extreme light Gu, once activate, could burst out with the intense light of glory of immemorial era. This light did not have even a little bit of attack power, but it could pass through everything and shine upon on every corner of the world.

That is to say, even this blessed land could not cut off immemorial light.

Fang Yuan scoffed: “Ba Gui, you can be relieved. He obtained the extreme light Gu from robbing a tomb and is an incomplete Gu. He can only use it three times every month. If he crosses this limit, the Gu will self-destruct.”

The land spirit let out a breath of relief: “That’s good. These days, I have been getting weaker. At the final juncture, you will have to rely on yourself.”

“Hehe, I have always liked relying on myself.” Fang Yuan laughed and continued to refine Gu without saying any more.

October 22nd.

Puff… 

“Damn it, another failure!”

Fang Yuan spat out a large mouthful of blood, his eyes turned black and almost lost his consciousness.

He gritted his teeth and held the ground; he felt the world was spinning, he seemed to see stars and there were continuous buzzing sounds in his ears.

Especially, his chest felt stifled and he felt like vomiting.

After a long while, this nauseous feeling eased slightly.

Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air and slowly sat down.

“Failure in Gu refinement will cause a backlash. I have already failed three times in this step, it is not that my skills are bad, I already did it perfectly but this step seems to rely on luck and has a probability of one in a ten chance of success. Sigh! There is no time!”

Fang Yuan was looking pale, he resisted the pain of the backlash with great difficulty and began his fourth attempt.

At this moment, the immortal essence in the bronze cauldron was less than four portions.

October 23rd.

Fang Yuan stopped his actions and looked at the Gu worm in his hand with bright light shining in his eyes.

This Gu was like a beetle with a big and graceful belly, a pointed head and tail. It did not have any legs or antennas. It’s shape was vague, seemingly like a vague carving on crude earthenware, with no vitality like a grey stone.

The earth spirit was joyous: “Young man, I really didn’t misjudge you! You have succeeded in refining this false Gu, now you only need to advance a step and turn false into real and refine the true second aperture Gu!”

“That’s right, only one step remains.” Fang Yuan’s tone was complicated, relaxed and yet heavy.

Refining this second aperture Gu was like climbing a mountain. There were thousands of steps and who knew how many times he had failed, and he had gotten almost no rest, but finally he reached this stage. His previous effort and investment were not in vain, thus he was relaxed.

However, this final step was the most crucial moment, a step of qualitative change and required the use of Immortal Gu divine travel Gu.

Although Fang Yuan had succeeded in refining Spring Autumn Cicada, he had never used Immortal Gu to refine Immortal Gu; this final step was the step which he did not have any certainty of, so his mood was heavy.

“Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn. With unlimited divine opportunity, swim and roam in the wilds, adding in third watch, and another third watch, obtaining nine. Nine as extreme, the refinement is complete… This final step required the use of lifespan Gu, divine travel Gu and also two third watch Gu.” Fang Yuan pondered.

He understood the earlier steps and could even modify them. But as for this step, he only slightly understood its real intent.

“Land spirit, what changes have occured in the blessed land?” Fang Yuan suddenly asked.

“Two batch of troops have arrived with dozens of rank three Gu Masters, each being led by a rank four Gu Master; their momentum is great.” The land spirit showed the scenes to Fang Yuan.

“So it is Che clan and Zuo clan, tsk , the two clan leaders are leading and it seems most of the elders have come.” Fang Yuan recognized them with a glance.

The whole San Cha mountain was located in between Zuo clan’s Leng Chan mountain and Che clan’s Fei Lai mountain.

These two clans were continuously expanding and in the recent years, had been competing at the front line of San Cha mountain with the intent to occupy it.

However, the sudden appearance of the three kings inheritance thoroughly ruined these two clans’ plan.

There were a hundred thousand famous mountains in the whole Southern Border along with countless unnamed mountains and hills which were covered with wild and ferocious beasts, their surroundings were dangerous and extremely hard to pass.

Other forces could only send their elites. But these two clans were nearby and had restrained themselves at the beginning, but now when they felt the strange change in the inheritance, they finally send most of their troops.

To Fang Yuan, this was bad news.

At the final juncture, everyone was sure to attack the center of the blessed land, this main hall. These Che clan and Zuo clan’s troops were all Fang Yuan’s enemies.

“Besides them, when the time comes, there will be Li Xian, Hu Mei Er, Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and other experts. At the final juncture, I will have to concentrate fully on refining Gu and leave the defense to land spirit, Bai Ning Bing and Feng Tian Yu. This is however only the external danger.”

“At the final step, I will need to use two third watch Gu in a row, causing the time to flow nine times faster on me! This is a great tonic to Spring Autumn Cicada and at that time, its pressure will increase drastically and endanger my aperture. This is the internal danger.”

“With both internal and external danger, danger lurks everywhere. But I can only grit my teeth and persevere. I have already reached this stage, only one step remains before I am able to step on the summit. I will bet on this. If I really succeed, I will have a second aperture and as I cultivate to rank six in future, I will not fall too far behind Feng Jin Huang.

In Fang Yuan’s plan after rebirth, Qing Mao mountain and Shang Clan were only a platform while the second aperture Gu was the stepping stone.

But it was because of these small accumulations that he could sprint further.

Next, there will be many opportunities which he would have no qualifications to participate without a certain cultivation and strength!

“All living beings have to go through survival of the fittest, I can’t compromise on these opportunities and have to make every second count. Only then will I not let down my future knowledge….”

Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh before beginning to rest, preparing for the final day.

October 24th.

Fang Yuan woke up from his deep sleep and slowly opened his eyes.

“It has been so many days since I had such a comfortable sleep, next is the great battle!” He stood up and slowly paced around the main hall.

Under the land spirit’s guidance, there were already two people standing outside the main hall.

“Master!” Feng Tian Yu immediately kneeled in front of Fang Yuan and offered a Gu worm.

This Gu was nothing special in its appearance, looking like a round piece of limestone. It was none other than undefeated hundred battles Gu.

“Subordinate was able to accomplish the mission, and after going through the hundredth round and receiving King Xin Inheritance, I was able to take in these hairy men.”

At his side stood several hundred hairy men, their bodies were filled with dense hair and were standing there quietly.

“Good.” Fang Yuan nodded and indifferently praised, he was not surprised.

These hairy men had the innate nature to follow the people who were better at refining Gu than them. It was not surprising for Feng Tian Yu to charge through the hundredth barrier and have these followers.

Fang Yuan then walked towards Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing looked at the great bronze main hall, her gaze flashing with a trace of understanding: “It seems this is the blessed land’s center area.”

Saying so, she looked at Fang Yuan: “Hmph, you best remember your promise.”

Fang Yuan smiled: “You can be at ease.”

He looked behind Bai Ning Bing, seeing the near hundred thousand dog beasts that did not seem to have an end; some were occupying an area, some were having fun with each other and some were running around, making a din.

Fang Yuan slightly furrowed his brows, this was the weakness of Bai Ning Bing’s commanding ability. If it was Zhang San San, Wu Gui or Wu Shen Tong, any one of them could arrange these dogs in a tight formation and have them stand there without moving, like an army.

However, this was after all something entirely beyond Bai Ning Bing, she had never received any enslavement path training before, and it was already not easy for her to be able to reach this stage.

In fact, Bai Ning Bing was feeling dizzy now, her every movement was slightly lagging and her soul felt heavy, she felt her body was like a marionette.

Controlling so many dog beasts at once was truly demanding a lot out of her.

“Listen to my arrangements now, be in a defensive formation. No matter how the enemies provoke you, do not take the initiative to attack. Remember it at all costs, remember.” Fang Yuan warned.

“Okay, since it is your arrangement, whether this succeeds or fails has no relation to me.” Bai Ning Bing coldly replied.

“Hehe, no matter success or failure, I will give you the Yang Gu.” Fang Yuan assured with a smile.

“Hmph, you better do what you said.”

 …

“Two light pillars have disappeared, this means King Xin and King Quan Inheritance have been taken!” Early morning, at the peak of San Cha mountain, there was a commotion among the Gu Masters.

“This time’s inheritation opening is extremely strange, it has been maintaining itself till today, causing the blessed land to deteriorate extremely fast.” Someone was doubtful.

But compared to this, more people were paying attention towards the inheritance.

“Who are the two lucky guys who inherited the inheritance?”

“I think King Xin Inheritance should be inherited by Lord Tie Mu Bai. He has not come out since he entered.”

“King Quan Inheritance might have been inherited by Wu Gui.”

“No, it should be our clan’s lord Wu Shen Tong.”

“Hmph, the way I see it, our demonic path’s enslavement master Zhang San San also has a chance of winning.”

The crowd argued for a while before someone finally discovered something strange.

“Strange, none of the several rank five Gu Masters that entered the inheritance has come out. What is going on?”

“King Xin and King Quan Inheritance were inherited, but why have the other guys not come out?”

“They are being detained in the blessed land. This blessed land is already nearing its extinction, not long later the passage will open wide and let all of us enter and exit at will.” A resonant voice spread.

“Lord Xiao Mang!” Immediately, the righteous path Gu Masters recognized the identity of the speaker.

“This Xiao Mang has not entered the inheritance after he arrived on San Cha mountain, what the heck is he planning?” Demonic Gu Masters felt apprehensive inwardly, Xiao Mang’s arrival had suppressed their flames.

Xiao Mang proudly smiled after succeeding in attracting everyone’s gaze: “Now I will use extreme light Gu to open the passage for us!”

When he finished speaking, he opened his eyes wide and furiously activated his primeval essence while lifting his fists high.

Extreme light Gu!

Heaven’s will Gu!

Empty fist Gu!

Killer move —  Immemorial Light Fist!

Three Gu activated at once, causing the whole sky to dim.

Everyone looked with shock as light rays formed into an enormous fist the size of a mountain, it appeared abruptly and disappeared just as suddenly, striking at some unknown place.

Extreme light Gu might have no attacking power, but when combined with the other two Gu, it could form an incomparably intense attack!

Bam!

A formless membrane was pierced through, the blessed land shook and an enormous hole formed into a passage that connected to the outside world.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 390: Mo Wu Tian 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

On San Cha mountain peak, only one light pillar remained.

But a grey plain appeared in front of everyone like a foggy image. It looked like it was separated by a veil, giving off a dream-like atmosphere.

How could a plain appear on the mountain peak?

This was caused by Xiao Mang; he penetrated the blessed land and created a loophole.

For a moment, everyone was silent; some were dazed, some shocked, and some looked at each other, no one moved.

Xiao Mang snorted inwardly before slightly signalling with his eyes at somewhere in the crowd.

A Gu Master immediately ran out of the crowd: “Lord Xiao Mang’s might is unrivalled, even forcibly piercing through the blessed land. Like this, we are no longer confined by the restrictions of three kings inheritance and all of us can enter!”

After he finished shouting this, he walked out of the crowd and with several jumps, entered the hole inside the blessed land.

He then activated his Gu worms in front of everyone.

One, two, and three… the heavenly power’s suppression around the hole had weakened, allowing him to activate three Gu worms.

This scene immediately caused the crowd to be restless, countless people seemed to be startled awake and their breathing turned rough.

Being able to use Gu meant they had the ability to defend themselves. That is to say, the risk in the blessed land greatly decreased.

However, the performance was still not over, this Gu Master suddenly ran back and with several jumps, got out of the blessed land and returned to San Cha mountain.

“Hahaha!” He laughed loudly and cupped his fists to Xiao Mang, “Thank you lord for your favor!”

Xiao Mang chuckled: “There is no need for thanks, no need. I only felt that everyone should have the rights to compete for the treasures of heaven and earth. It is too much that only a few people hog them. However, how much you can seize will have to depend on yourselves.”

“We are very grateful to Lord Xiao Mang!”

“Lord Xiao Mang is a great person, and his elder brother is the hero Xiao Shan.”

“Truly, they are a pair of dragon and tiger brothers!”

“Looking at all the great rank five Gu Masters at San Cha mountain, only Lord Xiao Mang cared about us weaker characters, he is a role model of the righteous path, he is so kind…”

The cheers and flattery of everyone entered Xiao Mang’s ears like a tide.

The crowd of people charged into the blessed land.

“A bunch of idiots.” Xiao Mang was beaming with a warm and gentle smile, but was disdainfully scoffing inwardly.

“I came really late compared to Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui and the others. King Quan and King Xin Inheritances have been taken, now only King Bao remains! Damn them! I had already pleaded with father and the elders, but they were only concerned about Xiao Shan’s illness! Hmph, it would be best if he dies, then I will become young clan leader…”

“Hmph, only after coaxing and pestering was I permitted to come to San Cha mountain, but it is too late already! How can I compare to those guys who came before me? Only by creating a hole in the blessed land, and causing chaos can I get benefits from within!”

“As for this blessed land, the more people that goes in, the more burden it will have to bear. Hehehe, the heavenly power will get weaker and weaker. So what if you guys obtained the inheritance? I can completely use my Gu worms to seize them! King Bao, King Quan and King Qin Inheritance, they are all mine! If I can’t obtain them, then you guys can also stop thinking of them!”

 …

“Alright, this is more or less it.” Fang Yuan nodded with satisfaction as he looked at his surroundings.

This bronze main hall was situated on a hill. The hill was not steep and rather had gentle slopes around it.

Such a terrain was not easy to defend, but the numbers of the dog beasts slightly made up for it.

For over two hours, Fang Yuan had been arranging the formation for Bai Ning Bing and explaining to her how to deal with any situations that could occur.

BOOM…

Right at this time, the whole world shook and some dust fell off from the ceiling of the bronze hall.

“Not good, that Xiao Mang used extreme light Gu to pierce through the blessed land and formed a passage. Large numbers of Gu Masters are rushing in, killing and competing; the whole situation has completely fallen into chaos!” The lands spirit’s voice resounded.

Fang Yuan chuckled without any panic.

In his previous life’s memories, it had been the same. Xiao Mang’s arrival signified the development of this scene.

“Chaos is good, Xiao Mang wants to profit from this chaos while I need this chaotic situation to help me drag for time.” Fang Yuan’s dark eyes flashed with eerie light.

“Eh? A rank five Gu Master actually mixed in among this crowd… this young man is really amazing to be able to deceive my senses, I only found something wrong when he made his move!” The land spirit suddenly said.

Fang Yuan furrowed his brows, this development was beyond his expectation: “Who is it?”

The image in front of him stopped and showed a young man with long black hair that reached up to his waist. He had a pair of deep and dark purple eyes with thick eyebrows which ends were raised up, giving him a crazed disposition like burning flames.

He gave off an awe-inspiring demonic aura, disregarding the world, an unbridled tyrannical aura that seemed to want to destroy the world like the descent of an evil dragon.

“Mo Wu Tian!” Fang Yuan gaze concentrated and recognized the man.

This person was a genius of the demonic path who had inherited an ancient inheritance and was a soul path Gu Master. Whether it was his reputation or power, Fang Yuan was not his match.

In his memories, in the battle of Yi Tian mountain, Mo Wu Tian had beheaded several rank five righteous path Gu Masters, his reputation was fearsome and his demonic flames soared to the skies. At the end, when the demonic path was completely defeated, Mo Wu Tian broke through the besiegement and stormed out with no one being able to obstruct him.

“In my previous life, Mo Wu Tian did not come to San Cha mountain! It seems the influence of my rebirth has already affected a person of such strength?”

Just as Fang Yuan was contemplating, inside the image, Mo Wu Tian seemed to have discovered being watched; he slightly turned around and unexpectedly looked right in Fang Yuan’s direction.

“So it was this way…” He muttered in a soft voice and the corner of his lips formed a sinister smile.

“This is bad, he seems to have sensed us and is charging towards here!” The land spirit immediately gave a warning.

Fang Yuan’s eyes squinted into a slit, Mo Wu Tian was actually targeting him with an intense hostility. What are his intentions, and what did he discover?

“The chaos will only last for a some time and when Tie Mu Bai and the others don’t show up, it will start creating doubt. We don’t have much time, we need to immediately start with the Gu refinement! Land spirit, raise the fog. Feng Tian Yu, follow me into the main hall and help me in Gu refinement!”

They were pressed for time, Fang Yuan shouted his commands and brought Feng Tian Yu into the bronze hall.

As for the hairy men that followed Feng Tian Yu, they were left outside to surround and protect the main hall, forming into the final line of defense.

Looking at Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu’s departing figures, Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flashed with a cold light.

The fog began to rise and spread, covering the main hall quickly before covering all the dog beasts on the hill.

 …

The bronze hall was spacious and majestic, its walls echoed back Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu’s footsteps, making the silence and the emptiness of this place even more conspicuous.

At present, the bronze tiles on the main hall were already a scene of emptiness — most of the materials and Gu worms were already consumed in refining Gu with only a few relief sculptures remaining now.

Fang Yuan walked to the bronze cauldron with Feng Tian Yu and sat cross-legged.

“This is the final step, the true crucial moment!” He took a deep breath, his eyes as clear as water.

Feng Tian Yu’s breathing, however, was rough, showing his excitement. To a refinement path Gu Master, refining an Immortal Gu was something they looked forward to the most their whole life.

“Let’s start.” Fang Yuan took out the false second aperture Gu and directly threw it into the bronze cauldron.

The bronze cauldron burned without fire, the thin layer of immortal essence on its bottom started to rapidly decrease and combust!

It combusted and formed into a blue smoke that gracefully rose and covered the false second aperture Gu.

The false Gu floated above the bronze cauldron and was turned into dazzling yellow light by this blue smoke.

Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu concentrated all their attention into blending the blue smoke and the yellow light.

After an unknown period of time, the blue smoke turned into beads of grass that floated in the air and started growing. The yellow light turned into flowers that fluttered and fell into the grass.

“It is time!” Fang Yuan took out a dagger and cut his artery, bleeding out his own essence blood.

This step was extremely important; only with this step, could the refined second aperture Gu become Fang Yuan’s. Otherwise, it would be an ownerless object that would fly away once it was refined.

Large amounts of essence blood infused into smoke. The blue smoke and yellow light immediately let out sizzling sounds and turned into a red cloud like a wave of blood sea.

The blood surged and turned into a sphere that floated in the air without spreading.

The cloud was continuously evolving: Blood sea gradually calmed down and formed a field, a large expense of red paddy that was scarlet like blood grew from the field.

Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air at this and promptly used a Gu to heal his wounds.

Even so, he had lost a huge amounts of blood and his face had turned wan.

“Wild grass grow wildly, the qi of blood like the sea. Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn. With unlimited divine opportunity, swim and roam in the wilds, adding in third watch, and another third watch, obtaining nine. Nine as extreme, the refinement is complete!”

He already knew the recipe inside out, but still recalled it once more now.

“Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn… next, it is lifespan Gu! Ba Gui!” Fang Yuan shouted.

The land spirit was already on standby and immediately took out two lifespan Gu at Fang Yuan’s call.

These lifespan Gu were one large and one small like ginseng or tree roots and gave a crude sense of touch.

The small was three hundred years lifespan Gu; it was like a blue snake that had formed into a round loop, it could increase a Gu Master’s lifespan by three hundred years with no side-effects. The large one was like a young dragon that wanted to fly to the sky, bearing its claws; it could raise the lifespan by five hundred years and similarly with no side-effects.

The worth of these two Gu was self-evident. Feng Tian Yu’s eyes blossomed with light and his whole body shook at the sight of these two Gu.

Fang Yuan first threw in the three hundred years lifespan Gu into the cloud.

The cloud swallowed the lifespan Gu and immediately started raging like boiling water.

Right now, the cloud seemed to have become a blue scaled long snake that attempted to slip out of Fang Yuan’s control!

Fang Yuan was caught unprepared and almost lost his grasp on this blue snake.

When he managed to react, most parts of the blue snake had already slipped out with only its tail remaining in his hands.

Fang Yuan tightly gritted his teeth and opened his eyes wide; they were completely red!

He poured in all his attention and all his strength to tightly grasp the cloud and not let it escape.

Once the cloud escaped, all his previous effort would turn into an illusion!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 391: Demonic Path Alliance Army 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Seconds passed like days, eventually, the cloud gradually settled down in the air.

Fang Yuan finally had the break he needed to curse the original owner of this blessed land. Such an important point was not mentioned at all in the recipe!

All because of him concentrating hard and reacting in time, together with the help of Feng Tian Yu, he was able to calm and stabilize the situation, slowly getting back his control, otherwise he would have failed.

As time passed, a mystical aura slowly spread.

The cloud completely digested the three-hundred-year lifespan Gu, calming down and turning back to the scene of ‘blood field red wheat’. But at this moment, the red wheat had turned blue-green, as if new crops were growing in spring, almost overcrowding. This was what the recipe described as “three hundred years as spring”.

“That mysterious Gu Immortal must’ve only developed the recipe but did not actually do it himself, otherwise, he would have mentioned it.” Fang Yuan caught a break and thought hard: “Next, I have to use the five-hundred-year lifespan Gu, but no need to rush.”

He wiped the sweat off his forehead, calling the land spirit: “Ba Gui, show me the image of the poisoned land.

Immediately, smoke images appeared in the air, showing a picture.

Long Qing Tian’s corpse laid on the ground, as his surrounding sky and land were dyed a deep green colour.

This was Long Qing Tian’s jade sky Gu poison.

This Gu originated from the immemorial era, it had a strong poison that Fang Yuan would not dare to touch.

At this moment, two Gu Masters appeared in the image, they had rank three cultivation.

“This place is weird, why is it so green?”

“Quickly, see, that corpse — It’s Long Qing Tian!”

They entered this place and found Long Qing Tian’s corpse by accident.

“Long Qing Tian is rank four peak stage, a famous demonic head, he was actually killed!”

“Quickly go see, his corpse might have something good!”

The two were happily running towards Long Qing Tian’s corpse, driven by greed, they did not realize their bodies were infected by this green light.

“Courting death.” Fang Yuan sneered, as expected, in less than ten steps, their poison reacted and the two of them turned into green light, dissipating.

“The jade sky Gu poison has gotten very deep, this region is almost finished, it has completely rotted, the loophole it forms will be even greater than the one Xiao Mang created.”

Time was precious, every second was important, but Fang Yuan did not move regardless of how anxious he felt.

After five minutes, with a boom, the blessed land shook and the hall vibrated.

The second loophole tunnel was created!

The land spirit sighed, this way, the blessed land’s speed of destruction doubled!

“Continue refining Gu!” Fang Yuan took out the five-hundred-year lifespan Gu and threw it into the cloud.

The cloud rumbled again, trying to break free of Fang Yuan’s control.

But Fang Yuan was mentally prepared, he was not caught unaware like last time, and restrained it completely.

But quickly, he felt that there was nothing he could do.

The cloud’s change this time, was not only giving off a slippery feeling, but also an arrogant brute force. Like a green snake that had evolved into a flood dragon, about to break free from Fang Yuan’s control.

Feng Tian Yu quickly came to help, the two worked hard to suppress the cloud’s transformation.

The cloud rumbled many times, about to break free at times, but was eventually suppressed.

Five minutes later, the cloud became clear again, showing a blood field with golden wheat ready for a bountiful harvest. It was the “five hundred years as autumn” scene.

Thankfully, he only refined this Gu after the poison broke out, if not, when the second loophole formed and the hall shook, this Gu refinement would have been interrupted and would not have succeeded.

Fang Yuan waited a while more, as the cloud slowly dispersed after maturing. From the water tank size, it shrunk into a new Gu, falling down.

Fang Yuan held it, it was like a peanut shell, golden and having markings on the surface, that is, scarlet blood traces.

The first false second aperture Gu could only survive for a week, it was unstable. As for this Gu, it could survive for forty years.

At this step, the real second aperture Gu had already formed, and was nurturing in the peanut shell.

But if it was allowed to develop on its own, not just a thousand years, but even if given then thousand years, it might not turn into the real product. Only by using a strong external force, to eliminate the false and make it real, turning from phantom to solid, can it attain a qualitative change, breaking free from mortality and become an immortal!

And this external force is none other than the rank six divine travel Gu!

“Next, we have to use an Immortal Gu to refine an Immortal Gu!” Fang Yuan took deep breaths, regulating his internal flow as he started the most important step of this entire refinement process.

At this time, in the outside world, sounds of killing was overwhelming the mountain…

“This dog is mine!”

“As long as you hand over your Gu worms, I will spare you your life.”

“Kill all these eggmen, these variant humans are actually occupying one spirit spring, what a waste of resources!”

…

All sorts of plundering and robbing were happening, as Gu Masters killed till their eyes turned red, casualties increased greatly.

“Strange! Why have we not seen Lord Tie Mu Bai after so long!”

“Where did our Wu clan Wu Shen Tong go?”

Tie clan and Wu clan Gu Masters felt something amiss.

“Search, quickly go search!”

“The heavenly power’s restriction is very small now, we can use most of our Gu worms. The situation is a mess now, there is killing everywhere, as blood flow into a river, we need to find our clan’s experts to suppress the situation.”

“Are there any places left unsearched?”

“The deepest part of this blessed land, there is a thick fog.”

Just as these people placed their sights on the bronze hall, Mo Wu Tian had walked to the edge of the fog alone.

“There is the aura of a Immortal Gu…”

His purple eyes was deep and mysterious, with arrogance and wildness hidden within. Using the purple eyes, the fog dissipated at times, as an endless number of dogs appeared in Mo Wu Tian’s vision.

He frowned.

There was strong defenses, just him alone cannot penetrate this defensive line. He needed external help.

His brows eased as Mo Wu Tian turned around.

He moved like lightning, tearing through the sky, moving a hundred miles as he landed before Hu Mei Er.

Hu Mei Er was first scared till she turned pale, after recognising Mo Wu Tian, she smiled: “Young master Wu Tian, you came too! This three kings inheritance has little meat but many wolves , you might get disappointed. Eh! You have advanced to rank five!”

Hu Mei Er looked at this man, unable to hide her shock.

She gulped, trying to alleviate this shock as she forced out a smile: “That’s great, you have rank five strength, you have the ability to gain great rewards from this situation. These green eggmen have huge numbers, they have built structures and castles, I cannot break through. There is a green egg empress inside, as long as we capture her, we will be able to have endless fortune.”

“Hehehe.” Mo Wu Tian looked at the castle, laughing lightly: “Back then, King Bao, Wang Ba Dan, had eight egg empresses, and produced numerous eggmen. King Xin, Wang Xiao Ya’s inheritance has divulge information Gu and undefeated hundred battles Gu. King Quan, Wang Er Gou, had two dog emperors, Ying Ming and Ba Huang. This is the essence of the three kings inheritance, but none of them interests me.”

Hu Mei Er’s smile froze: “To think that young master Wu Tian knows the three kings inheritance so clearly. Since you have no interests in it, why don’t you let me have it.”

“As expected of a woman, you are too short-sighted!” Mo Wu Tian laughed loudly, staring at Hu Mei Er’s eyes: “Let me tell you, the land spirit of this blessed land is not dead, in the deepest area, a deceased Gu Immortal’s treasure awaits!”

“What?!” Hu Mei Er was stunned.

“But there is a thick fog there and over a hundred thousand dogs guard it. To go to the central control hall, it is not enough with just the two of us.” Mo Wu Tian laughed deeply.

Hu Mei Er was a smart woman, she immediately understood Mo Wu Tian’s intentions.

Her eyes shone as she laughed curtly: “Hehehe, isn’t it easy to recruit people?”

Hu Mei Er was a decisive person, she abandoned the green egg empress, recruiting demonic Gu Masters alone with Mo Wu Tian.

With her network, and Mo Wu Tian’s cultivation and reputation, a large group of demonic Gu Masters soon gathered.

Adding in the details of the Gu Immortal’s treasure, the demonic merchant Li Xian, Fiery Star Bao Tong, Rock Lizard Li Qiang and others all gathered.

Mo Wu Tian returned to the fog, no longer alone, but with a demonic army amounting to thousands of people.

“They are finally here…” Bai Ning Bing sitting on the hill stood up slowly.

The fog could obscure people’s vision, but because of the land spirit’s help, Bai Ning Bing had a clear vision, and could see the demonic alliance army.

Mo Wu Tian observed for a while before saying: “Li Qiang, bring three hundred people and attack head-on. After a few dozen steps, you will face the steel armor dogs. Fight as you retreat, move towards the left and engage with the chrysanthemum akita dogs. Defeat them and you will charge towards the south-east direction.

“Hu Mei Er, bring five hundred people, and go left. As you fighting your way through, you will encounter lightning symbol dogs, hedgedogs and corpse dogs, do not mind the losses, just charge towards the north.”

“Bao Tong, go on the right path, bring eight hundred people. Towards the southwest direction, make a din and shout as you charge, no dogs will obstruct you for five hundred steps. After you encounter the lightning symbol dogs, fighting and charge with all you’ve got, if you cannot break through in forty-five minutes, retreat back here!”

“Li Xian, bring four hundred people as back-up, prepare for mobilization anytime, If I give no commands, take care of the returning troops.”

“Then what about you Mo Wu Tian?” Li Xian’s eyes shone with deep meaning as he asked.

“I will obviously stand guard at the base, why, you have a problem?” Mo Wu Tian looked at Li Xian lightly with his expression purple eyes.

Li Xian felt a chill in his spine.

“When did this Mo Wu Tian become so scary? His cultivation surged and his killing intent is overflowing, it seems he received an amazing ancient inheritance, if not, how could he improve so much? I had thought that little beast king could fight with him, but now it seems that he is truly the demonic path’s number one genius, he is simply too fearsome.”

Li Xian’s heart turn cold as he obeyed the command.

With such an arrangement, four demonic experts brought their troops and charged towards the fog according to Mo Wu Tian’s orders.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 392: Demonic and Righteous attacking together 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“It’s coming.” Bai Ning Bing’s gaze shone as her expression was nervous, quickly mobilizing the dog group.

The still dog army started moving, like a giant millstone. As for these Gu Masters, they became the green bean and yellow beans, in a short amount of time, they were grinded to paste. More than half were dead, some saw the danger and retreated immediately.

The demonic army suffered a huge lost, investing over a thousand men, but only a few hundred returned.

“Young master Wu Tian, did you really see clearly?” Li Qiang questioned: “I charged in according to your instructions. We did encounter the steel armor dog on the first wave, and we retreated towards the left, but we met with the assault of both lightning symbol dogs and chrysanthemum akita dogs. The numbers were too great, we can’t deal with that. After a fruitless slaughter, we could only come back!”

Bao Tong’s temper was even more irascible: “I brought eight hundred people, but did not hear the shouting sounds from the northwest side. But towards the southeast side, I heard people fighting. I brought my troops there and met with the combined attack of the lightning symbol dogs, hedgedogs and corpse dogs.”

Hu Mei Er’s expression was also ugly: “Young master Wu Tian, I listen to you and prepared to attack. But eight hundred steps in, I did not see any dog groups. Just when I was confused, dog groups came encircling us, luckily we managed to turn around and fight our way back, if not my life would’ve been lost there.”

Li Xian was expressionless, standing at one side. His group was meant to protect the returning Gu Masters, and fight the approaching dog groups.

Although there were lots of retreating troops, not a single dog came over, causing him to waste his time waiting.

Mo Wu Tian’s expression was solemn, after a while, he spoke: “I can see the actual scenario much more clearly than all of you. There is someone manipulating these dogs, it is not a fixed formation but an ever-changing one. That is why all of you failed.”

Everyone was shocked: “There is someone controlling them? Who is it?”

Mo Wu Tian shook his head: “The fog is too dense, I can only see a faint figure, I can’t tell the identity of the other party. But there is definitely a mastermind, only a human’s intelligence can react so perfectly. But no matter, I have some understanding of the enslavement path, from now you, you have to attack like this, to break through their encirclement and obtain the Gu Immortal treasure!”

Everyone’s face had blood stains as they looked at each other, nodding reluctantly due to Mo Wu Tian’s rank five strength as well as the allure of the immortal treasure.

But this time, they still returned in defeat, suffering even greater losses than before.

“The person behind this has high attainment in enslavement path, I underestimated him.” Mo Wu Tian frowned, he had thought of a perfect plan, using all four routes to cooperate, but the other party reacted quickly and found out his intentions. Purposely controlling his troops to intercept the four routes before they converged, such movements were at the level of a master.

“Mo Wu Tian, you have to give an explanation! We fight with our lives and lost so many people, but we have not even seen the shadow of the treasure. Are you standing here for fun? You are a rank five Gu Master, you should put in some effort too!” Bao Tong was furious as he screamed while gripping his injury.

“Oh? You want an explanation? Hehe, then I’ll give you a satisfactory answer.” Mo Wu Tian laughed sinisterly, as his purple eyes shone.

“You!” Bao Tong was caught by surprise as he stared at Mo Wu Tian, unable to move.

A moment later, he fell on the ground.

Dead.

The Gu Masters went into a commotion.

Fiery Star Bao Tong, he was a famous rank four fire path Gu Master. Mo Wu Tian did not even attack, he killed him with a single stare!

“You want an explanation, I gave you an explanation, are you satisfied? If you are unhappy, you can tell me.” Mo Wu Tian looked at his corpse as he waited for an answer.

“You’re not speaking, it seems you are satisfied.” Mo Wu Tian laughed, looking around: “Hehehe, Bao Tong is satisfied, what about you guys? Do you want an explanation from me too?”

It was complete silence all around.

Mo Wu Tian killed people in the blink of an eye, Bao Tong was rank four upper stage but he could not even take one hit, dying immediately.

The demonic Gu Masters were scared and shocked, regretting their greed, why did they follow Mo Wu Tian?

Now that they were roped in, they want to leave? Hmph, too late!

Hu Mei Er and the others lowered their heads, not looking at Mo Wu Tian’s eyes. Mo Wu Tian’s killing technique caused fear in them.

They had thought that he had just advanted to rank five, and might not have true rank five prowess, but to think his fighting strength was on par with Wu Gui and the others!

How old was he?

Number one genius of the demonic path, without a doubt!

After establishing his dominance, Mo Wu Tian laughed sinisterly again: “Bao Tong’s Gu are still around, you guys can split up among yourselves, treat it as a compensation from me.”

As he said so, the Gu Masters’ eyes glowed.

Li Xian was the first to react, with a swoosh, he moved like a rabbit, pouncing on Bao Tong’s corpse and taking his Gu.

Almost at the same time, Hu Mei Er and Li Qiang reacted and started their plunder as well.

The others could only watch, not daring to contest.

The three split Bao Tong’s fortune among themselves, earning greatly as the grudge in them dissipated, turning into reverence for Mo Wu Tian.

Mo Wu Tian could kill people with his gaze, that was not surprising, it was a sight-based killer move.

This type of killer move directly competed souls against each other, the loser would have their souls scattered, not even given the chance to self-detonate their Gu.

Mo Wu Tian was a soul path Gu Master, the strength of his soul was way above his peers, dealing with Bao Tong and the others was extremely easy.

” Cough, cough .” Li Xian coughed, saying: “Since there are beast groups guarding, that area has to be where the central control hall is, the Gu Immortal’s fortune is most likely there But how do we get in with all these dogs?”

He was wise like a ghost, as the person who obtained the most benefits out of Bao Tong’s body, he immediately expressed his support towards Mo Wu Tian.

Speaking of the Gu Immortal treasure, Hu Mei Er and Li Qiang’s attention were brought back to this.

Mo Wu Tian looked at this group of people, they were all injured and exhausted, together with some lingering fear, the morale was at an all-time low.

He sighed: “Truly a motley crew. It seems I can only recruit more people to have the hopes of breaking in. Spread the news, regardless of righteous or demonic… just say that Tie Mu Bai and the others have entered the hall and obtained King Quan Inheritance, those Gu Masters are blocking us outside the hall and are trying to hoard the treasure.”

“This…” Hu Mei Er hesitated.

Mo Wu Tian laughed coldly: “Time is running short, once the blessed land collapses, we will have nothing left. Without more people, can we break through?”

“Young master is right.” Hu Mei Er quickly replied.

“Finally stopped.” On the mountain slope, Bai Ning Bing breathed out a sigh of relief, but lightly frowned.

The methods Fang Yuan handed to her were already half used up. After a few more attacks, she would be at her wits’ end.

…

“Hahaha, my tactic at finding a chance in the chaos succeeded. After blowing up this wall, I will get King Bao, Wang Ba Dan’s inheritance!” Xiao Mang laughed loudly.

Right now, he was alone in a hidden cave.

Before him, there was a tall and sturdy stone door. As long as it is blown apart, King Bao’s final inheritance will be obtained.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Light shone as explosions went off.

A moment later, Xiao Mang stopped his attacks while panting, staring at the stone door hatefully.

The door was intact, there was no traces of any cracks.

“Light path focuses on speed and purification, the destructive power does not match fire path. King Bao evidently wants to find a fated person who can use fire type Gu to break through. But I do not have such Gu.” Xiao Mang gritted his teeth, feeling indignant.

At this moment, a Gu Master came to report.

“Go out, who let you in! King Bao Inheritance is mine alone. Eh? What did you say!”

Xiao Mang scolded but suddenly heard his subordinate’s report and grabbed his collar, lifting him up: “You say there is a Gu Immortal treasure hidden in the thick fog, and people are trying to take it down now?!”

“Yes, this information has circulated, countless Gu Masters are gathering, how would I dare to lie to you second young master?” The subordinate quickly replied.

“Hmph, don’t call me second young master! I hate that title!” Xiao Mang scolded, looking at this stone door reluctantly, as his gaze turned from hesitation to determination.

Wang Ba Dan was only a rank five Gu Master, although he was called King Bao, he was only the same rank as Xiao Mang. How could his inheritance compare to a Gu Immortal Treasure?

“Go, let’s go!” Xiao Mang led his subordinates and moved quickly.

…

“The number of people is increasing.” On the slope, Bai Ning Bing’s frown deepened as there were almost ten thousand people gathered outside the fog.

These people had differing cultivation levels, there were even rank one and twos. But there were still Gu Masters, gathered together, they formed a tidal wave that could sweep everything in its path.

Although she controlled a hundred thousand dogs, she was a sole person.

Outside, countless gazes looked inside with a burning desire. They were all attracted by the Immortal’s treasure.

As the people created a commotion, Mo Wu Tian smiled without speaking a word.

His motive was achieved, birds die for food and humans die for fortune , this was human heart!

“Over at the righteous path, they are organising people and charging into the fog.” Hu Mei Er looked far away, worried: “Young master Wu Tian, all the demonic Gu Masters are here already, are you going to stand up and direct them to form groups? We can’t let the righteous path steal the treasure.”

“No worries, no worries. There is such a thick fog, with steel armor dogs acting as steel walls, what can their vanguards do?” Mo Wu Tian laughed coldly, refusing to act.

Righteous path was superior to demonic path, they were more united,and more easy to unite, while demonic path members were loners. Although he Mo Wu Tian had rank five cultivation, he was still young and this was the first time he was leading, he could not subdue everyone. Old demonic experts like Kong Ri Tian and Li Fei Le would not listen to him easily.

Only when they realize that cooperating had benefits, could he use that chance to take over easily!

But now, in the hall, the Gu refinement had reached the crucial period.

After half a day, the golden peanut shell collided with divine travel Gu.

Bam bam bam!

Fang Yuan and Feng Wu Yu’s vision turned black as thunder roared in their ears.

“Divine opportunity is unlimited, travel through the lands! Activateeeeeeeeeee!”Fang Yuan screamed, using all his energy to activate divine travel Gu.

Divine travel Gu was an Immortal Gu, how could he, a mortal, activate it easily?

But thankfully, the land spirit helped him secretly, as the immortal essence poured out, the divine travel Gu turned into light speckles as it entered the golden peanut shell.

The qualitative change had begun!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 393: Group Attack 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Xiao Mang looked at the fog in front of him, his gaze deep and solemn.

He relied on his rank five cultivation to gain the commanding position of the righteous path. He organised many assaults, but returned in great failure, suffering a huge loss.

In the fog, countless dogs were hidden, causing every wave of Gu Masters that entered suffer great injuries.

“No matter how big the losses, it will not block my path! Immortal treasure, this is an immortal treasure…” Xiao Mang’s eyes shone with brilliance, shouting excitedly in his heart.

“Let’s go again, organise the next wave of people.” Xiao Mang instructed, but this time, little people joined in.

The painful lesson was right in front of them, despite the great benefits, these righteous Gu Masters started to hesitate, after all they only had one life.

“A bunch of cowards!” Xiao Mang saw them hesitate and scolded in his heart. Time was running short for him, other than this immortal treasure, he also had King Bao Inheritance to obtain.

“If we had an enslavement path Gu Master controlling beast groups, we could use them as cannon fodder, reducing our Gu Master casualties, and regain our morale!” Xiao Mang thought of this point.

In such a situation, the importance of an enslavement path Gu Master was evident.

“Where is Wu clan’s Wu Shen Tong? With his help, we would be able to break through the fog and reach the central hall!” Xiao Mang asked.

But the answer he got was disappointing.

Wu Shen Tong had gone missing, even Wu clansmen were trying to find him.

Xiao Mang looked at the demonic faction, and his heart shook: “Not only Wu Shen Tong, even the demonic path’s Wu Gui and Zhang San San are not around. Is the Gu Master controlling the dogs in the fog one of these three people?”

Xiao Mang continued guessing as he looked towards the grand hall. However, the fog obstructed his vision, causing him to feel even more irritated at the situation.

“This damn fog, it is so annoying! Too bad Wan Li Xiong Feng is not around, otherwise my clan’s divine wind will blow this fog away.” Wan clan’s Gu Master exclaimed.

“If my clan’s old clan leader is here, why would we fear these dogs?” Tie clan’s four old-timers snorted.

“Lord Xiao Mang, we are not making any progress, the demonic faction is looking at us like a joke. What do we do?” The righteous path’s famous healer Tao Zi came over and asked Xiao Mang.

“These demonic scoundrels!” Xiao Mang looked over at the demonic faction as the irritation in his heart intensified.

“It seems I have to make a move.” He snorted, as a brilliant light appeared in his eyes: “All of you, move back.”

Everyone heard this and retreated tens of steps away. At once, Xiao Mang’s surroundings were vacated, emphasizing his existence.

Xiao Mang stood on the spot, shutting his eyes as his mind entered his aperture, activating his purple crystal primeval essence. The ebb and flow of the primeval sea became greater.

After storing energy for a moment, Xiao Mang’s eyes opened, as his primeval sea has turned into a furious tsunami, large amounts of primeval essence entered three Gu worms.

Extreme light Gu!

My will Gu!

Bright spear Gu!

Killer move — My Glorious Spear!!

Xiao Mang’s body shone with a piercing white light, the intensity of the light was dense, expanding like a mound.

Xiao Mang’s body was bathed in light, he had an impressive appearance, like a descending holy spirit.

He raised a finger towards the fog.

Immediately, the light around him were manipulated, and shot out ferociously.

All of the white sunlight shot out at the same time, forming a 1.8m long and 0.6m thick spear of light.

Sixty percent of the purple crystal essence in his aperture were used up in this one attack.

The spear of light was powerful, penetrating the fog and landed on the mound at breakneck speed.

Bam!

A fierce explosion occurred.

The intense light caused everyone’s eyes to be shut tightly, as they took a step back subconsciously.

Even Mo Wu Tian’s eyes were squinting into a thin line.

The explosion caused the ground to rumble, as after the light, air current started to spread outwards.

The air currents turned into a strong wind, blowing in all directions causing many people to lose their footing.

Guh! Guh!

In the hall, Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu who were refining Gu were interrupted and both vomited a mouthful of blood.

Bai Ning Bing’s face was pale, her ears buzzing from the aftermath of the attack.

“This is the strength of a rank five Gu master? Luckily, such a killer move did not hit me directly. If it landed here, my defensive Gu would not even last for a second!”

Bai Ning Bing unavoidably felt great shock.

The killer move of a rank five Gu Master, it was not something the current her could block.

As the whiteness faded from her eyes, she could see that at the location where the light spear landed, thousands of dogs were vaporised. The mound had turned into a crater.

Bai Ning Bing drew in a breath of cold air, with such might, just a few more hits and the dog formation would be ruined.

Her confidence dropped again, but Fang Yuan had instructed her beforehand what she should do in the event she was hit with such a great move.

As Bai Ning Bing manipulated, large numbers of dogs hurried to the crater, as her defenses were raised once again.

” Gasp… so many dogs!” Xiao Mang’s heart was heavy, and the righteous and demonic Gu Masters gasped sharply too.

When there was a fog earlier, they could not see clearly, but now that the fog was gone, everyone’s vision was clear.

Over ninety thousand dogs, densely packed on the mound, forming an iron bucket defense.

“Lightning symbol dog, chrysanthemum akita dog, hedgedog, steel armor dog, Yin dog…” Some people counted, each dog group had over five thousand and more.

“So many dog kings!” Someone shouted.

No matter how many dogs there were, they could not hide the dog kings due to their disposition. Other than the chrysanthemum akita dogs who were unique, these dog kings were all seated, like a flame in the darkness, extremely eye-catching.

“These dogs and dog kings are not that much of a threat. But there are so many heavy tai, green hua, smoke song, light heng and star heng, these five great mountain dogs!” Some Gu Masters with good vision turned pale.

The outer defense was made up of lighting symbol dogs, chrysanthemum akita dogs, and other ordinary dogs, the inner circle of defense was made up of the five great mountain dogs.

As for the entrance of the hall, the final line of defense, there were several hundred hairy men.

The entire formation was tight and secure, yet not rigid, they all had mobility and flexibility.

“What an iron formation!” Mo Wu Tian’s purple eyes shone with light as he felt the situation getting more troublesome.

Even more people directed their gaze to the bronze hall.

The grand yet modest hall had inscriptions and intrinsic designs, giving off an ancient atmosphere.

“That is the bronze hall that contains the immortal treasure?”

“As long as we get past the dogs, we will reach the grand hall!”

“Immortal treasure… immortal treasure… I wonder what mindblowing riches awaits us?”

Everyone’s gaze were heated, the goal was in front of them, it made their greed overflow.

“Hehehe, it is time.” Mo Wu Tian looked around, sensing the change in the atmosphere.

Greed was like fire burning in everyone’s hearts. But the great dog army deterred them, everyone knew that with their own strength, they would never succeed.

This was the basis for cooperation!

“Lord Xiao Mang, let’s talk about cooperation.” Mo Wu Tian’s body was like a black smoke phantom, taking several steps and arriving before Xiao Mang.

Xiao Mang snorted, when he saw the overwhelming dog army, he thought of cooperation.

But he was afraid of getting rejected by Mo Wu Tian and also worried about his own reputation if he approached the demonic faction for cooperation as a righteous rank five cultivator.

Right now, Mo Wu Tian approached him personally, it was music to his ears.

“Hmph.” Xiao Mang snorted, his attitude was neither cold nor hot, as he made eye contact with Mo Wu Tian.

Mo Wu Tian immediately understood Xiao Mang’s intentions. He was extremely disdainful towards such hypocrisy, but he said: “Then in fifteen minutes, we will attack from the front and back together.

“Mm.” Xiao Mang nodded, turning around, no longer looking at him.

Mo Wu Tian sneered, walking back and telling his people: “I just approached Xiao Mang and agitated him, to have a competition with him. Next, we will split into two, attacking together from two sides. We will compete to see who gets to the bronze hall first, whether the righteous faction or us demonic faction wins!”

Xiao Mang announced at the other side: “Demonic scoundrels are greedy and unscrupulous, finding me to cooperate, obviously I rejected them. How can I work with these scum? Fifteen minutes later, they will attack, we will take the chance and attack as they endure some of the pressure for us. Hahaha…”

“Young master Wu Tian rules!””Defeat these righteous hypocrites!” Demonic Gu Masters were riled up as they shouted.

“Lord Xiao Mang is wise!””Let those demonic scoundrels attract the enemy for us!” The righteous Gu Masters were spirited.

“Kill!” Fifteen minutes later, the attack began.

Righteous and demonic were far away, attacking from two directions.

Bai Ning Bing was hidden at some place, relying on her shared vision with the land spirit, using its divine consciousness to scan the battlefield.

Tens of thousand of dogs barked and bared their paws as they charged ahead.

At once, blood flowed and broken limbs flew. All sorts of Gu worms competed, like the dance of fire and ice, lightning exploded and soil was overturned, green vines grew endlessly.

“Kill!” Yi Chong charged ahead, brave and fearless. His body was covered in blue fish scales, the wind blew his fiery red hair into the air.

All around him, there was a light blue spiral wave, together with the black fins that grew on his back, he seemed to have become a fearsome shark in the sea. None of the dogs could block him.

“Immortal treasure… if I can get it and succeed in my mission, I would definitely be able to change my surname to Shang when I return to the clan.” Yi Huo’s gaze was determined as he turned into the god of fire, attacking even more fiercely than Yi Chong, everywhere he went, there was blazing flames and crying dogs.

Kong Ri Tian laughed heartily, turning into a rain of petals.

Li Xian laughed coldly, while people were not noticing, he used his rank five Gu and concealed his body, secretly moving ahead.

“Let’s work together, with me healing there is no worry.” Tao Zi shouted as many Gu Masters gathered over.

People were moving and in this great battle, Yan Jun moved slowly and steadily, like a casual traveller.

A strong and brave dog king pounced at him, Yan Hun’s expression was unchanging as he turned into a hollow shadow. The dog king jumped over and went straight through the shadow.

The shadow flickered, turning back into Yan Jun’s flesh body.

The dog king behind him had engaged the Gu Masters behind already.

The Gu Masters displayed all their abilities, battling with the dog group. The scene was as chaotic as it could be, and Bai Ning Bing could barely cope facing such a huge number of opponents, starting to fluster.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 394: Success at long last! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Kill!!!”

“Charge!”

“Damn, why are there so many dogs!!”

Murderous yells, shouts, miserable howls, swearing and dog howls combined to form into a huge clamor that seemed to shake the world.

The battle had not even begun for five minutes; blood had formed into a river and there were corpses everywhere.

Bai Ning Bing hid at some secret place and used all her strength to mobile the dog groups. With the help of the land spirit, she was able to gradually stabilize the situation.

Lightning symbol dog, chrysanthemum akita dog and other common dog beasts suffered the most casualties. Gu Masters had charged halfway through the dog beasts and ran into the formation of the five great mountain dogs, having great casualties.

Heavy tai, green hua, smoke song, light heng and star heng; these five great dogs were very powerful and their circular formation was very reliable. They were like a huge dam that blocked these Gu Masters that were charging like a tide.

At this stage, both righteous and demonic factions suffered heavy casualties.

“Big brother, hold on!” Meng Tu grabbed Jiao Huang’s arm; Jiao Huang had suffered heavy injuries from where blood flowed out without stopping.

Jiao Huang borrowed Meng Tu’s strength to barely move along with the majority.

Right now, they could not retreat. They could not even stop to rest, if they left the troops, the dog beasts would submerge their tiny bodies.

“Brother, we have made a huge loss this time. We accepted Shang clan’s assignment to get Fang Zheng’s head. To think we would encounter an immortal treasure, sigh, we gave in to our desire for material benefits and thus fell into such desperate straits.” Jiao Huang heaved a sigh.

These two were rank three peak stage Gu Masters, famous assassin group of demonic path. They had even succeeded in assassinating rank four Gu Master Xiao Fu Lu.

They thought of joining Shang clan and thus were prepared to secretly handle Fang Yuan. But the whole way, they did not find any good opportunity.

After charging into the blessed land, they encountered an immortal treasure, and followed with the majority; the result, they sent themselves into danger.

In this chaotic battle, only rank five experts could move unhindered. Rank four peak stage could fight valiantly. Rank four upper stage had to move with the crowd.

Those rank one and two Gu Masters made up the most of the casualties. Rank three Gu Masters also had to rely on luck to survive.

But even so, Gu Masters still charged forward endlessly. The illusionary immortal treasure ignited their most crazed fanatical desires.

They were charging recklessly, all delusional about obtaining the immortal treasure and attaining success in life, becoming an expert.

Only for a certain group of people, at the time of their deaths, they calmed down and regretted endlessly.

Unfortunately, it was too late.

“These people have gone mad, forgetting their own life or death at the enticement of the immortal treasure.” Tie Ruo Nan slowed down her footsteps, she was shocked by the state of the battlefield!

Tie clan’s four old-timers were surrounding her in a protective formation.

“The way I see it, this probably has to do with that Mo Wu Tian.” The head of the Tie clan’s four old-timers suddenly said in a soft voice.

“You are saying…” Tie Ruo Nan’s gaze flashed.

Far away, Mo Wu Tian was moving forward in the lead, laughing crazily with his purple deep eyes flashing with dazzling light.

He was a soul path Gu Master and had secretly used his Gu to make everyone more fanatical.

“Demonic path members should all be put to death!” Tie Ruo Nan snorted, the killing intent in her heart surging up.

“Young master, Mo Wu Tian is a rank five expert, he is not someone we will be able to fight easily. We need to deal with urgent matters first, our objective is not him.” One of the Tie clan’s four old-timers persuaded.

Tie Ruo Nan pursed her lips and heavily nodded her head, her gaze firm as iron: “Right, the most important matter right now is still little beast king Fang Zheng!”

“Hahaha, I hadn’t thought the enslavement path Gu Master in the dark would only amount to this.” Mo Wu Tian laughed wildly, the fierce wind blowing in the battlefield blew his black hair and his demonic flames danced rampantly.

The united charge of righteous and demonic Gu Masters was going on much better than he expected.

Bai Ning Bing was after all a newbie, earlier, she had Fang Yuan’s formations and instructions to follow. But the current situation had become more complex with a lot more new changes, it was a lot more than she could take and this in turn were flaws that were clear to Gu Masters at the level of Mo Wu Tian.

Mo Wu Tian’s eyes flashed repeatedly with eerie light, at the same time as charging forward, he was doing multiple tasks. He constantly controlled his Gu to attack the dog beasts and also to influence people’s minds and create a fanatical atmosphere; at the same time, he was also using his Gu to scout the battlefield.

Enslavement path Gu Masters always had powerful offense and could battle many opponents with just the strength of one person.

But everything in this world was balanced. Enslavement path had a clear disadvantage, besides the huge consumption of resources they needed, their individual strength was weak and were easy to kill.

Mo Wu Tian was searching for Bai Ning Bing’s position, as long as he killed Bai Ning Bing, the dog beast formation would fall apart and a large majority of them would even scatter without a fight.

“Found you!” Mo Wu Tian’s gaze suddenly concentrated as he discovered the hiding place of Bai Ning Bing.

“Hehehe, give me your life.” He laughed and flung his sleeve, his figure turning into a ball of purple demonic fog.

The demonic fog moved through the battlefield at an astonishing speed and in just a few breaths’ time was only a thousand steps away from Bai Ning Bing.

“Not good!” Bai Ning Bing discovered the charging fog and her heart sank.

Mo Wu Tian was a rank five Gu Master while Bai Ning Bing was only at rank four, by just this she would be hard pressed to fight him, let alone now when she was doing multiple tasks and controlling the dog beasts.

“Fortunately, I also have my trump cards!” Bai Ning Bing was startled but not panicked as she willed, “Go bite him, Ba Huang.”

A hill sized enormous dog emperor heard the command and with one leap, flew over a hundred feet and smashed into Mo Wu Tian.

Woof!

Ba Huang barked loudly, its bark was like a bolt from the blue, suppressing the whole battlefield and turning it silent. Following the bark, the dog beasts flared up with high morale; the casualties among the Gu Masters became more intense.

Dog emperor!

Its physique was majestic with its whole body covered with yellow sleek fur. It had a head like that of a lion with thick mane around its neck that was dazzling like a sun.

This was an emperor among the beasts and was not something that could be looked down upon. Once it used the wild Gu on it, it could contend against rank five Gu Masters!

“Damn it.” Mo Wu Tian cursed when he was stopped by Ba Huang.

Bai Ning Bing let out a breath of relief, but right at this time, a dazzling silver light shot through the battlefield and appeared in front of her instantly.

“Hehehe. Demonic path junior, take a good look at me.” The silver light turned into a human figure, rank five righteous path expert Xiao Mang!

“Ying Ming!” Bai Ning Bing withstood the pressure and commanded in her mind, sending out the second dog emperor.

This second dog emperor was the size of a normal dog beast. There were gorgeous patterns on its snowy white skin like pink cherry blossoms.

Withstanding Xiao Mang’s intense pressure, the wild Gu on the dog emperor activated and created clouds below Ying Ming’s feet, allowing it to fly.

“Just a mere wild dog… eh, it is actually a dog emperor!” Xiao Mang scoffed but after few exchanges of lightning fast attacks and defending, he withdrew his contempt and fought cautiously.

Bai Ning Bing’s expression was gloomy.

Although the two rank five experts were blocked, this situation was only temporary.

Humans were the spirit of all living beings; human’s wisdom was superior to beasts. Sooner or later, Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang would understand the dog emperors’ trump cards and then could make their moves with ease, even bypassing them to directly kill Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing looked around the battlefield, the other Gu Masters were still in the middle of the battlefield fighting and charging forward; they were temporarily of no threat.

Bai Ning Bing let out a breath of relief and turned her gaze towards the bronze hall.

“There is not much time…” Her blue eyes narrowed, letting out a clear and cold radiance.

Inside the bronze hall, Fang Yuan took large mouthfuls of air, gasping heavily. Meanwhile, Feng Tian Yu was already lying on the ground, unconscious.

Blood flowed out of Fang Yuan’s seven orifices, but he did not care; a pair of bright eyes stared at front.

A Gu was letting out brilliant light as it floated it in the air.

It did not have a concrete shape; occasionally, it was like a colorful cloud and occasionally it was like a whirlpool of light.

“Success!” Fang Yuan was filled with joy, he had already succeeded in refining divine travel Gu.

Now only one step remained and he could obtain second aperture Gu!

“You succeeded, you really succeeded!” The land spirit appeared beside Fang Yuan. It was extremely weak but its eyes glowed with light, full of happiness at the success.

“You are worthy of being a future Gu Immortal, you could really refine divine travel Gu, amazing! It was indeed a correct choice to entrust this task to you. Now, the most difficult step has passed; it is smooth sailing ahead! Next, you need to use third watch Gu and it will be a success without the least bit of difficulty.”

The land spirit heaved a long sigh, its sigh full of emotions.

“Thousands of years of effort has finally succeeded today. The recipe indeed works, I am truly happy. But such a pity… that I can’t see the second aperture Gu in the end…”

After it finished speaking, the land spirit Ba Gui’s body gradually turned fainter and fainter till it completely disappeared.

It was dead.

The immortal essence in the bronze cauldron was almost finished with only a thin trace remaining.

The blessed land had already collapsed for the most part and was at the brink of extinction.

The aged Ba Gui had been helping Fang Yuan in refining Gu and also helping Bai Ning Bing to guard; it finally could not endure such pressure and completely withered away.

But compared to previous life where it had died a death of desperation under many Gu Masters’ attacks, it was much more blessed during this life and could even be said to have had a proper death.

Ba Gui’s death meant the immortal essence could not be used anymore.

However, Fang Yuan was not nervous.

For the next final step, the immortal essence could be replaced with large amounts of primeval stones.

Even if Ba Gui was alive, that trace of immortal essence in the bronze cauldron was required to support the operation of the blessed land and simply could not be used to refine Gu.

“The difficulty of this Immortal Gu refinement exceeds Spring Autumn Cicada. Just now, that huge shock to the main hall almost caused all the efforts to be a waste, and in case the Gu refinement had failed, with just my mortal body, I will definitely die from the backlash without even having time to activate Spring Autumn Cicada.”

“Moreover, this most crucial step had an extreme demand on mind and a mortal simply cannot endure it. Fortunately, I chose to enslave Feng Tian Yu just to be safe, otherwise this step could never have been completed.”

In his previous life, Fang Yuan was already a Gu Immortal when he refined Spring Autumn Cicada. Now this time, he was refining Immortal Gu with the qualifications of a mortal and he should not have had any chance of success.

However, first, the mysterious Gu Immortal had racked his brain and used up all his life to research and perfect this recipe.

Second, the recipe used the Immortal Gu divine travel which greatly reduced the absurd difficulty.

And finally, it was not done by Fang Yuan alone, he had the help of land spirit and also refinement path grandmaster Feng Tian Yu.

All these helped Fang Yuan to complete the most difficult and dangerous step.

“Next I have to use third watch Gu, this is much more simple. Right, I wonder how the situation outside is.” Fang Yuan calmed his mind and then started hearing the shouts and commotion outside the main hall.

“Fang Yuan, be careful. Someone broke through the dog formation, a rank four Gu Master is coming towards you!” Right at this time, Bai Ning Bing’s warning arrived.

“Hmm.” Fang Yuan’s expression was heavy as he slowly stood up.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 395: Bai Ning Bing? 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Currently, the land spirit was dead and Fang Yuan was unable to see the scene outside the hall. However, with his previous life memories, he could guess one or two things without looking at the situation.

“There are only two rank five experts in the blessed land; Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian, they will be held back by the two dog emperors for some time. There are a lot of rank four Gu Masters, but at this time, there is only one who can charge to this place. That is the young clan leader of Yan clan, Yan Jun. He obtained the ancient phantom path inheritance and is specialized in hiding and attacking. It should not be a problem for him to charge through the dog beast formation.”

Fang Yuan pondered, it was the truth as well.

Phantom path had once flourished in the ancient times; its concept was to be footloose and carefree, invincibility through dodging. As long as one could evade every attack, that was a form of ‘invincibility’.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, phantom path Yan Jun had shown great brilliance at the battle of Yi Tian mountain, challenging the demonic path Gu Masters and causing them to suffer severe losses. That was until Mo Wu Tian showed up and beat him into retreating.

“This blessed land doesn’t have strong defense! The central area is so important but there is only a bronze hall built there, although it can be used to store things, its defense is really thin; the whole thing is impressive looking but useless! If it was like the Hu Immortal blessed land with Dang Hun mountain as defense, it would simply be like a heavenly moat and even Gu Immortals would have a headache facing it. Even my own blessed land that had the structure of a blood sea was much better than this hall.” Fang Yuan inwardly felt resentment. He walked over to Feng Tian Yu and kicked him awake.

“Get up!” Fang Yuan said in a cold voice.

Feng Tian Yu had worked hard and made great contributions, if it were not for him bearing most of the pressure, Fang Yuan might not have succeeded in refining to this stage.

“Ugh, mas… master…” He woke up with bloodshot eyes, his hair was scraggy like weed and his face was pale-white; his body was swaying as he greeted Fang Yuan.

“Go out of the main hall and block the rank four phantom path Gu Master. Even if you have to sacrifice your life.” Fang Yuan ruthlessly commanded.

“Yes, subordinate will do his best!” Feng Tian Yu bit his lips and walked out.

His primeval essence was almost completely consumed and he did not have enough fighting strength left. Moreover, as a refinement path grandmaster, he was not specialized in intense battle. It was almost guaranteed that he would not return alive from this mission.

However, the current Fang Yuan still needed to continue with the final step, he did not have any other force remaining, thus he could only send Feng Tian Yu.

“Second aperture Gu is the top priority. Sacrificing a refinement path grandmaster for it is nothing much.” Fang Yuan sat down in a cross-legged position and looked at the continuously changing gorgeous light in the air.

At this step, second aperture Gu was already mostly completely and was interchanging between real and surreal, form and formless. It was unable to be moved and also could only exist for six hours.

After six hours, if the refinement has still not been carried out, the light would disappear and all the previous effort would be wasted.

“There is no turning back now, as long as I finish this final step, I will obtain second aperture Gu! It is just that…”

Fang Yuan subconsciously stroked his abdomen with a grave expression.

In the blessed land, time flew three times faster than the outside world; Spring Autumn Cicada was recovering extremely fast and bringing great pressure to the aperture.

Even though Fang Yuan’s aperture was rank four upper stage, it could not endure this pressure and there were indications of tiny cracks on the aperture surface.

Next, he would have to still use two third watch Gu, and with the effects overlaid, the time flow would be nine times faster.

At that time, could his aperture endure the pressure?

Fang Yuan was not someone who would recklessly take risks and had already meticulously planned before beginning the Gu refinement.

He had a huge chance of winning this gamble. As long as he got the second aperture and promptly left the blessed land, he would be able to have few months of respite.

He naturally had some backup plans at that time.

“Third watch Gu, go.” He calmed down his mind and gathered his concentration to begin the final step.

Under the effect of third watch Gu, that light ball immediately started changing rapidly, the light rays were dazzling and gave off a mysterious aura that was hard to describe in words.

“Divine travel Gu broadens the space and third watch Gu condenses the time. This is the using the laws of both space and time, this truly is the way of Gu passed down from the immemorial era…”

Genuine knowledge comes from practice and Fang Yuan gained some comprehension from this.

Time flew, the first third watch Gu’s effect was nearing its end. The light ball faintly solidified, giving off the shape of the final product.

The shouts from outside the main hall became louder, but whether it were Mo Wu Tian, Xiao Mang, or Yan Jun and so on, no one had yet to charge inside.

“Good, next it is the second third watch Gu…” Looking at the refinement finally about to succeed, even Fang Yuan started feeling excited.

However, right at this time!

Bai Ning Bing’s voice came: “Fang Yuan, be careful. Tie Ruo Nan has broken the defense line and is coming towards you!”

Fang Yuan’s expression changed.

At this moment, his whole attention was concentrated on the refinement and he could not pull out from it, how could he face the enemy? With Feng Tian Yu already being sent out, he did not have any defensive force.

What to do?

“Bai Ning Bing, what the hell are you doing! Are you still not going to come to guard me? I can’t move now, if I die, you will also die under the powers of poison vow Gu!” Fang Yuan transmitted his furious voice.

He was extremely helpless and could only call Bai Ning Bing over.

Without Bai Ning Bing to take control, the dog groups outside would definitely be a group of leaderless army and there would be huge chaos. And soon, the group of heroes could kill their way through.

However, Fang Yuan could not care about it!

Right now, he was like a fish on the chopping board, anyone could slaughter him with him not having even a bit of retaliation power. If someone did not protect him, he would be easily killed by Tie Ruo Nan.

Fortunately, the Gu refinement was already at its final stage and now only the second third watch Gu had to be used.

Fang Yuan only hoped for more time.

As long as he made every second count and finished the refinement, with the many rank four and rank five movement Gu on him, he could break out of the siege and escape alive.

As for Bai Ning Bing?

Hehe, she is suitable to block the incoming enemies, her use would be maximised. As for what her ending would be, it was not something Fang Yuan could consider at the moment.

Bam!

The hall’s great door was pushed open violently.

Tie Ruo Nan walked inside and saw the scene in the hall; she was first dazed before immediately reacting with both shock and happiness: “Little beast king, today is the day I shall take your head!”

She went in for the kill before she even finished speaking. With a wave of her hand, countless golden needles flew out.

“Bai Ning Bing!” The concentrated aura of death came pouncing on him and Fang Yuan could not help shouting again.

Whoosh!

Cold wind blew and ice started spreading, forming into an ice wall that blocked all the golden needles.

Next moment, Bai Ning Bing also appeared at the entrance of the main hall.

However, her state was clearly not good, she was covered in blood and injuries filled her body. The most severe injury was on her back, a cut that spread from her shoulder to her sacrum, it was so deep that even her bones could be seen.

There were bits of green leaves sticking on her clothes, her silver hair was scorched, and her whole left arm was purple, she was clearly poisoned.

“Quick, block her!” Fang Yuan shouted, “I only need a little time.”

“You still have the leisure to say such nonsense, just make the most of this time to refine the Gu!” Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth and cursed before starting to fight Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Ruo Nan laughed coldly, her golden needles flew like lightning with extremely terrifying offensive power.

Bai Ning Bing clenched her teeth, she had suffered heavy injuries and did not even have ten percent of her original strength; she soon fell into disadvantage.

Several moves later, Bai Ning Bing’s injuries intensified; her ankle sprained and her body wavered, Tie Ruo Nan keenly grabbed this chance to move in for a fierce attack.

Bai Ning Bing was again inflicted with heavy injuries and fell down to the ground.

“I shall kill you first!” An imprint that was on Tie Ruo Nan’s forehead flashed and turned into solid, forming a golden flying dagger that shot out fiercely.

Whoosh!

The golden flying dagger cut through the air towards Bai Ning Bing’s neck, but it missed by just a hairline gap and pierced into the bronze tile.

Bai Ning Bing rolled quickly and evaded the fatal attack, shouting: “How long do you still need?”

Fang Yuan’s heart was thumping loudly as he gritted his teeth and shouted: “Just a little bit, hold on even if you die!!”

“If I die, you won’t be able to live either…” Bai Ning Bing cursed but was interrupted by Tie Ruo Nan’s attack.

Tie Ruo Nan’s offense came in wave after wave, Bai Ning Bing was sent into retreat bit by bit and could only make dodging his priority, struggling in between the thin line of life and death.

Several more moves later, Bai Ning Bing gasped roughly: “I can’t continue! Fang Yuan, I am going to self-destruct!”

“Your aptitude has already returned to a hundred percent?” Fang Yuan was startled.

“What do you think!” Bai Ning Bing cursed.

Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, Bai Ning Bing changing back into northern dark soul ice physique was a definite thing. But he had not expected it to be this quick!

According to his calculation, despite the time flowing three times faster in the blessed land, it should have only have been after several more months.

Fang Yuan was in a critical juncture of the refinement process and was unable to distract his mind to consider too much.

The self-destruction of a ten extreme physique possessed extreme might and even rank five Gu Masters would have to take evasive actions.

Once Bai Ning Bing self-destructed, there would be an extreme change in the whole battle situation.

“Try to hold on, unless you can’t control it anymore, don’t…” Fang Yuan shouted. He was refining the Gu with his back facing the entrance and could not see the concrete situation of the fight between Tie Ruo Nan and Bai Ning Bing.

The response he received, however, was Bai Ning Bing’s deep sigh —

“It’s too late.”

The next moment, Fang Yuan felt the cold aura spread everywhere in the main hall and the temperature decreased rapidly.

Crack…

There were continuous sounds of ice forming.

“What Gu is this?” Tie Ruo Nan’s cry of surprise also reached Fang Yuan’s ears.

Fang Yuan turned his head with difficulty to look and saw the main hall already becoming a world of ice and snow. Bai Ning Bing was floating high up in the air, her whole body turning into ice crystal, similar to the situation when she had self-destructed back at Qing Mao mountain.

The cold wind blustered and glaciers rose, crushing towards Tie Ruo Nan with vast and majestic force.

Tie Ruo Nan had a fierce expression as she quickly retreated towards outside.

However, the door of the main hall was already condensed into ice, she was like a turtle trapped in a jar and was surrounded by the icy layers.

“Is this the legendary northern dark ice soul physique?” Tie Ruo Nan cried out in surprise. But it was already too late, she was sealed within the ice like an insect in an amber.

The ice, however, did not stop spreading and was spreading towards Fang Yuan.

“Bai Ning Bing? Bai Ning Bing!” Fang Yuan worriedly shouted, but there was no response from Bai Ning Bing.

Her body had almost become one with ice and her whole face had started turning indistinct. Her crystal like eyes no longer shone and had thoroughly dimmed.

“Damn it!” Fang Yuan’s brain was hurting from the anxiety, the ice had already reached his body, he could only use Yang Gu.

Yang Gu flew out and landed on Bai Ning Bing’s body, immediately Yang aura and the icy coldness formed into a whirlpool of primeval essence; the scene back at Qing Mao mountain many years ago appeared once again!

Ice stopped spreading but this distraction almost caused the Gu refinement to fail.

Fang Yuan’s heart thumped loudly in shock and he immediately concentrated all his attention without being concerned about the situation behind him.

Under his efforts and control, the light clouds finally condensed into second aperture Gu!

“Immortal Gu! I finally succeeded!!” Right now, Fang Yuan’s heart was exploding with joy.

All his efforts and all the risks he took had created a very satisfactory outcome!

Pew!

Right at this time, a sharp ice blade pierced through Fang Yuan’s heart, piercing from behind him and coming out of his chest.

Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk to needle-size and he looked behind with difficulty —

“Bai Ning Bing? You!”

“Fang Yuan, to think there would be a day where you fall into a trap!” Tie Ruo Nan slowly walked over, her gaze filled with hatred.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 396: Bai Ning Bing! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The bronze hall was deathly silent.

Time seemed to have frozen as the atmosphere became very heavy.

Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on the ground with the rank six second aperture Gu floating in front of him.

Immortal Gu refinement had succeeded, but Fang Yuan’s attention was not at this immortal Gu.

He turned his head with difficulty and gazed at Bai Ning Bing, his eyes revealing his deep doubts.

Bai Ning Bing who had already recovered his male body was holding an ice blade and was expressionlessly standing behind him.

Tie Ruo Nan slowly walked over and fixed her gaze at Fang Yuan, her expression showing both grief and joy: “Fang Yuan, you had never in your wildest imagination, expect this day to occur right?”

Fang Yuan seemed like he did not hear anything and kept on looking at Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Yuan. With the recovery of his male body, his height had increased, he was wearing a snow white robe, his silver hair was floating in the air and his eyes shone with deep coldness.

He was like a glacier, extremely cold.

“You didn’t expect it, right? That you would finally be defeated by me.” Bai Ning Bing indifferently smiled while looking at Fang Yuan, “Since my resurrection back on Qing Mao mountain, I had been pondering on how to recover my male body.”

“In the days spent with you, I was firmly controlled by you as a chess piece that could be moved at your will. You are not the strongest enemy in my life, but I have to admit that you are absolutely the most terrifying one.”

“Fang Yuan, you are someone with innate talent for scheming, and with your vicious methods, you are a very formidable person. But I, Bai Ning Bing, am also not an ordinary character, how could I become someone’s subordinate? Hmph! The more you controlled me and the more you exploited me, the more I thought of ways to escape, to make a comeback and counterattack!”

“But the Yang Gu was with you and you could cause it to self-destruct with just a thought. Thus, I did not act recklessly but racked my brains to think of countermeasures until one day, I got a superb inspiration and thought of a way.”

“Actually, the scene of you voluntarily hand over the Gu had already happened once on Qing Mao mountain. Hehe, right, that is to repeat the scene back on Qing Mao mountain. The time of my self-destruction will be the time you use the Yang Gu.”

“With this as the start, I began to plot secretly.” The corner of Bai Ning Bing’s lips slowly spread into a smile, “I would self-destruct, but it would naturally not be actual self-destruction since there was a chance you might not use Yang Gu. So, I chose…”

“Ice crystal Gu.” Fang Yuan’s expression was dim as water.

Back at Shang clan city, Bai Ning Bing chose ice path. Among the ice path, there were three transformation type Gu; frost demon Gu, snow fairy Gu and ice crystal Gu. Wei Yang had strongly recommended Bai Ning Bing to choose snow fairy Gu.

Snow fairy Gu was suitable for female Gu Masters while ice crystal Gu was suitable for males.

Bai Ning Bing, however, chose ice crystal Gu as a female which had caused Wei Yang to feel great regret.

“Hehe, you finally get it.” Bai Ning Bing laughed, “That’s right, I originally chose ice crystal Gu not because I was peeved but because snow fairy Gu changed the body to a snow fairy with clear appearance that could not be hidden. However, if I turn into ice crystal and use ice explosion Gu with it, it could form a majestic scene that is extremely similar to the self-destruction of northern dark ice soul physique. You have seen it just now, didn’t it deceive you?”

“Hmph, if I was not concentrating on refining Gu, I would definitely discover the peculiarity, how could you have succeeded so easily then?” Fang Yuan scoffed.

Bai Ning Bing, however, nodded her head with a serious expression: “Right. You are very meticulous, observing everything to the finest details. When I thought of this method, I also felt it would be strange and there would be a great chance of failure. In fact, there was a change in circumstances that made me almost give up this plan.”

The change Bai Ning Bing spoke of was none other than poison vow Gu.

” A great man knows when to yield and when not , my objective was to rely on the poison vow to accomplish my goal. So what if I would be used for some time?” Bai Ning Bing’s eyes turned vague as he recalled, “However, the developments after that made me realize that poison vow Gu was not reliable.”

“The poison vow between you and Shang Ya Zi, despite there being a very ingenious flaw, I felt that you were too confident. And I had also secretly investigated the contract with Bai clan, the rumors however were still leaked out, making me feel even more uncertain. One thing that I have learned about you is that you make the best preparations for everything, calculating even the worst outcomes. Thus, I could not help but consider this situation — what if you were not restricted by poison vow Gu, what would I do then?”

“I knew that if that was the case, I had already gotten into a desperate situation. I was restricted by the poison vow while you were not, I would become your chess piece which you could use or kill with no way for me to retaliate. Just relying on my own power, I would never be able to escape this predicament, but there was one person who could help me at Shang clan city.”

“Speaking of this person, I still need to thank you for the introduction.” Bai Ning Bing smiled mockingly.

He thought of the first meeting with Doctor Su Shou.

It was during the banquet organized by Shang Yan Fei. As thanks to Fang and Bai for escorting Shang Xin Ci to Shang clan city, Shang Yan Fei invited Doctor Su Shou to treat Fang Yuan’s disfigured face.

And to make Bai Ning Bing give up, Fang Yuan intentionally asked her to go together.

After Bai Ning Bing met Doctor Su Shou with her real appearance, Doctor Su Shou’s attitude immediately changed into extreme warmth and compassion.

Doctor Su Shou was one of the four great doctors of Southern Border and had a peculiarity of being attracted to appearance. She was extremely fond of handsome men and beautiful women, as long as their appearance was extraordinary, she would give treatment for free. If the appearance was ugly, she would loathe them and would not treat them even if they gave more money.

Bai Ning Bing asked her about the transformation of Yin and Yang, and with the reply he got, he was even more aware of how important the Yang Gu in Fang Yuan’s possession was.

But at the same time, Bai Ning Bing also got to know Doctor Su Shou. Before leaving, Doctor Su Shou had made a serious promise that no matter what problems he faced, he could go find her.

” Cough cough .” Fang Yuan coughed out a mouthful of blood, the ice blade had pierce through his heart, but with the help of healing Gu, he was able to hang on to life.

However, the chilly aura of the ice blade was slowing down the speed of his blood flow, and the numbness the cold brought was spreading to his whole body.

Right now, however, these injuries were minor details: “The person you are speaking, is it Doctor Su Shou?”

“Hehehe, you are Fang Yuan indeed, you are right.” Bai Ning Bing praised.

“That b*tch!” Fang Yuan cursed but also had new doubts, “But didn’t you guys only meet once? Wait… there was also the second time!”

Fang Yuan suddenly recalled something while talking.

At Shang clan city, Bai Ning Bing and Doctor Su Shou had met for a second time!

That time was when Bai Ning Bing lost to Yan Tu by just a little and suffered heavy injuries while also losing her vital Gu. She went to Doctor Su Shou’s place to receive treatment and to recuperate.

“Don’t tell me?!” Fang Yuan seemed to have thought of something and his gaze immediately turned to Bai Ning Bing as if it was the first time he was seeing this cold and handsome young man.

Bai Ning Bing smiled, his blue eyes shining eerily: “It seems you have guessed it. That’s right, I intentionally lost to Yan Tu. Losing a vital Gu is nothing, exchanging it for a chance to evade your suspicions, isn’t it a profitable transaction? At that time, I decided to gamble.”

Bai Ning Bing went to Doctor Su Shou’s place and relying just on his intuition, he decided to take a risk — he told the truth honestly to Doctor Su Shou.

Doctor Su Shou sympathized with his experience and did her best to free him from Fang Yuan’s demonic claws.

Bai Ning Bing asked her if there was a way to dispel poison vow.

Doctor Su Shou replied that she could not dispel poison vow, but there was a way which could get rid of poison vow’s binding.

She recalled from her memories: Once, when she was young and ignorant, she was deceived by her sect’s junior brother into using poison vow Gu to make an oath saying they would never abandon each other. Later, she used this method to get rid of the poison vow.

Bai Ning Bing asked: “What is it?”

Doctor Su Shou’s gaze turned grave and said —’To live, one must die.’

Once the poison vow activated, it would cause the death of the vow maker. Doctor Su Shou was a healing Gu Master and her solution was to intentionally let the poison vow activate and cause the Gu Master’s death, the poison would be removed and then revive the Gu Master.

“This method is a forceful removal. The absolute majority of healing Gu Masters cannot do it even if they thought of it. I am able to barely accomplish it because of the unique legacy from my teacher. But even so, this has a one-in-three chance of failure. If it fails, it will mean death. Think it through.” Doctor Su Shou gave a final warning.

Bai Ning Bing decided on the spot to use this method.

With Doctor Su Shou’s help, he got rid of the poison vow fortunately.

Without the poison vow’s binding, Bai Ning Bing got in touch with Tie clan and Tie Ruo Nan was able to learn the truth.

The truth that person in front of her was Fang Yuan and not Fang Zheng.

At the same time, she also understood the event that occured on Qing Mao mountain.

To deal with Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan launched a secret cooperation.

“We had used iron cabinet Gu and qi flow Gu around an area and planned to create the scene of the self-destruction. Unfortunately, you refused to rescue her. I could only gather a group and hurry to San Cha mountain to make new plans.” Tie Ruo Nan spoke.

The scene of Bai Ning Bing being trapped for so many days by Tie clan’s four old-timers looked like Tie clan’s reprisal because of Bai Ning Bing killing a Tie clan’s Gu Master in the inheritance, but in truth, it was all a scheme to deal with Fang Yuan.

However, Fang Yuan fought one against seven and slaughtered Tie Ruo Nan’s group which caused Tie Mu Bai to take the stage.

Tie Ruo Nan received Tie Mu Bai’s teachings, cultivating and patiently waiting for news from Bai Ning Bing. This was also the reason why she did not take the initiative to look for Fang Yuan although she had extreme hatred towards him.

However, Fang Yuan made an impressive move that shook everybody; he took control of the whole situation after entering three kings inheritance.

Tie Mu Bai’s death caused Bai Ning Bing to keep silent and conceal himself even deeper. Using Fang Yuan’s trust, he controlled the dog beasts.

With the death of the land spirit, he was unable to suppress the situation anymore and the pressure on him increased. However at the same time, he felt his whole body relaxed as he was free from the land spirit’s surveillance.

He was still not at ease though, thus he intentionally gave way for Yan Jun to probe Fang Yuan.

Sure enough like he expected, Feng Tian Yu was sent out, this proved the land spirit had truly died.

Bai Ning Bing was inwardly happy and again maneuvered the situation to make a way in for Tie Ruo Nan and Tie clan’s four old-timers.

The reason Tie Ruo Nan came to the main hall by herself was also because of this.

“Fang Yuan, I advise you to obediently surrender. Outside, my Tie clan’s enslavement path grandmaster Tie Bai Qi is controlling the dog beasts and obstructing the group of experts. Outside the main hall, there are Tie clan’s four old-timers who are using iron cabinet Gu and qi flow Gu to confine the space so that no one can infiltrate here. Surrendering is your only way out.”

Tie Ruo Nan walked over and held the second aperture Gu in her hand while pronouncing Fang Yuan’s fate.

Fang Yuan was silent.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 397: The battle has just begun 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“There are truly are uncountable geniuses in this world…” After being solemn for a while, Fang Yuan raised his head and sighed.

“Bai Ning Bing, what a Bai Ning Bing… hehehe, I underestimated you, and fell victim to your schemes. It was a beautiful victory, your plan was flawless, while I was careless and overconfident, only thinking about the Immortal Gu, allowing you to succeed, it was my mistake!”

“I’m flattered. The reason I could plot against you was due to the perfect time, place and opportunity. If I were the one who had to refine an Immortal Gu while scheming against both the righteous and demonic factions, I would definitely have done worse than you.” Bai Ning Bing answered seriously: “But now at this point, winner takes all and the loser loses everything, I hope you would stop your pointless struggle.”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan sneered: “The reason you have not killed me yet is because of the Immortal Gu, you want to know its effects and also the Immortal Gu recipe in my head.”

Now that the land spirit was dead, the blessed land was on the brink of destruction, there were loopholes everywhere and without the heavenly power to suppress them, Gu Masters could use their Gu freely.

That is to say, Fang Yuan just had to think about it, and all his Gu would self-detonate, Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan had no way to stop him.

“Tie Ruo Nan, Tie Mu Bai and the others died in my hands, you have to take this Immortal Gu back to redeem yourself, otherwise you will lose your young master position.” Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly.

Tie Ruo Nan was expressionless, answering frankly: “That’s right, Immortal Gu are unique, they are extremely important, when I bring it back it will be an unprecedented merit, I would receive the Tie clan Gu Immortals’ nurturing and reward. As for the recipe to refine Immortal Gu, right now only you know about it, if I can contribute it to the clan, I would immediately become Tie clan young clan leader.”

“When I ascend to the position of clan leader, I will be like Lord Tie Mu Bai, upholding justice and order. After all these things, I have learnt: To uphold justice, one needs to have great strength as well as a strong force! Only in this way can I repay Lord Tie Mu Bai’s teachings, and allow him to feel at peace in the afterlife.”

Saying so, Tie Ruo Nan thought about the Tie clansmen who died in Fang Yuan’s hands, her eyes turning red as she felt intense fury and hatred, and also the great satisfaction of getting her revenge.

She breathed in deeply, staring sharply at Fang Yuan: “As for you, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, I will not kill you. You were able to refine an Immortal Gu using a mortal body, such refinement talent is truly spectacular. As long as you surrender, I will send you into the Tie clan Demon Suppression Tower to undergo reform. In the future, when you turn over a new leaf, and leave the tower, you will work for Tie clan, and contribute to the righteous path, repaying for your sins, this is the best outcome.”

“Demon Suppression Tower…” Fang Yuan squinted: “You make it sound really nice! Hehehe, you want the Immortal Gu? Sure, let’s make a transaction.”

Fang Yuan talked about the details of the transaction as he focused on the movements outside the hall.

He was stalling for time.

In this situation, it may seem like a dead end but he still had one final resort.

Because of refining Gu, Fang Yuan’s mind is tired and he had little primeval essence left. His rank four all-out effort Gu was not refined yet, and many beast phantoms were used up in the Gu refinement process.

He could not force it now, Fang Yuan was not in the best condition, while Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan came prepared. Furthermore, there are the four Tie clan old-timers outside as well as Tie Bai Qi who manipulates dog groups.

Spring Autumn Cicada was indeed the best chance he had, but it carried an enormous risk, and carried the danger of dying. Unless he had no other options, Fang Yuan did not want to use it yet.

“My true opportunity lies in the experts waiting outside the hall. With just the dog group and Tie clan’s four old-timers, they cannot block them all forever. As long as they fight their way in here, the situation would be completely overturned.

Fate worked in mysterious ways, not long ago, Fang Yuan was using all his methods to block the experts outside, but now he could not wish more for them to fight their way into the hall.

…

“This accursed Tie clan, the mastermind is them all along!”

“TIe clan’s old clan leader Tie Mu Bai came personally, what attracted him? We should’ve guessed…”

“Tie clan is a super clan, but don’t think of devouring this alone, the immortal treasure belongs to all of us!”

In the intense battlefield, everyone was excited.

Looking at the bronze hall, many Gu Masters’ eyes were burning with passion.

The purple colored light barrier covered the entire bronze hall. Tie clan’s four old-timers were at all four directions, guarding it securely.

As for Tie Bai Qi, he was standing at the door of the hall, looking down at all the Gu Masters as he manipulated the dog group.

He was an old man, his head was full of white hair, and he had a third eye on his forehead, shining brightly. He was a rank five enslavement path Gu Master, a Tie clan elder, and was once Tie Mu Bai’s capable general. Under Tie Mu Bai’s orders, he came out of cultivation, coming to the faraway San Cha mountain.

Right now, Tie Bai Qi was smiling as he looked at the battlefield.

The dog group was under his command, unleashing several times the fighting strength they had compared to before. Tie Bai Qi did not mind the losses, blocking all the experts outside.

“This old fool is really irritating.” Mo Wu Tian’s hair was flying in the air as he breathed roughly.

Before him, dog emperor Ba Huang was bathed in blood, in a condition worse than Mo Wu Tian. But soon, the healing Gu on it worked, and under the milky-white colored light, it began to heal rapidly.

Mo Wu Tian tried to attack while there was a chance, but a group of green hua dogs charged in.

“This again!” Mo Wu Tian gritted his teeth, forced to kill this group of reinforcements.

While it had the chance, Ba Huang managed to heal most of its injuries and became revitalized again.

Compared to the time Bai Ning Bing sent out the dog emperor and did not have the energy to control it, Tie Bai Qi had a much easier time. He manipulated the entire battlefield, and controlled the situation, showing the strength of the enslavement path fully.

On the other hand, Xiao Mang was also receiving great attention from Tie Bai Qi.

“This won’t do, the immortal treasure is going to be taken by Tie clan!” Xiao Mang was anxious and hateful, but dog emperor Ying Ming was blocking his path, not allowing him to pass through.

“Bastard, you forced me!!” Xiao Mang growled, flying into the sky.

The sky already had one huge hole, tens of kilometers in diameter, as the outside showed the sky of the main world, full of clouds and was a bright sunny day.

Xiao Mang flew out of the hole, raising his hands.

Rank four, gather light Gu.

Large amounts of sunlight gathered on his palms, the light turned into a ball, flawless and huge; Xiao Mang was like an ant carrying a huge rice bowl.

Rank five, extreme light Gu.

The glorious light of the immemorial era, gathered into the ball, and caused a qualitative change, as the entire ball was infected with the glory of the immemorial times!

Rank five, river under the sun Gu.

The light ball exploded, turning into an overwhelming water of light, each drop was like a fragment of the sun, extremely bright and dazzling.

Killer move — Torrential Light Stream!  1

The river of light rolled and crashed as it poured down on the blessed land from the hole.

The light was blinding, and the waves were fierce, it turned the entire battlefield white, and everyone closed their eyes, unable to resist such a strong light.

“Oh no!” Tie Bai Qi tried to stop it, but the light river’s formation was already complete, he could only reduce its impact by a little.

The grand light river was like a waterfall, crashing on the purple barrier.

The barrier only lasted for a moment before shattering, as the four old-timers who sustained the barrier spurted out mouthfuls of blood, gravely injured.

The light river broke the barrier and was weakened, but it continued on its way into the bronze hall.

The hall was immediately broken through, and the waterfall swept towards Fang, Bai, and Tie.

Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils shrunk as they subconsciously tried to dodge.

Fang Yuan who was waiting for an opportunity, immediately reacted and activated his primeval essence.

Warp Gu!

He activated this rank five movement Gu.

This Gu was something he got from killing Chou Jiu the killer ghost doctor.

With a swoosh, Fang Yuan vanished on the spot.

The light river crashed on the floor, creating a huge hole that was about two meters deep.

Tie and Bai dodged in time, standing at the edge of the huge hole, extremely calm.

“He escaped indeed, hehehe. It seems he used warp Gu. I think this Gu came from killer ghost doctor.” Tie Ruo Nan analyzed.

“We’re letting him escape?” Bai Ning Bing looked at Tie Ruo Nan.

“You forgot about fixed star Gu? Don’t worry, even if he escapes to the end of the world, Tie clan’s four old-timers would be able to arrest him. Let me roam around for now and expend his primeval essence and energy. It saves us some trouble.” Tie Ruo Nan smiled lightly, her tone showing a confident attitude towards grasping the situation.

After so many trials and difficulties, she had grown up a lot.

Guh!

Intense pain assaulted him as Fang Yuan vomited a mouthful of blood, feeling extremely dizzy. A sense of disgust almost caused him to fall face flat on the ground, feeling like his intestines were all jumbled up.

Warp Gu was a space path Gu, tearing through space and transporting the Gu Master’s body. The strong effect carried an equally intense backlash.

Gu Masters who constantly use warp Gu would have their tendons entangled, their blood would flow backwards, and their joints would be dislocated. On the outside, the Gu Master would get uglier and uglier, no matter how nice he looked originally, he would turn hideous.

To use the warp Gu, one had to use other Gu worms to modify his own body. But to Fang Yuan, he no longer cared.

“Second aperture Gu will be kept safe by you guys for now. I will return this hatred a million fold in the future!” Fang Yuan quickly assessed his surroundings, realizing that although he was out of the hall, he was still a distance from the bronze hall.

Large numbers of dogs came attacking, and he quickly chose to retreat.

Although second aperture Gu was in Tie Ruo Nan’s hands, the control was still in Fang Yuan’s hands. He refined the second aperture Gu single-handedly, now with just a thought, this Gu would self-detonate.

Of course, unless left without a choice, Fang Yuan would not do something so stupid.

“This battle has just begun. Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan, just you wait. Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly.

To use second aperture Gu, immortal essence was needed, otherwise, an insane amount of primeval stones were needed to replace it.

To Fang Yuan, he could not keep this Gu into his aperture.

Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure was high enough, if he placed another Immortal Gu in, Fang Yuan’s aperture would explode.

If an Immortal Gu was outside the aperture, its aura would leak, and everyone would notice. If Fang Yuan took the Immortal Gu and ran, he would become everyone’s target, immediately being chased down by two rank five, more than ten rank four, and countless rank three and two Gu masters.

“Tie Ruo Nan has the Immortal Gu, she is definitely everyone’s attack target. Hehe, I’ll let you guys compete while I watch on the sidelines, becoming the final winner in the end!” Fang Yuan was resolved to retreat and recover his battle strength, before finding an opportunity to strike.

But heaven did not side with him, as quickly, many Gu Masters found out his movements and screamed.

“Who is it?”

“Little beast king, it seems he came out of the bronze hall!”

“Quick, quick, quick, block him! He must’ve gotten a portion of the treasure.”

The voices attracted people’s attention, as Fang Yuan’s surrounding Gu Masters quickly turned around and attacked him.

But the first who attacked were a small group of heavy tai dogs.

Not only was Fang Yuan obstructed by righteous and demonic Gu Masters, he was also specially “taken care of” by Tie Bai Qi.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“God damn it!” Fang Yuan cursed, waving his hand and summoning a golden dragon.

Golden dragon roared as it turned these heavy tai dogs into meat paste, paving a way for him to move.

“Little beast king, where do you think you’re going? Hand over the immortal treasure!” Yi Chong rushed towards Fang Yuan, as the waves came crashing.

Bone wings Gu!

Fang Yuan flapped his wings, avoiding the huge waves and flying into the sky.

“Little beast king, just stay here.” Yi Huo waved his hand and fire birds flew out towards Fang Yuan.

Golden aurora Gu.

Fang Yuan’s body was covered in a golden light as his speed increased, retreating quickly and leaving the fire birds behind.

“Oh?” This huge change attracted Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang’s attention.

Xiao Mang shot out a giant hand of light, like a huge elephant, flying swiftly towards Fang Yuan trying to capture him.

Fang Yuan turned at a sharp angle, narrowly avoid it.

But at this moment, there was a gentle sound near his ears.

This sound was like a lover’s whisper beside one’s ear, or like the voice of one’s loved ones, causing an unknowing person to feel deeply emotional and unable to focus.

“Mo Wu Tian’s gentle feelings Gu!” Fang Yuan quickly broke free of it after his shock, but his movement was slowed because of this, causing the giant light hand to catch up.

“Oh no!” It was too late to dodge, Fang Yuan could only use his Gu worms to fight back, using offense as defense.

Bam!

The sound of a loud explosion, and the light hand was dispersed, while Fang Yuan flew in the air like a kite with its strings cut, landing towards the ground.

The sound of the wind near his ears woke the unconscious Fang Yuan.

Sensing that he was falling, he quickly activated his Gu worm while shouting: “Tie Ruo Nan obtained a peerless Immortal Gu, she is refining it now!”

Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang’s attention were instantly diverted.

Immortal Gu!

Everyone went into a commotion as their enthusiasm surged, causing Tie Bai Qi’s pressure to intensify.

Fang Yuan caught his breath and quickly used Wu Gui’s movement Gu. Large numbers of dark clouds appeared as he hid within, making his escape.

But at this moment…

Swish swish swish swish!

In the air, four chains extended out of nowhere, swift as lightning and flexible like snakes, tying Fang Yuan’s four limbs.

Next, the chains tightened and coiled, spreading until Fang Yuan was tied up tightly, dragged into the void.

The next moment, Fang Yuan reappeared in the bronze hall.

Tie clan’s four old-timers were at the north, south, east, and west respectively, standing around him.

The were half kneeling on the ground, their right palms facing forward while their left hand gripped their right hand, activating their Gu worms together. On each of their right palms, a black steel chain was extending out.

Tie clan’s four old-timers’ killer move — Infinite Search and Lock!

…

At this moment, in central continent, Tian Ti mountain.

In Hu Immortal blessed land, on top of Hun Dang mountain, a competition that decided the blessed land’s owner was at its final moments.

“Fang Zheng, hang in there, victory is within reach!” Lord Sky Crane’s voice came from within Fang Zheng. Compared to the start, he sounded extremely tired and weak.

“Yes, just one opponent left…” Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, his body full of sweat as it swayed, hanging on with just his determination.

“I, the great Xiao Qi Xing, was surpassed by a nobody?” Xiao Qi Xing’s eyes were staring wide as he looked at Fang Zheng climb, at a height beyond him.

“Sigh, to think that it would end up like this.” Ying Sheng Ji sighed, letting go and falling down the mountain.

He was furthest from the peak, seeing Fang Zheng’s performance, he knew he had no chance of winning, thus giving up immediately.

Hu Immortal land spirit would not let him die of course, with a snap of her finger, Ying Sheng Ji was transported out of the blessed land.

Climb, continue to climb.

The skin on Fang Zheng’s arms and legs were torn, as blood flowed down.

The closer he was to the peak, the greater the vibration shocks on the soul. Fang Zheng was almost unable to think of anything, there was only the mountain peak left in his mind, as his entire potential was squeezed out, he was extremely tired, and this had greatly exceeded the limits of his body.

“This lad…” Feng Jin Huang was moved.

Fang Zheng was obviously exhausted beyond belief, yet he seemed to have some sort of limitless energy sustaining him.

“Mountain peak, mountain peak…” Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, with only one thought in his mind.

He climbed step by step, surpassing Feng Jin Huang and taking the lead!

At this moment, he was only less than a meter from the mountain peak.

Even the cute and tiny land spirit was standing at the edge of the cliff, looking down and watching the birth of her new owner.

Outside the blessed land, some Gu Masters who were watching started to sigh.

“Congrats to you He Feng Yang, this time your Immortal Crane Sect performed the best.”

“Hmph, if my rank six exquisite warp Gu was still around…”

“Or maybe star shuttle Gu, fixed immortal travel Gu, or one’s own movement Gu, the results would be different.”

The Gu Immortals had differing attitudes, some were congratulating while others were sighing in pity.

“We were lucky, just lucky!” He Feng Yang was modest but his tone could not conceal his joy.

But at this moment, a Gu Immortal sneered: “He Feng Yang, you are going to be disappointed. This Hu Immortal Inheritance belongs to us Spirit Affinity House.”

As the immortal spoke, a change occurred in the blessed land!

Feng Jin Huang shouted, and a beautiful pair of wings grew from her shoulders.

This pair of wings was extremely elegant and beautiful, all sorts of lights shone on it, it was dazzling and alluring, with just one flap, Feng Jin Huang ascended easily.

“What?”

“This is…”

“The legendary Immortal Gu — Dream Wings!”

Dream wings was a special Immortal Gu, it did not exist in the real world, but only appeared in dreams. Activating it did not require immortal essence, but the Gu Master’s spirit and soul instead.

Feng Jin Huang was only a mortal, activating the dream wings forcefully would cause severe damage to her soul, amnesia at best, becoming mentally retarded at worst.

But the proud her had never suffered defeat since her birth. She could not allow Fang Zheng to be the sole winner right before her eyes.

“Even if I have to pay the heaviest price, I have to attain victory!” Under Fang Zheng’s shocked expression, Feng Jin Huang flew up quickly, easily surpassing him and claiming the lead once again.

The dream wings were folded back as Feng Jin Huang stood at the side of the cliff, breathing heavily, she felt a strong dizziness from the depths of her soul, almost causing her to faint.

She reached her limits.

Forcefully activating an Immortal Gu, it was not easy for Feng Jin Huang to reach this step.

“I actually lost!” Fang Zheng stared with wide opened eyes, dejected and upset.

At this moment, Feng Jin Huang was so close to the peak, in fact, her arms were already at the edge of the peak, she was one step away!

“I, I am about… to win!”

At this moment, Feng Jin Huang forced herself to raise her head, using the last bit of strength she had.

Her eyes were glowing like amber, her beautiful appearance and her snow-white long neck, was shining like jade in the blessed land’s pink light.

 She was like a young phoenix, expanding its wings for the first time.

Brilliant and glorious!

At once, even Gu Immortals were dazed.

She bit her lips, placing her arms at the edge of the cliff. Next, she used her remaining strength to drag her body up as well.

At the end, she rolled onto the mountain peak.

She succeeded!

The sole winner of this competition, the new owner of the Hu Immortal blessed land!

…

Southern border, San Cha mountain, bronze hall.

Fang Yuan was tied up by the chains.

“Hehehe, Fang Yuan, we meet again.” Tie Ruo Nan stood before Fang Yuan, laughed heartily.

Bai Ning Bing sighed: “It is no use, Fang Yuan, I secretly planted the fixed star Gu in your left arm. With this Gu to locate you, the infinite search and lock can catch you no matter where you go, even if you escape to the edge of the world, we can still bring you back. You have lost, admit it.”

“What?” Fang Yuan lowered his head, seeing that there was a Gu on his left arm.

This Gu was a star fragment of the immemorial era, it was eight-sided and crystal clear, giving off starlight at times, causing Fang Yuan’s forearm to shine with a transparent eerie blue light.

“Bai Ning Bing!” Fang Yuan howled, struggling frantically, causing the chains to make a loud clank sound.

In his past life, Tie clan’s four old-timers used this killer move to capture Kong Ri Tian, to think that in this life, the same move would be used on him.

Before, when Bai Ning Bing was trapped by the four old-timers, Fang Yuan did not help her immediately, he was wary of this infinite search and lock.

Once he was locked on by this Gu, no matter where Fang Yuan escaped, the chains would extend from the void to capture him. But without the fixed star Gu, infinite search and lock would be like a headless chicken, not a threat at all.

“This fixed star Gu was given to me by the four old-timers personally, and I even spent a long time training to use it. Do you know when I planted it? Hehehe, it was when you injected yellow gold primeval essence to nurture my aperture. You had absolutely no idea huh?” Bai Ning Bing’s eyes were shining with cold mockery.

This move was truly nailing the problem at its roots, crushing Fang Yuan’s hopes of a reversal!

“Fixed star Gu… good, Bai Ning Bing, you are too good!” Fang Yuan stared at Bai Ning Bing, gritting his teeth.

Tie Ruo Nan continued to urge: “Fang Yuan, you have been locked on by infinite search and lock, you Gu worms have already been sealed and you cannot even use your primeval essence. You have no hope left, of course you can still will your Gu worms to self-detonate, but I would advise you not to do that. You are a smart person, you should know which option benefits you the most right?”

Fang Yuan lowered his head, silent.

Earlier, he had activated his Gu worms furiously, but infinite search and lock was famous for a reason, it was both a space path and seal path killer move. Even the rank five warp Gu was sealed, unable to be used.

“It has ended, Fang Yuan. Demon Suppression Tower is your final resting place. You will spend the rest of your life there.” Bai Ning Bing sighed, seeing his mortal enemy captured, he felt extremely complicated, feeling both joy and sorrow.

“Throughout these years, thank you for the excitement you have brought to my life. Because of your existence, it lightened up this lonely life of mine, and I became less lonely and bored. Next, I will have an even more exciting life, and you should be honored that you have been a part of it.” Saying so, Bai Ning Bing paid respects to Fang Yuan in an earnest and sincere expression.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 399: Spring Autumn Cicada 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan raised his head, looking at the sky beyond the bronze hall.

There was a huge hole in the blessed land’s sky, connecting to the outside world. From Fang Yuan’s angle, he could see the sun of southern border.

The sun was setting, it was near dusk.

“5:45pm, at this time, Feng Jin Huang should’ve just inherited Hu Immortal blessed land?” Fang Yuan thought.

In his previous life, he worked with demonic Gu Immortals, attacking Hu Immortal blessed land and taking over Dang Hun mountain. In the end he paid a huge price, killing Feng Jin Huang and narrowly surviving.

After Feng Jin Huang died, the righteous path grieved, writing the “Biography of Feng Jin Huang”. The biography listed all the things she achieved in life, and Feng Jin Huang had three great opportunities in life.

Her first encounter, was when she was three years old, when she was sleeping, she obtained the Immortal Gu dream wings in her dreams.

The second opportunity was Hu Immortal blessed land, on this day, at 5:30pm, she successfully ascended the mountain.

“Feng Jin Huang has the Immortal Gu dream wings, the Hu Immortal Inheritance is definitely hers to take. To not give her such a huge lead, I need the second aperture Gu. Unfortunately, my efforts were in vain!”

He sighed in his heart, but his dazed expression suddenly became resolute again.

He had a chance to reverse the situation, he had not lost yet!

That is because, he had Spring Autumn Cicada.

Infinite search and lock could seal rank five Gu, but it could not restrict rank six Immortal Gu!

Fang Yuan raised his head, taking a final look at Bai Ning Bing and the others. There was nothing to say, this time, there was hope if he succeeded, and nothing to say if he failed.

“How can he be so calm?” Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan and the others felt something amiss.

Bam!

Fang Yuan self-detonated!

At that moment, Spring Autumn Cicada burst out in two lights, green and orange, as a mystical and profound aura spread out.

All of Fang Yuan’s Gu worms, all his primeval essence, all his flesh and soul, all detonated.

Every use of the Spring Autumn Cicada was a great gamble.

Fang Yuan was at a dead end, he bet on everything he had!

After self-detonating, all the energy was injected into the Spring Autumn Cicada.

Spring Autumn Cicada turned into a brilliant dot, carrying Fang Yuan’s remaining will and tore through space, entering the most famous forbidden ground in this world — the river of time.

The Gu world had southern border, northern plains, western desert, eastern seas, and central continent. There was also one river of time, connecting past, present, and future, that was time itself.

Space and time were the basis that constructed the world.

Swish swish swish…

The river water in the river of time ebbed and flowed, crashing like waves.

Every drop of the water of time was pale white, but over a gazillion droplets of water crashed, intertwined, collided, and spun each time, giving off a brilliant light show.

In this desolate and plentiful river water, Spring Autumn Cicada was like a roaming traveller returning home, its wings flapped as it carried Fang Yuan’s consciousness and moved against the flow.

To Fang Yuan, this was the third time he used Spring Autumn Cicada.

The first time, he entered the river of time without any experience. The second time, he was forced to self-detonate, there was too little time.

This time, he was mentally prepared, and finally experienced the feeling of going against the tides.

This feeling was so mystical and incredible. Countless light shadows, like a movie playing in reverse, appeared in his consciousness.

It felt like a second passed, but it also felt like years had passed.

The dangerous waves came crashing each time, Spring Autumn Cicada quickly lost its stamina, and the energy from self-detonating was expended, it struggled and jumped into one of the droplets, vanishing.

Fang Yuan blinked, and the image before him had changed!

“Hold on, hold on, all can be negotiated. I can promise to tell you the true path, but you must ensure my safety. I have a poison vow Gu…”

Fang Yuan heard a familiar voice begging for his life, he looked down and saw Wang Xiao.

He was stunned, as his heart pounded, his expression changed as he revealed an unconcealed joy.

“Hahaha, I succeeded, I succeeded again, I won the bet, I managed to rebirth!” Fang Yuan spread his arms, laughing loudly.

Wang Xiao: “…”

Fang Yuan’s sudden performance caused him to feel shocked and suspicious.

“What rebirth? What succeeded? Is this guy mentally unsound? But honestly, there are lots of crazy demonic path Gu Masters. Damn it, I encountered such a maniac!”

Being stepped on by Fang Yuan, Wang Xiao who was lying on the ground thought about this and begged even louder.

“Hahaha…” Fang Yuan’s laughter continued, this feeling of escaping from a hopeless scenario and restarting once again was simply too good, he felt great!

He first inspected his aperture.

In the aperture, his vital Gu Spring Autumn Cicada was extremely weak once again, its lustrous body had turned into wilting autumn leaves.

Fang Yuan willed, and Spring Autumn Cicada hid its body, entering a deep sleep, regaining its strength through the river of time.

“This way, the threat Spring Autumn Cicada has been alleviated!” Fang Yuan laughed even louder, his eyes shining brightly.

He looked around again.

This was evidently still the blessed land, he was stepping on Wang Xiao, and there was a corpse beside him, it was Yun clan’s young clan leader Yun Luo Tian.

He was killed by Bai Ning Bing, and his corpse was sent over by expending immortal essence.

Thinking of Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan’s laughter stopped, unable to laugh anymore.

It was this guy, planning for so long and finally betrayed him, causing Fang Yuan to fail even though he succeeded in refining second aperture Gu, falling into deep despair. If not for Spring Autumn Cicada and his good luck, Fang Yuan would’ve completely lost. Regardless of death or captivity in Demon Suppression Tower, he would have no opportunities left in life.

Demonic path was like this, it was like walking on tightrope, one step was all it takes for destruction. Falling into the abyss, with no hopes of ever getting back up.

“I was simply too careless, thinking about Feng Jin Huang and wanting to refine an Immortal Gu, I ignored the true demon that was hiding near me! But this Bai Ning Bing’s acting was also convincing, planning for so many years, working so hard to numb my senses, and then giving me the final blow. Heh, I am still a mortal, I am not an invincible god.” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s mouth was bitter.

Fang Yuan was improving and growing ferociously, Bai Ning Bing was the same.

This was the harshness of reality, and also the beauty of fate.

In this world, everyone was a main character, but everyone was also a side character.

“Everyone has their own advantages, Bai Ning Bing has the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, Tie Ruo Nan has her Tie clan background, Feng Jin Huang gained an Immortal Gu in her dreams when she was three years old. As for me, I struggled for hundreds of years, cultivating bitterly until I refined the Spring Autumn Cicada.”

Fang Yuan thought about this, and his emotions surged again, he smiled brilliantly and recited: ”

Viewing thousands of mountains in deep crimson 

 Layers of trees dyed red 

 On the limpid blue water 

 Hundreds of barges race against currents 

Hawks spread their wings in the vast sky 

 Fish swim freely under deep water 

 All living things vie for freedom under the autumn sky 

Pondering over the immensity of the universe 

 I ask this boundless and misty earth 

 Who rules the fate of this world?”

If heavens had emotions it would grow old, the Great Dao is emotionless and impartial. Every living being has the chance to rise up, it depends on how one uses their opportunities, and how one fights!

In this world, no one is born to be a side character. And there is no one who is an eternal main character.

Living beings compete, the weak are eliminated.

Precisely because of the heroes competing in this world, facing off with their respective strengths and trump cards, can history be so immense and interesting, making the world such a mystical place.

Thinking so, the bitterness, hatred, shock, grieve and joy vanished in Fang Yuan like a trace of smoke.

His heart was clear, his demonic resolution shone deeply in his eyes.

He started to think calmly.

“So I rebirthed at this time. According to my previous life’s development, I grilled Wang Xiao regarding the path towards Wu mountain, but he did not tell me even after dying. I had no choice and had to kill him, using the beast strength placenta Gu to devour his and Yun Luo Tian’s apertures.”

Fang Yuan was solemn, his expression like ice, as he recalled in his mind what was about to happen.

“Next, I spent a lot of effort, exposing the Spring Autumn Cicada to convince the land spirit. Next, I killed killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu, Wu Shen Tong, and Zhang San San. I unexpectantly obtained a slavery Gu from Zhang San San, and was about to continue killing people when an accident occurred. I had no choice but to interfere and kill Long Qing Tian, but because of the jade sky Gu poison, I had no gains.”

“Next, I refined Gu, defended the hall, and got betrayed by Bai Ning Bing…”

Fang Yuan’s mind worked like lightning, almost instantly recalling the previous life as his eyes squinted into a line, subconsciously clenching his fists tightly.

“The situation is really perilous!” With his rebirth, Fang Yuan looked at the situation clear as day, his previous life’s carelessness became this life’s alertness.

Firstly, Bai Ning Bing already knows about the details regarding the refinement of the Immortal Gu.

She had secretly cooperated with Tie Ruo Nan, Tie clan had to be prepared long ago, that Tie Bai Qi might have already hidden himself in San Cha mountain, ready to strike at any moment.

The enemy is hidden while I am exposed, this is not good!

Next, during the last few days of refinement, Xiao Mang would arrive here. The unexpected Mo Wu Tian would also join in with his new rank five cultivation.

In his previous life, Fang Yuan killed several demonic heads causing the demonic faction to have no leader. Mo Wu Tian’s arrival easily overturned that as he gathered the demonic path’s strength using his rank five cultivation. It could be said that because of him, it hastened the outside experts’ attack on the hall.

The enemy is strong while I am weak, that is even worse!!

Lastly, the most severe point…

Fang Yuan raised his left arm.

In his previous life, he was kept in the dark, but now he knew: Bai Ning Bing had secretly planted the fixed star Gu on him, on this forearm. Once the Tie clan’s four old-timers used the infinite search and lock, he would have no way to escape, captured even if he ran to the edge of the world.

“Now that I think about it, Tie clan did not move earlier because first, I killed Tie Mu Bai, and that situation greatly exceeded their expectations. Secondly, they want to reap the benefits from others’ conflict, attaining the fruits of victory without loss. Thirdly, they are extremely vigilant. Although infinite search and lock can restrict rank five Gu worms, it could be resisted in other ways. What if they arrested me but did not find the Yang Gu? Thus because of this, they kept it as a final trump card.”

Fixed star Gu was secretly planted, Fang Yuan was now like a fish in the net, he could not escape. It was almost a hopeless situation.

(Author’s note: This book is the realization of my dream these six years. Thus it contained many things, and is different from other books. One point especially, that is Fang Yuan the main character, is able to fail. Demonic path was never about winning every battle, demons lose too. If I do not write out the failure, I would not be able to represent the true nature of “demonic”. Any risk has a price to pay, if one day, in the event Fang Yuan’s death would make the book more interesting, or even elevate it to another level, then I would write him to death, that is also the tragedy of the demonic path.)



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 400: Life is but a few hundred years, it is all a grand gamble! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Fixed star Gu, this is like a rope tied around my neck. Although I have methods to get rid of it, I need a lot of time to prepare. If I want to immediately get rid of the fixed star Gu, unless Bai Ning Bing took it back personally, otherwise, I can also chop off my left forearm…” Fang Yuan’s heart was burning with this urge.

Fixed star Gu was hiding in Fang Yuan’s forearm, once he discarded his forearm, Tie clan’s four old-timers would only be able to retrieve his broken limb.

If if he did that, Fang Yuan would lose a limb.

He would have to treat it in the future, making a broken limb grow back, creating something from nothing, it would spend a lot of effort.

Not mentioning how troublesome healing would be, the thing now was once he loses his left arm, it would be alerting his enemies. Tie clan and Bai Ning Bing would immediately realize that Fang Yuan knew what was going on, and would immediately start their attacks.

That way, the attackers of the main hall would also include Tie clan and Bai Ning Bing.

To Fang Yuan, such a situation was worse than the previous life.

“I cannot alert them prematurely! I was lucky to rebirth, compared to last time, my only advantage is that I know what is going to happen. I have to go with the flow, since Tie clan and Bai Ning Bing are still usable to me now. Once I lose my arm, not only would Tie clan be forced to go against me, the situation will also change, and derail from the tracks of my previous life, I would lose my rebirth advantage completely.”

But if he did not get rid of his arm, how would he get out of this situation, and counterattack under such dire circumstances?

Fang Yuan pondered, all sorts of people, incidents, cause and effect flickered in his mind.

Wang Xiao, Chou Jiu, Wu Shen Tong, Zhang San San, Long Qing Tian, Xiao Mang, Tie Ruo Nan, Bai Ning Bing, Mo Wu Tian, Yan Jun, Feng Tian Yu…

Slavery Gu, jade sky Gu poison, land spirit, bronze hall, immortal essence, fixed star Gu, second aperture Gu, undefeated hundred battles Gu…

Numerous choices give birth to unlimited possibilities. Infinite possibilities affect each other.

Fang Yuan’s mind worked rapidly, all sorts of inspiration and scenarios happened in his head like lighting a flint in the darkness.

What should he do to protect himself, while maintaining the biggest benefits?

He thought and thought, expending his mental energy, in just a little bit of time, his ears were buzzing.

“Wait!” Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s body shook.

“Maybe… take a step backwards, and the sea and sky becomes wider ? Should I consider this from a wider perspective?” An absurd thought appeared in this head.

“No way, if I do this, the risks are greater!” He shook his head, muttering as he denied this idea.

But this thought was rooted in his head, it continued to influence him.

“If I do this and manage to succeed, my gains will be overwhelming!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brilliantly.

But the next moment, he shook his head again: “If there is even an inch of calculation mistake in this plan, I will be completely finished, the consequences would be worse than falling into Tie Ruo Nan’s hands. The Spring Autumn Cicada has already been used, I cannot use rebirth again for a while…”

As he thought, Fang Yuan’s gaze became solemn and deep.

Suddenly, he laughed lightly: “To think that I, a great demonic leader in my time, am being so careful and worried now, afraid to execute my plans. As long as there is hope, I should be brave enough to do it. Only an overwhelming benefit can cause me to go forward relentlessly. Fortune and risks come together, why should I go slow and steady to build my foundation? I want to ascend to heaven in one step!”

“That’s right, this is the plan! Death without a proper burial if I fail, fly into the sky like a dragon if I succeed, and pave the way for my future plans. Hehehe, hahaha, life is but a few hundred years, it is all a grand gamble!”

“Little beast king, don’t be rash, we can talk this out. You want the path into Wu mountain, we can negotiate this, it can be discussed.” Wang Xiao underneath his feet begged.

Fang Yuan laughed at times, remained solemn at times, frowned at times, and went back to laughing happily at times. He scared this rank five Gu Master, the lord of Wu mountain, a great demonic expert to death.

In Wang Xiao’s heart, Fang Yuan was a maniac, a mentally ill person.

Demonic path is extreme, without a clan’s support, cultivation is difficult. At times they struggled at death’s door, they face great mental pressure. It is not uncommon for demonic Gu Masters to develop mental illnesses.

Especially when Fang Yuan talked to himself sometimes, or even made poems for himself, it intensified Wang Xiao’s worries.

Against a normal person, he had his ways to deal with them. But dealing with a madman, even a Gu Immortal has no confidence.

“Oh? You plan to tell me Wu mountain’s entrance?” Fang Yuan frowned, looking at Wang Xiao.

“Of course, but you have to let me off.” Wang Xiao saw a reaction from Fang Yuan and shouted anxiously.

“Hmph!” Fang Yuan’s gaze became sharp, pressing with his feet and with a crack, Wang Xiao’s head was smashed to bits.

Wang Xiao was a great expert, devious and cruel, cold and emotionless. To get him to say the correct entrance into Wu mountain, Zhang San San’s rank five slavery Gu was needed.

But in Fang Yuan’s new plan, Wang Xiao had been discarded, there is no need to waste time talking to him, thus he was directly killed.

A pity for Wang Xiao, the lord of Wu mountain yet he died so pathetically in Fang Yuan’s hands.

After killing Wang Xiao, Fang Yuan took his Gu and used beast strength placenta Gu, devouring his and Yun Luo Tian’s apertures.

“This way, beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude is eighty-three percent. In terms of immortal essence, we spent a little bit more than expected, slightly exceeding two portions. Ba Gui, you want me to stop?” Fang Yuan suddenly said.

Land spirit: “Eh? How did you know my thought?”

“Of course I know.” Fang Yuan snorted, leaking the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura: “Ba Gui, have a feel, what do you think this is?”

The land spirit was speechless!

“This, this is the aura of a rank six Immortal Gu! It seems… it seems to be the Spring Autumn Cicada… Spring Autumn Cicada is the seventh mysterious Gu in this world! You are a mere mortal, how can you possess such an Immortal Gu?”

In his past life, Fang Yuan spent a lot of time talking to Ba Gui, eventually failing to convince it, thus gambling and revealing his greatest trump card, convincing the land spirit.

This time, Fang Yuan revealed Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura from the start and went straight to the point: “Ba Gui, I will not lie to you, I am a future Gu Immortal, using the Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth myself into the past.”

“What?!” Land spirit was shocked beyond words, the information was too great, it could not accept it so readily.

Fang Yuan’s expression was arrogant: “I came back from the future, I know everything. Ba Gui, I am your next master, I succeeded in refining the second aperture Gu in my previous life…”

Fang Yuan spoke.

In his last life, he convinced the land spirit, but now, he had the knowledge of the future, as well as the experience of refining second aperture Gu as evidence, the land spirit was quickly convinced.

“Young man, you really are my future master? Listening to your words, it seems you really succeeded in refining second aperture Gu! Regardless of whether you are lying to me, I am exhilarated. Because this means the success of second aperture Gu has been raised by thirty percent!” Land spirit said happily.

“Enough trash talk, Ba Gui, I came from the future, I know the dangers that are lurking. First, I need to kill a person!”

…

A moment later, Long Qing Tian died by Fang Yuan’s hands.

In his last life, this Long Qing Tian went into a weakened land and used the jade sky Gu, poisoning the blessed land and forming a loophole, causing great damage to the blessed land, and also causing Fang Yuan a lot of trouble.

This time, Fang Yuan struck immediately after rebirth. Before Long Qing Tian entered that weakened area, he used the heavenly power to restrict him and easily killed him.

“Young man, I am starting to believe you. You killed a dangerous threat prematurely. Sigh, the three kings modified the blessed land, my control over this land is not strong anymore. You could sense this danger and have the Spring Autumn Cicada, you really came from the future…” Land spirit exclaimed.

Fang Yuan sighed, land spirit was old and dying, it was like a dying old man, it could not compare to a young land spirit.

For example, it could not even detect the fixed star Gu on Fang Yuan’s arm.

Fang Yuan did not waste time with the land spirit, he worked quickly, taking Long Qing Tian’s Gu worms and devoured his aperture.

In his previous life, because of the jade sky Gu poison, Fang Yuan could not take the battle loot after killing Long Qing Tian. But this time, he acted early and Long Qing Tian could not use his Gu, thus Fang Yuan had no restrictions.

After looting Long Qing Tian, Fang Yuan gained several useful things.

Other than the aperture, his greatest loot was jade sky Gu.

This Gu was like a dark green bamboo stem, palm-sized and hollow in the middle, it gave off a smooth texture when held in one’s hands, like a piece of jade.

Rank five jade sky Gu originated from the immemorial era, it was extremely rare now. It had an extremely strong poison and there was barely any ways to deal with it, it could easily poison a person to death, causing them to fade into a green light.

This Gu had great use, Fang Yuan kept it carefully.

“Bai Gui, quickly transfer me to this place.”

The next moment, Fang Yuan appeared in front of the demonic enslavement path master, Zhang San San.

Zhang San San had not even reacted before Fang Yuan attacked, ending his life.

Fang Yuan killed and plundered the aperture, it was the same thing again, causing the beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude to rise again.

Zhang San San was a rank four Gu Master, but had a rank five slavery Gu. Fang Yuan’s greatest motive for killing him was this Gu.

With another flash, Fang Yuan appeared in front of killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu.

“Eh? Little beast king! How did you…” Chou Jiu saw Fang Yuan and was taken aback, his expression extremely shocked.

Fang Yuan’s expression was plain as he used the rank five slavery Gu.

The slavery Gu exploded into a yellow light, landing on Chou Jiu.

Chou Jiu shouted: “F*ck! Rank five slavery Gu! You can kill me but not humiliate me , you want to enslave me, you are dreaming…”

He did not know that in the previous life, he begged Fang Yuan to use slavery Gu.

With the land spirit to suppress him, Chou Jiu could not use Gu worms, the slavery Gu was easily planted on him.

But to control a rank five Gu Master, it was not so easy, it was a contest of souls.

Chou Jiu resisted with all his strength, Fang Yuan’s soul trembled as he entered a stalemate.

Chou Jiu sneered, his forehead full of sweat: “Little beast king, you are too naive. For an enslavement path Gu master, the soul’s foundation is most important, the higher the better. It is not easy to control wild beasts, not to mention men. Man is the spirit of all beings, you want to control me who is a rank higher, it is wishful thinking, hehe… ahhh!”

Chou Jiu screamed in pain, as his smug laughter was terminated by Fang Yuan’s slap.

With this interference, the contest of souls tilted towards Fang Yuan’s advantage, as the yellow light merged into his body.

As long as it is fully merged, Chou Jiu would become Fang Yuan’s most loyal slave!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 401: Battle begins once more 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Chou Jiu was shocked, quickly concentrating his mind and pushing his soul, meditating resist this yellow light.

This yellow light was supported by Fang Yuan’s soul power, but he was young and had weaker foundations in his soul compared to this hundred year old monster Chou Jiu. To enslave Chou Jiu, it would not be an easy task.

But why would Fang Yuan not see this coming, he had his ways.

Piak piak piak, bam bam bam.

“Stop, you dare to hit me!”

“Kick my face again and I’ll fight it out with you…”

“F*cker, still kicking, I’ll kill you!!”

“Stop hitting , stop hitting me.”

“No, no more…”

Fang Yuan hit Chou Jiu until he rolled around, Chou Jiu could not use Gu worms but Fang Yuan had his strength path Gu worms available.

Comparing strength, Chou Jiu was not Fang Yuan’s match. Quickly, Chou Jiu’s face was bruised, and his distraction meant that the yellow light fused into his body more deeply.

“Hold on, I have to block it, once it fuses completely, I will be his slave, I will have no way out!” Chou Jiu squeezed into a ball as he allowed Fang Yuan to hit him, the strong sense of danger causing his hair to stand.

Just a tiny bit of light left, near his forehead unable to fuse properly.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly, suddenly saying: “Zeng Ah Niu, you don’t want revenge? Chen Jiu betrayed you and is living well with Shang Yan Fei.”

“You, how did you know?!” Chou Jiu was taken by surprise, the light quickly entering his body with this chance.

Chou Jiu’s expression instantly changed, kneeling before Fang Yuan.

“This subordinate greets master!”

Fang Yuan laughed heartily.

Success!

This rank five slavery Gu should be used on a rank five Gu Master to express its true worth.

Till now, Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang had not arrived yet. Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui, Ku Mo and Wu Lan Shan were all killed by Fang Yuan, the final choice was Wang Xiao the owner of Wu mountain and killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu.

But how could Wu mountain compare to the door of life and death? The door of life and death was a forbidden land on the same level as the river of time!

Enslaving Chou Jiu meant getting the clue to the door of life and death. Moreover, Chou Jiu is one of the four great doctors of southern border, his influence even spread to the righteous path, he was definitely better than Mo Wu Tian.

The only flaw was that enslaving Chou Jiu placed a great burden on Fang Yuan’s soul, it was a problem for his upcoming Immortal Gu refinement.

“Chou Jiu, back then did you use the poison vow Gu with Doctor Su Shou, swearing to love each other for eternity, never abandoning each other?” Fang Yuan looked at the killer ghost doctor, asking a question.

“There is indeed such a matter, but master, how did you know?” Chou Jiu kneeled on the ground and answered with a bruised face, feeling confused.

“Hmph, since you used the poison vow Gu, do you know how Doctor Su Shou lifted its restrictions?” Fang Yuan squinted his eyes.

“Poison vow Gu is mountain pledge sea oath Gu’s replacement, Chen Jiu does not have the ability to negate it. She took a great risk for that gigolo Shang Yan Fei, letting the poison vow kill her. Without a host, the poison vow’s strength vanished. She then used healing techniques to resurrect herself, getting free of the poison vow!”

Chou Jiu said this with a furious expression. He loved his senior sister greatly, but she betrayed him for a gigolo, even ignoring the dangers to her life and broke the poison vow.

Fang Yuan heard this and was even more furious than him, lifting his leg and kicking Chou Jiu away.

“You lying piece of shit!”

He remembered that in his previous life, Chou Jiu said this:

“We took an oath in front of the blessed land’s sea, to protect and stand by each other.”

“But who could have thought her heart had already changed and actually broke the oath we took at that time and injured me, defecting with that thief!”

What oath, it was the motherf*cking poison vow Gu!

This Chou Jiu only spoke of less important matters, making important information unclear and concealing himself. If he had said poison vow Gu back then, Fang Yuan reckons: He would not have been so unaware, not knowing that there was a person in Shang clan city that could break free from poison vow Gu, and thus he would’ve been careful of Bai Ning Bing.

“But I should’ve guessed it, when Chou Jiu talked about Shang Yan Fei’s appearance, he said that he was only slightly better looking. Saying such shameless words like it was natural, it was no surprise that he would not mention the Gu.”

Fang Yuan looked at Chou Jiu with contempt.

Saying he loved her, but used the poison vow Gu to restrict her, it showed how sinister and inferior his inner heart was. Such a person speaking with exaggerated truths was nothing strange.

Fang Yuan was also suspicious of how Bai Ning Bing broke free from the poison vow, even in his previous life Bai Ning Bing did not say the reason. Now Fang Yuan knew, it was Doctor Su Shou who helped her break free of it.

“Alright, let the past be past. Chou Jiu, go to King Xin Inheritance and get me undefeated hundred battles Gu.” Fang Yuan collected his thoughts and instructed.

“This subordinate will do all that he can!” Chou Jiu answered.

Chou Jiu was a healing Gu Master, he was not a refinement path master like Feng Tian Yu, it was impossible to ask him to assist Fang Yuan in refining second aperture Gu. But it was extremely easy for him to get the undefeated hundred battles Gu.

This is because the blessed land was weakening, not long later, Gu worms would be usable, Chou Jiu just needed to charge ahead and he would obtain undefeated hundred battles Gu.

At this point, Fang Yuan’s slaughter ended.

He returned to the hall and continue refining Gu.

Compared to his previous life, he saved a lot of time after rebirth. Without the Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure it was much easier.

Back then he only spent an hour a day, refining Gu like a maniac, forcing his own limits. But now he could sleep six hours, slowly and steadily, refining Gu with perfect sequence.

Days continued to pass, and the blessed land was getting weaker. But the immortal essence expenditure was much less than last time. Fang Yuan had his experience from the last time, he took less detours this time, many steps were completed in one try, and the land spirit was extremely amazed.

Three kings inheritance’s weird state attracted everyone’s attention.

As time went on, Che clan, Zuo clan moved out, and Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian also appeared on San Cha mountain.

Finally, October 24th came again.

“Master, this subordinate has succeeded!” Chou Jiu kneeled on the ground, holding up a Gu, handing it to Fang Yuan.

This Gu had a bland appearance, like a grey stone disc, it was none other than undefeated hundred battles Gu.

In his previous life, Feng Tian Yu who Fang Yuan enslaved obtained King Xin Inheritance and had several hundred hairy men as followers. Now, Chou Jiu was not a refinement path master, he broke through by force, only getting the undefeated hundred battles Gu, not a single hairy men followed him.

But the hairy men were good at Gu refinement, they could not battle. The hairy men’s line of defense was as good as nothing, Fang Yuan did not mind it.

After keeping undefeated hundred battles Gu, Fang Yuan gave instructions before sending Chou Jiu away. This process was done in the dark, Bai Ning Bing did not learn of it.

Fang Yuan returned to the bronze hall, and Bai Ning Bing had already arrived.

Behind her, there were a hundred thousand dog beasts, either resting or playing around.

Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “Bai Ning Bing, hand your Gu worms to the land spirit.”

“What?” Bai Ning Bing was shocked: “Aren’t I commanding these dogs?”

“The land spirit can use Gu worms, its manipulation is better than yours.” Fang Yuan explained.

Land spirit appeared, slightly worried: “Young man, I have to refine Gu with you while controlling the immortal essence, if I have to expend effort controlling the dogs, I might not have the energy to do so.”

Fang Yuan snickered, his expression extremely confident: “No worries, aren’t you confident of my actions? Among the enemies I have my pawn pieces too. There are sufficient primeval stones here for you to manipulate the dogs.”

“Is that so…” Ba Gui hesitated, but thinking of Fang Yuan’s secret identity, he agreed in the end.

“As for you Bai Ning Bing, come with me. When I refine Gu, I need a trustworthy person to defend me.” Fang Yuan patted Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder, showing a kind and affectionate smile.

Bai Ning Bing snorted, her gaze shining secretly, as she said in a flat tone: “Up to you, as long as you don’t die, whether the Gu refinement succeeds or not is none of my business.”

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing entered the hall together.

Fang Yuan sat down as Bai Ning Bing acted as his guardian.

Fang Yuan shut his eyes, not doing anything.

“What are you waiting for? There is not much time.” Bai Ning Bing endured for a while before breaking the silence.

“Ning Bing, stay calm, some things cannot be rushed.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly, no anxiety at all as he spoke plainly.

Bai Ning Bing snorted, not speaking, her eyes squinting, thinking in her heart:“What is this Fang Yuan thinking of? He took away my commanding rights, is he suspicious of me? No, he arranged for me to be in the hall, he still trusts me! I have to continue enduring.”

She thought of Tie Ruo Nan, feeling assured: “She is blocked by the dog groups outside now, without my assistance, she can only break through by force. Damn it, he did not let me control the dogs. Thankfully, we have a backup plan, Tie Bai Qi is already secretly on San Cha mountain.”

A moment later, Fang Yuan was calm and resting, not doing anything.

This time, even the land spirit came to urge Fang Yuan to refine the Gu.

But Fang Yuan rejected him, not doing anything.

Land spirit was anxious, its tone became slightly angry, but Fang Yuan used his rebirth identity to convince it.

At this time, on San Cha mountain peak.

Blue, red light pillars were thin and weak, still shining on the mountain peak. King Quan inheritance’s yellow pillar was gone.

The previous time, only red pillar was left, that was because Feng Tian Yu took King Xin Inheritance. But this time, Chou Jiu was not a refinement master, he could not break through the final round, thus two pillars were left.

“I wonder who took King Quan Inheritance!”

“Two left, us smallfry have no chance…”

“But it is really strange, none of the rank five Gu Masters in the inheritance came out, did something happen?”

“That’s right, King Quan Inheritance was inherited, but why did the others not come out?”

“They are being retained inside the blessed land. This blessed land is facing destruction, soon the door will open, allowing us to enter and exit at will.” A voice echoed.

“It is Lord Xiao Mang!” Someone cheered, recognising the person’s identity.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 402: All is within my control 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Extreme light Gu!

Heaven’s will Gu!

Empty fist Gu!

Killer move — Immemorial Light Fist!!

Xiao Mang stood at the peak of San Cha mountain and used his killer move, causing the sky to dim.

Light rays formed into a giant hill-sized fist and pierced through the blessed land’s barrier.

In an instant, the whole blessed land shook and an enormous hole formed forming a passage connecting the inside to the outside. Gu Masters could enter through it without any obstructions!

“Charge, everything in the blessed land is ours!”

“We need to hurry, or else we won’t be able to seize anything.”

“Unfortunately, the good stuff will be taken by those experts. It will be good if they leave just the soup for us.”

“How nice would it be If I can luckily obtain King Xin and King Bao Inheritance!”

It was a scene of chaos; countless people cheered while rushing into the blessed land, causing the pressure on the blessed to greatly increase.

“This is it, hehehe, a bunch of idiots!” Xiao Mang laughed coldly inwardly and stepped into the blessed land.

The bronze hall also recovered from the tremors.

Land spirit transmitted its voice to Fang Yuan: “So you were waiting for this tremor to pass, it was really dangerous! If it was during the Gu refinement process, it would have caused a huge disturbance and the consequences would be too terrible to imagine. You are truly a Gu Immortal who has been reborn.”

Fang Yuan smiled and transmitted a mental message: “I am not only a Gu Immortal, but also your future master. Ba Gui, you need to know I am the best candidate for refining the Immortal Gu. The more you cooperate with me, the higher our chance of refining the Immortal Gu. Now, I remember there will be two more tremors, we need to avoid them as much as possible. Alright, let’s begin the Gu refinement!”

Fang Yuan threw the false second aperture Gu into the cauldron.

With the land spirit’s cooperation, the bronze cauldron burned without any fire and the remaining bit of immortal essence started combusting!

Immortal essence combusted and formed into a blue smoke that gracefully rose and covered the false second aperture Gu.

The false Gu floated above the bronze cauldron and was turned into dazzling yellow light by this blue smoke.

Fang Yuan concentrated his attention in harmonizing the blue smoke and yellow light.

Previously, he refined the Gu together with Feng Tian Yu, now he was doing it alone and was thus slightly slower.

 …

Mo Wu Tian arrived at the edge of the dense fog by himself.

His deep and mysterious purple eyes were enchanting and wild. Through his purple eyes, the fog seemed to be invisible and the sea of dog beasts showed themselves in his sight.

“Such a tight defensive formation, one man alone cannot charge through it, it seems I will need to borrow strength!”

He resolutely turned around and after a while found Hu Mei Er.

“Ah! Young master Wu Tian, you have actually advanced to rank five!” Hu Mei Er was shocked at Mo Wu Tian’s cultivation progress.

Mo Wu Tian talked of the immortal treasure and was able to immediately incite the desire in Hu Mei Er who expressed her full support.

However, when they were on their way, they found that the news about the immortal treasure had already spread.

The two inquired about the details and learned the news was released by the killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu. Right now, he had already gathered a huge group of demonic Gu Masters and was heading towards the bronze hall.

Mo Wu Tian furrowed his brows. Most of the demonic path Gu Masters had already gone with Chou Jiu, and thus he was only able to gather a few people.

Moreover, talking of influence, he was no match for Chou Jiu.

Mo Wu Tian was after all a newcomer while Chou Jiu was an old veteran who had roamed around Southern Border for many years and was also one of the four great doctors. Most of the people would have favors to ask of him and he had some influence even in the righteous path.

With no choice, Mo Wu Tian could only join with Chou Jiu’s group.

“With little brother Mo Wu Tian’s help, these mere dog beasts are of no worry to us!” Chou Jiu welcomed Mo Wu Tian enthusiastically.

Mo Wu Tian’s brows furrowed deeply as he was used as a target board for Chou Jiu. But nevermind, if he endured this and helped out, they would be able to get to the main hall quicker.

The huge crowd of demonic Gu Masters looked majestic, but they did not immediately charge towards the main hall but instead remained there.

“Sir Chou Jiu, time doesn’t wait for anyone, why are we not charging in towards the hall?” Mo Wu Tian’s brows had furrowed into a knot as he urged.

Chou Jiu said with a chuckled: “More people means bigger strength, there are still many of our people that have not joined us. We need to absorb their strength to become even stronger. When we charge at that time, the pressure and danger each person faces will be much less.”

Mo Wu Tian urged again but Chou Jiu just chuckled and replied politely, not yielding the least bit.

Mo Wu Tian started to feel anxious, he tried several more times but Chou Jiu remained firm.

“This old fool does not know the value of time!” Mo Wu Tian repressed his anger and immediately contacted Hu Mei Er, Li Xian and others to agitate and incite everyone, making them even more impatient.

Chou Jiu had no way to deal with it since he could not directly go against everyone’s intent, and could only lead a group of demonic Gu Masters to arrive at the edge of the fog.

Mo Wu Tian observed for a while and again made the strategy to divide the crowd in three groups, and so on.

Chou Jiu, however, said it was not a good idea and that the fog was too dense to understand the actual situation. As a doctor, he had his morals as a healer, he could not bear to see everyone risking themselves and delivering themselves to death.

Mo Wu Tian stomped his feet in anger and went to contact everyone and incite them with the allure of the immortal treasure.

The demonic Gu Masters’ mood was agitated, Chou Jiu also took advantage of the situation to push the responsibility for this matter to Mo Wu Tian and chose the people who would charge forward. However, he put a condition that only those who were willing could go forward and they could not be forced.

The demonic crowd readily agreed and moved towards the three paths according to Mo Wu Tian’s arrangement.

“Not good, someone is attacking from outside!” When the refinement was going on, the land spirit’s voice suddenly arrived.

“No need to worry, I have already anticipated this situation, go take charge of the battle outside, I will stabilize the Gu refinement for the moment and wait for you to rotate with me.” Fang Yuan’s expression was calm.

The land spirit divided most of its concentration in commanding the dog beasts according to Fang Yuan’s instructions and beat back the demonic crowd just like in previous life.

Mo Wu Tian was unresigned and again formed the second assault group, but they still met with great losses and returned defeatedly.

Chou Jiu came forward at this moment: “Everyone knows my rule, I take one life for every life I save. Right now, I will treat everyone first and hope you all can fulfill the promise later.”

Finished speaking, he started healing everyone.

The demonic crowd was moved to tears. Chou Jiu’s influence increased rapidly and even more people left Mo Wu Tian to side with Chou Jiu.

Chou Jiu patted Mo Wu Tian’s shoulder and said in a kind voice: “Brother Wu Tian, do you see it now? I advised you earlier to not take the risk. Now, so many of our comrades have lost their lives, it makes me so sad.”

His voice was quite loud which caused Mo Wu Tian’s eye to twitch and his anger reached an extreme level.

“This old sinister fool! If I was successful in breaking through these beasts, it would be his contribution; and now that I failed, he is avoiding all the responsibility! Hmph, I did underestimate these beasts. I had thought the formation was a weak one, and had never thought that there was a Gu Master controlling them from behind. Such a fast adaptation speed and method, this person is definitely someone with deep attainment in enslavement path. Damn it, this is really hateful!”

Mo Wu Tian gritted his teeth but could do nothing.

In the previous life, he was able to use force and threat to make the demonic Gu Masters throw their lives. However, with rank five Chou Jiu here now, he was not able to be so unrestrained.

“Let’s wait. Righteous path Gu Masters will also soon gather together and we can discuss it with them. After all, we only have one life, in case we charge through and let the righteous path get the benefits, it would be really bad.” Chou Jiu spoke his plan.

“Lord killer ghost doctor is right.”

“Lord killer ghost doctor is indeed benevolent and cherishes the lives of us small characters.”

“Doctors have their healer morals, Lord killer ghost doctor is after all a senior of our demonic path…”

Mo Wu Tian gritted his teeth till they made cracking sounds, he really wished he could kill this old bastard.

Like this, the time was delayed for a good while until the righteous path Gu Masters gathered under the lead of Xiao Mang.

They charged through several times but also returned in defeat. Xiao Mang was getting anxious while thinking of the unopened King Bao Inheritance and again used his killer move.

Extreme light Gu!

My will Gu!

Bright spear Gu!

Killer move — My Glorious Spear!!

A 1.8m long and 0.6m thick spear of light landed on the mound.

An intense explosion occurred with shockwaves blowing away everything. After the dazzling light dispersed, the fog that covered the mound also dispersed.

The bronze hall and the majestic dog beasts were revealed before everyone’s eyes in their full glory.

Righteous and demonic crowd felt their hearts thumping in excitement but also turned cold at the scene. The immortal treasure was in front of them but how could they charge through such an enormous dog beast formation.

It could only be done if the righteous and demonic allied.

Those with experience all thought of this.

Xiao Mang looked at the demonic path’s direction and Mo Wu Tian also glanced at the righteous path.

It was clear they needed to ally, but they had to see which side would compromise first.

Time passed by minutes and seconds…

Chou Jiu calmly watched the dog beasts while Xiao Mang’s expression was solemn as he closed his eyes to recuperate. He was the young master of the grand Xiao clan, a famous figure among the righteous path, how could he lower his head towards the demonic path first? If words spread later, his reputation would have a great hit.

“The second tremor has gone, Ba Gui, my secret chess piece has showed its use and for a short time, they won’t attack. Let’s continue the refinement!” Fang Yuan summoned the land spirit.

While the righteous and demonic path were in a stalemate, Fang Yuan once again resumed the refinement.

At this moment, the blue smoke and the yellow light had finally blended with each other.

The blue smoke turned into beads of grass that floated in the air and started growing. The yellow light turned into flowers that fluttered and fell into the grass.

Fang Yuan took out a dagger and cut his artery, bleeding out his own essence blood.

Large amounts of essence blood infused into smoke. The blue smoke and yellow light immediately let out sizzling sounds and turned into a red cloud, like a wave of blood sea.

The blood surged and turned into a sphere that floated in the air without spreading.

After a round of evolution, the smoke sphere settled down and formed a field with abundant red wheat growing in it.

Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air when he saw this.

He had lost a lot of blood which caused his face to pale. He immediately used a Gu to heal his wound.

“Wild grass grow wildly, the qi of blood like the sea. Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn…” He took out a lifespan Gu.

This was a three hundred years lifespan Gu which looked like roots with rough texture, like a snake that was coiled into a circle.

Fang Yuan threw it into the smoke in blood field, the cloud of smoke immediate started raging like boiling water.

In previous life, this strange change had nearly caused Fang Yuan to fail. Now, however, Fang Yuan had was mentally prepared and easily controlled the situation. Under his control, the cloud of smoke gradually settled down.

However, right at this time, the land spirit suddenly warned: “Not good, those Gu Masters have started attacking together! There might not be time to refine Gu.”

“No need to worry, everything is under my control.” Fang Yuan coldly smiled and took out the second lifespan Gu.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 403: Bai Ning Bing, have you acted enough? 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Killlllll…”

“Charge through!”

“Kill these goddamn dogs!”

Shouting, screaming, shrieking, cursing, dog barking, all these sounds merged into one, causing the ground to tremble.

The attack had just begun for ten minutes, but the mound was already overflowing with blood and corpses.

“Sir Chou Jiu, we are slow, with this kind of pace, when will we ever get into the bronze hall!” Mo Wu Tian urged.

Chou Jiu snickered: “The dog groups are huge, is it that easy to get through? It is better that we are slow, the righteous path will take on more pressure for us, we can benefit from the chaos better.”

Chou Jiu was already Fang Yuan’s slave, his greatest wish is to continue stalling for time.

Earlier, the righteous and demonic factions were at a stalemate, but this Mo Wu Tian had to ruin it by finding Xiao Mang to cooperate. Chou Jiu could not stop him, he could only go with the flow.

After starting the assault, he tried his best to slow them down.

They had planned to attack from two directions, but because of killer ghost doctor’s manipulation, it caused the righteous faction to be further in the advancement, thus taking more hits. Meanwhile, the demonic path had less losses, but the assault’s momentum was slowly, they were in danger of being surrounded.

“Chou Jiu, what are you thinking of! You are too muddled, we have to charge with vigor, how can we move so slowly? You are old and confused, can’t you see? Our group is already in deep trouble, once our movement stops, we will be surrounded, we will be in greater danger than the righteous path!” Mo Wu Tian was stomping his feet in anger, shouting.

Chou Jiu stared with his eyes wide open, shouting back: “Mo Wu Tian, you junior, why are you screaming for nothing, what do you know? Doing it your way, how many people did we lose earlier! Later when we compete with the righteous faction for the immortal treasure, they will be our enemy, we have to weaken them!”

Saying so, Chou Jiu’s tone changed, consoling softly: “Oh young man, it is not wise to charge ahead recklessly.”

Because of what happened earlier, the majority of the demonic Gu Masters supported Chou Jiu and objected to Mo Wu Tian.

Mo Wu Tian’s heart was furious, as he raised his head and screamed: “Old fool Chou Jiu, we have different opinions! You all can wait here and die, I am going to get my immortal treasure!”

Saying so, he moved ahead and charged towards the bronze hall.

Hu Mei Er, Li Xian and the others felt that Mo Wu Tian was right, they wanted to go ahead but their strength was insufficient, they could only go with the crowd.

“Youngsters are so rash.” Chou Jiu sighed, then laughed: “Look, after being psyched by me, he is taking on the pressure for us. We will steadily move ahead, using the road that he paved for us, perfect!”

Everyone laughed, praising Chou Jiu’s brilliance.

Countless dogs formed into a wave, as thousands of Gu Masters resisted them.

Blood flowed and broken limbs flew. All sorts of Gu worms competed, like the dance of fire and ice, lightning exploded and soil was overturned, green vines grew endlessly.

Yi Chong’s body was covered in blue fish scales, black fins growing on his back with a light blue spiral wave around him. He seemed to have become a fearsome shark in the sea, charging ahead fearlessly.

Yi Huo turned into the god of fire, charging ahead as he slaughtered, everywhere he went, there was blazing flames and crying dogs.

Yan Jun used the phantom path Gu worm, turning into a hollow shadow as he evaded attacks again and again, safe and sound.

Li Xian used his rank five Gu and concealed his body while people were not noticing.

Kong Ri Tian turning into a rain of petals, floating in the sky.

The experts displayed all their abilities, getting close to the bronze hall. Among them, two were at the frontlines, and were the most prominent.

It was none other than Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian.

But good times did not last, Ba Huang and Ying Ming, the two dog emperors appeared, blocking their advancement like last time.

“It is time.” At the frontlines, Tie Ruo Nan was bathed in blood as she stopped her footsteps, resting as she breathed heavily.

Tie clan’s four old-timers were guarding by her side, other than that, there was Tie Bai Qi.

“We are a few thousand steps from the bronze hall, there are many dogs here, it is up to you, Lord Tie Bai Qi.” Tie Ruo Nan said.

“Hehehe, I have been watching the whole time, my hands are itching already!” Tie Bai Qi took off his hat, showing off the third eye on his forehead.

Pew!

He activated his Gu worm, pushing the space before him with both hands, forming a black hole.

The black hole continued to spin, as numerous white apes jumped out.

The white ape army gushed out, forming into a strong formation as it charged towards the bronze hall.

“Young master, go ahead. I will block them here.” TIe Bai Qi’s tone was confident and powerful.

“We’ll be counting on you, the Immortal Gu is most important, for the clan, we have to arrest Fang Yuan alive!” Tie Ruo Nan gritted her teeth, waving her hand and bringing the Tie clan four old-timers and starting their invasion.

With the white ape army to cover for them and sacrifice, Tie Ruo Nan successfully made it into the hall.

Fang Yuan was still refining Gu, he could not do anything else!

Land spirit wanted to strike, but Fang Yuan stopped it: “Ba Gui, don’t force yourself! You have to control the dog groups while manipulating the immortal essence to assist me in refining Gu, how can you be further distracted? Bai Ning Bing, it will be up to you now, go block her!”

Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, squinting her eyes as he blocked Tie Ruo Nan, engaging in fierce combat.

In the space before Fang Yuan, cloud smoke was moving violently.

In his previous life, he had already used third watch Gu by this time. But now, without Feng Tian Yu’s help, Fang Yuan’s progress was extremely slow, he had just thrown in the five hundred year lifespan Gu.

Without the refinement master Feng Tian Yu, Fang Yuan felt difficulty controlling the cloud smoke.

The cloud smoke reacted violently, causing Fang Yuan to almost fail several times, but he managed to salvage it every time.

Behind him, as Tie and Bai fought, Tie clan’s four old-timers joined in.

Bai Ning Bing could not rival them, as she fell into a disadvantage, shouting: “Fang Zheng, I can’t hold them back anymore, how long more do you need!”

The cloud smoke had finally absorbed the lifespan Gu, turning into the blood fields, golden wheat, filled with crops. It was the ‘five hundred years as autumn’ scene.

Fang Yuan’s voice was nervous: “Hang in there, I need a lot of time!”

“If I die, you will not live too…” Bai Ning Bing cursed continuously.

Several moves later, Bai Ning Bing gasped roughly: “I can’t continue! Fang Yuan, I am going to self-destruct!”

“Your aptitude has already returned to a hundred percent?” Fang Yuan was startled.

“What do you think!” Bai Ning Bing cursed.

The cloud smoke was slowly maturing, dissipating. From a water tank’s size, it shrunk to a basin’s size.

“Try to hold on, unless you can’t control it anymore, don’t…” Fang Yuan shouted.

“It is too late.” Bai Ning Bing sighed deeply.

Crack crack…

Frost quickly gathered, as the cold aura spread everywhere in the main hall and the temperature decrease rapidly.

“What Gu is this?” Tie Ruo Nan’s cry of surprise also reached Fang Yuan’s ears.

Fang Yuan turned his head with difficulty to look and saw the main hall already becoming a world of ice and snow. Bai Ning Bing was floating high up in the air, her whole body turning into ice crystal, similar to the situation when she had self-destructed back at Qing Mao mountain.

The cold wind blustered and glacier rose, crushing towards Tie Ruo Nan with vast and majestic force.

“Is this the legendary Northern Dark Ice Soul physique?” Tie Ruo Nan cried out in surprise. But it was already too late, she was sealed within the ice like an insect in an amber.

The ice continued spreading towards Fang Yuan.

“Bai Ning Bing? Bai Ning Bing!” Fang Yuan worriedly shouted, but there was no response from Bai Ning Bing.

Her body had almost become one with ice and her whole face had started turning indistinct. Her crystal like eyes no longer shone and had thoroughly dimmed.

“Damn it!” Fang Yuan cursed, standing up and sending the Yang Gu towards Bai Ning Bing.

But halfway, the Yang Gu made a u-turn, and returned to Fang Yuan’s right hand.

At the same time, the cloud smoke turned into a Gu worm, landing on Fang Yuan’s left hand.

This Gu was like a peanut shell, golden and dazzling, the markings on the surface resembles bright red blood traces.

Earlier, the fake second aperture Gu could only live for a week, and was not stable. But this new Gu could survive for forty years!

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed, using liquid metal Gu and blocking the frost.

Then he said to Bai Ning Bing: “Bai Ning Bing, have you acted enough?”

The frost came to a stop.

Fang Yuan laughed again, saying: “Did you have a good time cooperating with Tie clan?”

This time, Bai Ning Bing could not longer act, she turned back into flesh body and stared at Fang Yuan with a shocked and solemn suspicion: “How did you!”

“In Shang clan city, you purposely lost to Yan Tu, getting Doctor Su Shou’s help to remove the poison vow, and then secretly contacted Tie Ruo Nan. On San Cha mountain, you plotted together with the four old-timers… all these, did you think I was ignorant?” Fang Yuan played with the two Gu in his hands as he said.

Bai Ning Bing landed on the ground with a dazed expression, stunned beyond words.

“How did Fang Yuan find out all these? I was extremely secretive. This means, he was always watching coldly at my performance! Wait, I succeeded in planting the fixed star Gu though…”

“Fang Yuan, you demon, so what if you found out! You can’t escape today, there is nowhere to run!” Tie Ruo Nan saw that the matter was exposed and quickly broke out of the ice, as the four old-timers joined her.

Fang Yuan chuckled, raising his left arm: “You mean the fixed star Gu? What if I chop off my arm?”

Tie clan’s four old-timers frowned deeply.

Once Fang Yuan chopped off his arm, even if they used their killer move, they would only get his arm.

According to their understanding of Fang Yuan, sacrificing his left forearm was nothing to this cruel and wicked person.

“Hahaha!” Tie Ruo Nan suddenly laughed.

She pointed at Fang Yuan, shouting: “Fang Yuan, stop trying to deceive us! So what if you saw through our scheme? The dog group outside the hall cannot block the two factions. Soon, Xiao Mang, Chou Jiu, Mo Wu Tian, Yi Huo, Yi Chong and the others would charge in, can you defend the Immortal Gu?”

“You are a frenzied lunatic, killing so many Gu Masters and plundering their apertures to refine Gu. These crimes are unforgivable, Bai Ning Bing is the best witness! As long as we announce it to the world, you will be a wanted criminal everywhere. More importantly, your Immortal Gu is not done refining yet!”

“Do you still have a chance of succeeding? Impossible! You have no time left, not long later, this hall will be overrun by people, where can you run to? Try flying out? Hehe, you only way out now is to surrender to our Tie clan, and contribute that half-done Immortal Gu to us, as well as surrender the old clan leader’s Gu worms, and enter the Demon Suppression Tower for reform, that’s the only way you can keep your life.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 404: Refining Immortal Gu again! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Tie Ruo Nan took a step forward and looked with a gaze that was sharp as a knife: “Fang Yuan, you are a smart man, you should be clear of your situation!”

“I am indeed clear of my situation.” Fang Yuan’s expression was tranquil: “And I am even more clear of your situation.”

His lips revealed a trace of cold smile: “Immortal Gu refinement has indeed not finished, but this has let me preserve more portions of immortal essence, enough for me to kill you all!”

However, right at this time, Ba Gui appeared and spoke with a tearful expression: “No use, it is no use. There will be too much loss in immortal essence to kill them and the remaining amount won’t be able to support the Gu refinement. Furthermore, it is late now, there are too many holes in the blessed land and it will completely collapse and disperse into smoke not long later.”

Its biggest obsession was to complete the refinement of second aperture Gu, it did not even care about its own destruction.

Right now, Fang Yuan had only refined to this stage and the crucial step still remained which was also the most difficult step; but the situation no longer allowed him to continue.

“Young man, you made a grave mistake in your calculations, our Immortal Gu refinement is a failure!” The land spirit howled in grief.

“Refining Immortal Gu? Never expected it to be so lively here.” Yan Jun calmly stepped into the main hall.

In the previous life, he had been obstructed by Feng Tian Yu, but now with no obstructions, he walked freely into the bronze hall.

“Heheh, Fang Yuan, you are not the blessed land’s master, thus the land spirit will not completely obey your commands. Since young clan leader Yan Jun has arrived, the others also won’t be far. Today, your loss is certain.” Tie Ruo Nan had some fear towards the land spirit and could only continue to engage in psychological battle.

“No, there is still hope, the Gu refinement can’t be considered a failure.” Fang Yuan suddenly smiled.

He moved his gaze towards Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing’s heart tightened; if Fang Yuan used Yang Gu to force her to fight to the death, what course of path should she take?

However, Fang Yuan’s gaze moved past Bai Ning Bing and turned towards the land spirit Ba Gui.

This aged Ba Gui was looking awful right now after crying, appearing extremely broken-hearted.

“Ba Gui, do you still want to refine second aperture Gu or not?” Fang Yuan transmitted his voice.

“Could, could it be that you have some way?” Ba Gui suddenly felt a trace of hope: “That’s right, you are a reborn Gu Immortal, and with your previous life’s experience, you should have expected this situation right!”

“No, the situation is beyond my expectations. The current me is only a mortal and I am unable to make a difference.” Fang Yuan said frankly, “Ba Gui, I have failed you, the Gu refinement this time is indeed a failure.”

The land spirit started wailing even louder.

However, Fang Yuan immediately changed the topic: “But this failure is only temporary, we can still have hope.”

The land spirit’s crying softened as it asked: “What do you mean?”

“After you die, I will be the only person who knows the recipe. The half-finished second aperture Gu is also with me, so Ba Gui, you must protect me.”

“Of course I have to protect you! You are the only person who satisfied the requirements of the blessed land and are also a reborn Gu Immortal, there is a huge chance of the refinement of the second aperture Gu succeeding in the future even if it is a failure this time.” The land spirit answered as a matter of fact.

“Good. it is is great that you have this understanding. However, you can only protect me for a period but not forever. Not long later, you will die. With the remaining immortal essence, we also cannot completely root out all the enemies in the blessed land. Even if you transport me to the outside world, there are many groups of Gu Masters on San Cha mountain.” The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a sinister smile.

Since the rebirth this time, everything was going smoothly. As he inched closer to success, he could not help but feel a trace of excitement.

“Then how do you want me to protect you?” The land spirit asked.

Fang Yuan chuckled and said profoundly: “Ba Gui, do you remember the third section of the second chapter of the >?”

The land spirit was dazed as it guessed Fang Yuan’s meaning, it said with hesitation: “You are saying… no, that won’t work, there are two conditions that are not fulfilled. First of all, you need the light of glory of the immemorial era.”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed satisfiedly at this, he raised his hand and pointed to the top of the bronze hall and shouted, “Look, the light is here!”

From the moment he stood up, he had inwardly asked the land spirit to share its vision, thus the situation outside was very clear to him.

Afterward, the talk with the Tie clansmen and others were only delaying the time and waiting for a good opportunity.

This was already the third time Fang Yuan had used Spring Autumn Cicada and by accumulating his experience, he had an even deeper understanding of rebirth.

There was indeed a butterfly effect to the aftermath of rebirth that could cause some things to change completely. However, there was also historical inertia; many great events that occurred were conflicts that accumulated over time, they only lacked a trigger point. Even without the original trigger, a new one would always appear. This was not something a person alone could influence and change easily.

Outside the main hall.

Xiao Mang was getting impatient fighting with Ying Ming and flew to the sky.

Rank four, gather light Gu.

Rank five, extreme light Gu.

Rank five, river under the sun Gu.

Killer move — Torrential Light Stream!

The river of light rolled and crashed as it poured down towards the blessed land.

The light was blinding, and the waves were fierce, it turned the entire battlefield white, and everyone closed their eyes, unable to resist such a strong light.

“Not good!” Tie Ruo Nan and others were in the main hall, Tie Bai Qi tried to stop it when he saw this, but the light river’s formation was already complete and he could only reduce its impact by a little.

The grand light river was like a waterfall, crashing heavily on the bronze hall.

The roof of the hall was immediately broken through, and the light waterfall flew towards Fang Yuan.

“The light of glory of the immemorial era!” The land spirit cried out in shock.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly and poured his primeval essence into rank four bone wings Gu and rank five liquid metal Gu.

A pair of long and wide black wings spread out from his back, while the liquid metal covered his whole body like paint, spreading towards the black wings and dying his whole body with dazzling golden light.

“He, what is he doing?”

“Fang Yuan!”

In Tie Ruo Nan, Bai Ning Bing and the others’ astonished gazes, Fang Yuan flapped his wings and flew directly towards the river of light!

Bam!

There was loud buzzing in his ears and the formidable impact forced Fang Yuan backwards.

However, he had killed many rank five Gu Masters before and obtained many movement Gu like golden aurora Gu and so on. Right now, he activated them all and flew against the flow of the waterfall, flying higher and higher.

When he flew out of the bronze hall, it immediately attracted countless gasps and doubts.

“What is that thing?”

“It is flashing with golden light and looks like a large bird!”

“No, that is a person, a warrior that has been soaked in molten gold!”

There was only a vast sea of whiteness in Fang Yuan’s sight. His primeval essence was depleting rapidly by activating so many movement Gu and defensive Gu.

” Time and tide wait for no man , land spirit help me, divine travel Gu!”

Immortal Gu divine travel landed on his palm.

“Jade sky Gu!”

A ray of green light shot out from his aperture and landed on his hand, turning into a jade-green colored bamboo that was hollow in the middle.

“What in the world is he trying to do? He actually faced the killer move head-on and flew up!” Tie Ruo Nan stared with wide-opened eyes, expressing her shock.

“Did little beast king give up, and is trying to end his life?” Yan Jun’s jaws were wide open as he looked up in a daze.

“Something’s up, I understand him! Everything Fang Yuan does has extremely deep meaning! No matter what, we can’t let him have his way, we must disrupt this!” Bai Ning Bing’s tone was hurried and for some reason, the bad feeling in her heart continued to become stronger.

Tie Ruo Nan nodded and agreed with Bai Ning Bing’s words.

“Four old-timers!” She shouted.

“Understood!” The four old-timers immediately moved separately towards east, south, west and north directions; they kneeled on the ground and held their right wrist with their left hand, their right hands were spread out in a claw form and faced each other.

Killer move — Infinite search and lock!

Almost at the same time, Fang Yuan’s left arm shone with an eerie-blue light; one could vaguely see the fixed star Gu on it.

This Gu was a star fragment of the immemorial era, it was like an eight-sided diamond and was crystal clear!

At the same time, all around Fang Yuan, space tore apart and four chains appeared, moving like pythons.

“Finally reacting at this point? Hmph, too late!” Fang Yuan gave a cold smile.

Divine travel Gu suddenly flew and pierced into his left arm, swallowing the fixed star Gu.

The four old timers coughed out blood as they lost the connection with the fixed star Gu.

The four chains moving beside Fang Yuan also lost their target and flew about carelessly before they were destroyed by the river of light.

After the divine travel Gu ate fixed star Gu, it went into the hollow jade sky Gu and rapidly formed a cocoon.

“Huh? There is a strange person flying directly towards my killer move?!” Xiao Mang was indescribably shocked. Others often did not have enough time to dodge his killer move but now there was actually a fool who was facing it head-on!

“Who is this guy? What is he trying to do?” Yi Huo, Yi Chong and the others stared at the sky with stupefied looks.

“Wait a second, this scene, where did I see it before!” Li Xian frowned deeply, a ray of light flashed in his astute mind.

“How could this be, he seems to be… refining Gu?” Feng Tian Yu looked up for a while and after seeing somewhat clearly he immediately became shocked.

“He is actually refining Gu using the killer move, his courage knows no bounds!” Mo Wu Tian’s eyes shot out purple light that extended two inches into the air.

That’s right, Fang Yuan was refining Gu.

This was Fang Yuan’s plan.

When he enslaved killer ghost doctor, it was certain the second aperture Gu’s refinement would fail.

Because at the last step of merging with divine travel Gu, Fang Yuan was not able to accomplish it by just himself. Previously, he had the help of refinement path grandmaster Feng Tian Yu and the assistance of the land spirit, before he was able to barely finish it.

Now, he did not have Feng Tian Yu’s help, thus this step was destined to fail!

However, after rebirth, Fang Yuan had never truly thought of refining second aperture Gu.

He deceived the land spirit and intentionally delayed time to create such a special situation to convince the land spirit and refine this Gu.

Similar to the second aperture Gu, this Gu was also an Immortal Gu whose recipe was recorded in chapter two section three of >!

> was the first classic of the Gu world!

It appeared to be a story when one first read it but it actually held profound messages, recording the secrets of the ancient times and all kinds of Gu. Some Gu were directly described like wisdom Gu, strength Gu and so on. While some Gu were hidden, their descriptions were very vague, requiring the readers to dig through it and study carefully.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The light of glory of the immemorial era shone on the cocoon.

Absorbing the glory of the immemorial era, the cocoon was undergoing a mystical change.

Fang Yuan’s body was shining in golden brilliance, swimming up against the flow of the torrential light stream. Facing the strong killer move of a rank five Gu Master, liquid metal Gu’s defense was starting to become useless.

The golden protection was washed away by the light eventually.

Especially the bone wings, it slowly revealed its original black color after being washed by the torrential light stream.

In the grand waterfall of light, a lone body was flying with great difficulty while facing great pressure.

Such a mystical sight naturally attracted many Gu Master’s attention.

The battlefield slowly turned silent.

Land spirit assisted Fang Yuan fully, after the dogs lost their master, they scattered. All the Gu Masters stood on the spot, raising their heads and watching.

In their hearts, they had one question — “This scenario, I have obviously not seen it before, yet why do I find it so familiar?”

“I remember, I remember now!” Suddenly, someone shouted: “This scene was recorded in the legends of Ren Zu, that’s why it is so familiar!”

>, the number one classic in the world, spread throughout the world widely, no one was unfamiliar with it.

Getting such a reminder, many people realized at once.

“That’s right, this was recorded in Ren Zu’s second chapter, third section.”

“I remember now, Verdant Great Sun flapped his wings and bathed in the light of glory in order to refine fixed immortal travel Gu, flying towards the sun.”

People recalled, laughing immediately.

“What is this person doing? Copying Verdant Great Sun, and disregarding his life?”

“Haha, don’t tell me he is thinking of refining fixed immortal travel Gu?”

“How is that possible! He has divine travel Gu?”

Of course Fang Yuan had it!

But divine travel Gu was not enough, it was recorded in > —

Verdant Great Sun was afraid that divine travel Gu would send him to dangerous places while he was drunk. Divine travel Gu was ashamed because of this, thus directing him: “Go up into the sky, and in the azure heaven among the nine heavens, there is a bamboo forest. Inside the bamboo forest, pluck a jade bamboo that is jade sky in color. Next, go to blue heaven and during the night time, collect the eight-sided diamonds inside the star fragments. Next, when it is dawn, fly into the sky and use the light of glory of the rising sun to turn me into fixed immortal travel Gu. Once I become that Gu, I will no longer send you to random places when you are drunk.”

Thus, Fang Yuan needed the a jade sky colored jade bamboo from azure heaven, and an eight-sided diamond star fragment from blue heaven.

And also, the light of glory of the immemorial era.

Did he have these?

Not at first.

But after rebirth, he killed Long Qing Tian and obtained jade sky Gu.

This Gu was rank five and originated from the immemorial era. It was like a dark green bamboo stem, palm size and hollow in the middle, giving off a texture of jade on the surface.

This was the azure heaven’s jade bamboo!

> described all sorts of Gu. Immortal Gu were described as they were, like wisdom Gu and strength Gu. Mortal Gu were written more obscurely, the readers needed to look into them and researched carefully.

But the jade sky bamboo was not enough, he needed the eight-sided diamond star fragment.

Did he have it?

Of course not, but Bai Ning Bing planted it on him!

Indeed, the fixed star Gu.

This Gu was a star fragment from the immemorial era, looking like a diamond with eight sides, it was planted on Fang Yuan’s left forearm, giving off starlight, able to project a half-transparent eerie blue light from his arm.

So now he had the jade sky bamboo and the eight-sided diamond star fragment, but to refine fixed immortal travel Gu, Fang Yuan needed one final condition — that is what the land spirit mentioned — the light of glory of the immemorial era.

Did Fang Yuan have this?

From start to end, he had never obtained it.

But Xiao Mang had it.

Xiao Mang controlled an extreme light Gu, this Gu was obtained by robbing graves, it was an incomplete Gu. It could only be used three times every month to unleash the light of glory. Once it exceeded three times, it would self-detonate.

And torrential light stream was a killer move that, in some aspects, replicated the light of glory.

Divine travel Gu, jade sky Gu, fixed star Gu, as well as the light of the immemorial era, all the conditions were fulfilled!

When Fang Yuan rebirthed and realized this, he discarded the second aperture Gu in his heart, changing his objective to refining the fixed immortal travel Gu.

But it was impossible to convince the land spirit.

The land spirit’s obsession was to refine second aperture Gu.

Thus, Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan, and the righteous demonic factions became Fang Yuan’s tools!

He calculated meticulously in his heart, controlling the flow of events as he swayed them in his favor, causing this result. When the land spirit realized that no matter what, the second aperture Gu would not be refined successfully, it would change its goal to protecting Fang Yuan, as that is the only way hope remains.

The cocoon absorbed the sunlight, trembling slightly as the aura of an Immortal Gu leaked out uncontrollably.

Everyone was flabbergasted.

“Such an aura, how is this possible?!” Tie Ruo Nan, Bai Ning Bing and the others were staring with their eyes popping out.

“He is refining Gu, he is really refining an Immortal Gu?! Who is he? Is he the reincarnation of Verdant Great Sun?” Yi Huo, Yi Chong, and the others were staring with their jaws dropping.

“Fixed immortal travel! Is he really refining fixed immortal travel Gu? To think that I, Feng Tian Yu, would get the see the birth of an Immortal Gu!” This refinement master kneeled on the ground emotionally, tears overflowing on his face.

In the blessed land, the few remaining hairy men all kneeled down.

This moment, they were idolizing this person refining an Immortal Gu!

Unbelievable.

An event of the immemorial era was unfolding before them…

An unimaginable grandness and beauty caused many Gu Masters’ bodies to shook. Was it excitement, fear, or both?

At once, Fang Yuan’s figure was the center of everyone’s attention.

No matter how glaring the torrential light stream was, everyone’s eyes were wide open, staring without blinking.

The Immortal Gu’s aura became more intense, but at this crucial moment, something happened.

“Trying to use my power to refine an Immortal Gu? Hmph!” Xiao Mang was no fool, after realizing this, he immediately stopped his killer move.

The torrential light stream ended!

Everyone gasped loudly.

“NOOOO!” Feng Tian Yu screamed, his heart pained as he showed grief and despair.

 In his vision, the torrential light stream was like a cut ribbon, flowing down weakly, with just three breath’s time, the Gu Master in the light waterfall would be freed. Such a short time was not enough to birth an Immortal Gu.

But why would Fang Yuan not anticipate this?

Third watch Gu! Third watch Gu!

He activated two third watch Gu targeting the cocoon.

At once, time accelerated by nine times, as the Immortal Gu’s aura surged!

“He used two time path Gu worms to accelerate time?” Feng Tian Yu got up like he was jolted with lightning, his eyes glowing as his face turned red, there was still hope?

But immediately, his red face turned pale, as Feng Tian Yu plopped on the ground with a dejected expression, crying: “It is useless, the acceleration is only a temporary measure, if the Immortal Gu is created too quickly, it will not be able to stabilize its aura, and will be destroyed through self-detonation…”

But was Fang Yuan ignorant about this?

He took out a Gu worm.

This Gu had an plain appearance, like a grey stone disc.

In his previous life, he obtained it from Feng Tian Yu, this time, he got it from killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu.

What Gu?

Undefeated hundred battles!

Undefeated hundred battles Gu!, rank five expenditure Gu, once used, it allowed a Gu Master’s refinement to succeed for sure!

The next moment, Feng Tian Yu was stunned, grabbing his head and screaming in great joy: “How can this be!”

Because he felt the Immortal Gu’s aura stabilizing like a miracle!

The cocoon broke open, and a green butterfly flew out — fixed immortal travel Gu!

“It truly is an Immortal Gu!”

“Beautiful beyond words…”

“Who in the world is he, he actually refined an Immortal Gu?!”

At once, everyone’s hearts were pounding, regardless of whether they were aware or unaware of the circumstances, they were speechless and shocked to their limits.

Xiao Mang was stupefied, Mo Wu Tian was in a daze.

“Is this the re-enactment of a legend?”

“What era am I living in?!”

Fang Yuan flew out of the light waterfall, as fixed immortal travel Gu flew around him. Each time it flapped its wings, green light flickered like pollen, it was a beautiful sight.

Of course, Fang Yuan paid a huge price.

A rank five killer move was not a joke, liquid metal Gu died, golden aurora Gu and the others were greatly damaged. The black wings on his back were torn and tattered.

As the liquid metal faded, Fang Yuan’s identity was revealed.

At once, a commotion burst out.

“Who is he?” Mo Wu Tian’s pupils shrunk.

“It, it’s him, little beast king!” Hu Mei Er and Li Xian were shocked.

“It’s him!” Yi Huo’s eyes were popping out.

“It is actually him?!” Jiao Huang and Meng Tu looked at each other, trembling, feeling each other’s shock, after-fear, and joy. They had the guts to assassinate such a strong foe? A man who can refine an Immortal Gu?!

“Fang Yuan…” Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan and the others who knew the situation witnessed this miracle with their own eyes, watching like a still statue.

Hundreds of thousands of years ago, during the immemorial era, Verdant Great Sun flapped his wings, refining an fixed immortal travel Gu.

But now, Fang Yuan was doing the same, using his mortal body to accomplish such a grand feat under everyone’s observation.

Once this matter spread, his name would be renowned throughout the continent, shocking the whole southern border.

“You really succeeded in refining fixed immortal travel Gu, incredible! As expected of a future Gu Immortal.” Fang Yuan could hear land spirit’s praise and sigh.

Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Fixed immortal travel Gu can allow a Gu Master to roam the world, going anywhere he wanted. But it is still an Immortal Gu, your help is needed, to activate it using immortal essence.”

Ba Gui: “Of course. There is still some immortal essence left in the cauldron, recall in your mind where you want to go, you should choose a safe place. Remember, the image in your head has to be the same as the real place, there cannot be too big of a difference.”

“I understand that.”

Ba Gui sighed, speaking wholeheartedly: “Using the fixed immortal travel would allow you to escape this predicament, but without immortal essence, the blessed land will be destroyed immediately. Death is a relief for me. I just wish you would succeed in refining second aperture Gu in the future, and do not waste this opportunity. Before we part, do you have anything to say to me?”

Fang Yuan opened his mouth, but no words came out.

He moved his tattered black wings, flying in the sky and looking around.

The torn bronze hall, the mound battlefield overflowing with blood, and the ruined Gu Immortal blessed land…

Goodbye, Bai Ning Bing.

Goodbye, Tie Ruo Nan.

Goodbye, Southern Border.

The land spirit did not know that Fang Yuan was about to take a an even greater risk. But life was a gamble, if one did not gamble when they had the chance, when would they succeed?

If man did not have aspirations as grand as heaven, they would be letting down their eight feet body!   1

Thinking like this, Fang Yuan felt great ambition and aspiration, his heart boiling with anticipation. Standing before everyone, he felt an urge and expressed it as a poem.

The people present heard him recite —

Since ancient times land immortal pass with the wind, today three kings return to eternal slumber.

Who would not experience failure? Verdant Sun died regretfully. Start over again and proclaim oneself as King.

The carp swims up the heavenly waterfall, travelling alone in the desolate lands and defying heaven.

Spreading my wings and flying away today, becoming an immortal and whipping the phoenix on another day!

As he said so, Fang Yuan laughed loudly.

Everyone was speechless.

Only the land spirit shouted: “Grand aspirations, I will send you on your journey!”

Immortal essence entered the fixed immortal travel Gu, and jade light flashed, as Fang Yuan vanished from the air.

Only his clothes were left, floating in the air like a kite with its strings cut.

“He vanished!”

“He used the fixed immortal travel Gu, I wonder where he went.”

“Ah! Why is heaven and earth shaking?”

Everyone was stunned.

At this time, intense winds blew as mountains broke, the world was collapsing. Loopholes after loopholes were formed, connecting to the outside world.

“Damn it, escape quickly.”

“The blessed land is collapsing, the winds of assimilation is coming!”

“If we do not escape now, we will die, I do not want to die!”

The experts were frightened and shocked, frantically escaping as San Cha mountain went into chaos once again.

…

Central Continent, Tian Ti mountain.

In Hu Immortal blessed land, on Dang Hun mountain, the battle for Hu Immortal blessed land was reaching its end.

“Fang Zheng, hang in there, victory is within reach!” Lord Sky Crane encouraged.

The skin on Fang Zheng’s arms and legs were torn, as blood flowed down.

He surpassed Ying Sheng Ji, Xiao Qi Xing, his body was numb from pain, and his brain was unable to think, there was only Dang Hun mountain left in his mind.

Being the first to ascend, he only had one thought left in his mind.

“I am the great Feng Jin Huang, how can I lose here? I have never lost since I was born, this time is no exception! Come out, dream wings!”

Feng Jin Huang shouted, and a beautiful pair of wings grew from her shoulders.

This pair of wings was extremely elegant and beautiful, all sorts of lights shone on it, it was dazzling and alluring, with just one flap, Feng Jin Huang ascended easily.

“What?”

“This is…”

“The legendary Immortal Gu — Dream Wings!”

The nine Gu Immortals were shocked.

Most Immortal Gu could only be used with immortal essence. But dreams wings were different, it used the Gu Master’s spirit and soul instead.

Feng Jin Huang was only a mortal, activating the dream wings forcefully would cause severe damage to her soul, amnesia at best, becoming retarded at worst.

But Feng Jin Huang was competitive, she wanted victory, willing to pay any price!

Under Fang Zheng, stunned gaze, she overtook him, taking back her head.

The dream wings were folded back as Feng Jin Huang stood at the side of the cliff, breathing heavily, she felt a strong dizziness from the depths of her soul, almost causing her to faint.

She reached her limits.

Forcefully activating an Immortal Gu, it was not easy for Feng Jin Huang to reach this step.

“I actually lost!” Fang Zheng stared with wide opened eyes, dejected and upset.

Feng Jin Huang’s arms were already at the edge of the peak, she was one step away!

“I, I am about… to win!”

At this moment, Feng Jin Huang forced herself to raise her head, using the last bit of strength she had.

Her eyes were glowing like amber, her beautiful appearance and her snow-white long neck, was shining like jade in the blessed land’s pink light.

She was like a young phoenix, expanding its wings for the first time.

Brilliant and glorious!

At once, even Gu Immortals were dazed.

Fang Zheng raised his head to look at her, as Hu Immortal land spirit stared at her in a daze, everyone was waiting for Feng Jin Huang’s victory.

Feng Jin Huang did not let everyone down, she bit her lips, placing her arms at the edge of the cliff.

Next, she used her remaining strength to drag her body up as well. But at this moment!

Swoosh!

Jade light flashed, and a man appeared on the mountain peak.

This man was completely naked, his left forearm had a hole as blood flowed out of it. His youthful body, was strong and muscular, giving off the aura of a veteran expert who had undergone countless battles.

“Brother?!” Fang Zheng was shocked, slipping and falling down the cliff.

The ten Gu Immortals were shocked. Who, who is this naked man?!

Feng Jin Huang raised her snow-white neck, looking at Fang Yuan from his feet, stunned and watching with her eyes wide open like a statue.

Fang Yuan’s body was muscular, the giant monster on his lower body entered Feng Jin Huang’s vision without any doubt.

“I really came here? Tsk, fixed immortal travel Gu has such a weakness, it cannot transport clothes along with me. But thankfully, I placed my Gu worms inside my aperture, and brought them along.

Fang Yuan looked around, realizing his situation.

“Eh? Isn’t this person below me Feng Jin Huang?”

It seems > gave an accurate time. He was a step before her, this competition did not ban Immortal Gu worms, according to the rules, he was Hu Immortal blessed land’s owner!

“I succeeded, all my risks paid off. So what if I failed to refine second aperture Gu? Now I have something better, the entire Hu Immortal blessed land, and fixed immortal travel Gu! Hahahahaha…” Fang Yuan laughed crazily in his heart.

“Unfortunately, she has the Immortal Gu dream wings, I can’t kill her yet.” Fang Yuan looked at Feng Jin Huang regretfully, before raising his right foot.

Under the ten Gu Immortal’s supervision, his right foot landed on Feng Jin Huang’s face, as a jade-like feeling could be felt on his feet.

“Scram.” Fang Yuan pushed, and kicked the weak and dazed Feng Jin Huang down.

Feng Jin Huang was already out of strength, how could she resist Fang Yuan’s kick, she immediately descended.

Fang Yuan turned around, facing the land spirit.

“Little Hu Immortal, aren’t you calling me you master?”

“Ma… master…” The little girl stared at Fang Yuan, shocked.

After she reacted, she used her small tender hands to cover her large crystal clear eyes.

Next, she lowered her head, her face red with shame, as she stomped her foot, shaking her head, saying meekly: “Master, aren’t you shameful, you are so old already, quickly wear some clothes!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 406: Feng Jiu Ge 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Nine days later.

Atop of a lush green mountain valley, a small waterfall flowed downwards like a strip of silvery silk.

The waterfall’s stream flowed into an ancient lake. The ancient lake was deep and dark jade in color, with ripples on the surface of the water.

In the pond, all kinds of carp were swimming about.

On the top of a white rock beside the water, Feng Jin Huang sat with her eyes closed.

Her face, bright and beautiful, was reflected in the water, causing this ancient lake to gain a brilliant elegance. The colorful carps in the water, the clear pool water, the silvery waterfall, and the green valley all complimented each other.

However, Feng Jin Huang’s pretty brows were deeply scrunched.

Although she has tried her best to calm down, every time she closed her eyes for more than thirty breaths, an image flashed in her mind from the depths of her heart.

On an illustrious pink crystal mountain peak, a naked man looked down at her with his black eerie pupils.

She was sprawling on the edge of the cliff, and when she looked up, she saw everything on the man’s body.

His bleeding left arm with a bloody hole, his strong muscles, his broad chest, and the massive thing between his legs… the image was engraved into her heart.

The memory was so vivid that the events of that day could never be forgotten by this proud woman.

Especially since afterwards, the man stretched out his right foot and stepped on her face!

Feng Jin Huang wanted to forget the feeling of being trampled on her face, yet the feeling was so vivid that she could clearly recall it even now.

“Forget it, Forget him! Keep a peace of mind, peace, peace of mind, calm down…” Feng Jin Huang breathed more and more rapidly.

Her breathing became heavier, and her chest moved rapidly as a result, and was becoming faster.

In her heart, shame, humiliation, and hatred mixed together, turning into a volcano.

“How dare he? He dared to do that to me! Ahhh!” Feng Jin Huang could not bear it anymore, and suddenly opened her phoenix eyes and stood up abruptly, raising her head and screaming.

Boom!

The volcano in her heart erupted, filling her chest with anger, almost melting her entire body!

“You are a despicable and shameless man, you dared to step on my face. I want to tear you to pieces!” Feng Jin Huang roared, her eyes glowing with fire as she punched randomly.

Bam Bam Bam Bam…

The loud smashing sound, like the sound of thunder, erupted continuously.

Feng Jin Huang’s eyes exuded fire, the beautiful flames evaporated the ancient lake and burnt the green hills around her. She punched without a target, as her frenzied barrage sent the surrounding mountain rocks flying, as the ground cracked!

After almost a few short breaths, Feng Jin Huang completely decimated the valley. Such terrifying battle strength, even if ten Fang Yuan attacked together, he could not reach such a power level.

“Ahhhhhhh!”

“This scoundrel!!!”

“I want rend your flesh, limb by limb! I want to step on your bones and crush them into pieces! I’ll make you suffer for seven days and seven nights!”

“I swear, I’ll make you to suffer endless pain, I want you to die and regret everything you have done to me. Then, I’ll turn you into ashes and scatter you into the wind!”

Feng Jin Huang bellowed without stopping, the anger in her chest making her lose all rationality.

…

A few hundred miles away, there were grass cottages built on a mountain peak.

 Through the window of the cottage, a pair of beautiful eyes stared at Feng Jin Huang, looking worried.

 “Oh, my little Feng Er…” Inside the cottage, a beauty was dressed in white silk adorned with a green belt. She was dignified and elegant, bearing a resemblance to Feng Jin Huang.

She was the biological mother of Feng Jin Huang, Fairy Bai Qing, a rank six Gu Immortal!

“Stop looking. You have already watched her for seven or eight times the during the last ten minutes. The jade sea tide tea that I carefully brewed for you is getting cold by now, go sit down and drink it.” Feng Jiu Ge sat by her side, helplessly saying.

“Drink, drink, drink, all you care about is drinking tea. Is Feng Jin Huang even your daughter? As her father, aren’t you worried at all?” Bai Qing turned around, her brows were wrinkled and her tone was resentful.

“Sigh! Our daughter, Feng Er, had always been competitive since she was a child. Her talent was excellent, and no one was her match in her sect, but suddenly she stumbled and lost. Hu Immortal Inheritance was the first failure of her life, but it is also the most important. You are her father, but you’re actually still in the mood to drink tea here?”

“Nevermind the failure, what’s more important is, Feng-Er suffered such a huge loss! She actually got trampled by someone! Think about it, Feng Er is proud and had never paid attention to any man her age. Yet she was beaten in such a way, with someone’s foot on her face, and for the first time, saw a similar aged man’s body. This, this…”

The more Fairy Bai Qing talked, the more anxious she grew, and her eyes slowly turned red.

Feng Jiu Ge looked at her and immediately got up, getting to her side, holding her in his arms. He frantically comforted her: “Don’t cry, don’t cry my Qing Er. Isn’t your husband still here? In fact, in my opinion, this event was not without benefits.”

“Oh? What good is there?” Bai Qing casted a doubtful gaze at him.

“Sigh, Feng Er is our pride and joy, I’m proud of her yet also worried. She’s too competitive and always wants to get first place. Yes, her talent is higher than mine, and she also has great comprehension abilities, but so what if her talent is higher, is it higher than all the heroes in the world? No matter how good her talent is, can it compare to Desolate Ancient Moon?” Feng Jiu explained in earnest.

“The great Desolate Ancient Moon, daughter of Ren Zu, failed countless times. Feng Er had always experienced success and victory but had never understood the taste of failure. This is one of her defects, and also her weakness.”

“Qing Er, you are a rank six Gu Immortal, and I am a rank seven Gu Immortal, but even if it was a rank nine Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable, they can only live long, but not forever. We are able to protect Feng Er now, but one day we will leave her. By that time, she will only be able to rely on herself. Experiencing this failure will help her mature.”

“Birds leave the nest and fly alone. After they withstand setbacks, they can train their wings and fight in the sky. In the future, when Feng Er leaves us, we can be relieved.”

“Feng Er is my baby, I would love nothing more than to protect her inside the blessed land forever…” Fairy Bai Qing leaned on Feng Jiu Ge’s chest as she wiped her tears.

 She sighed and said: “Sigh, you are right, Feng Er will leave us one day, we should let her train more. But this is too much, she had lost too much this time. Hu Immortal Inheritance was lost, she was even bullied by that Immortal Crane Sect lad, are you as her father not going to do anything about it?”

“Hmph.” Feng Jiu snorted, squinting as his eyes shone with a cold light: “Immortal Crane Sect went too far indeed, even though they had promised to compensate us and the other eight major sects. But Feng Er is my daughter, how she can experience such bullying? I have already written a letter and it has been sent to them. If this He Feng Yang does not know what’s good for him, I will go to their sect to find him and settle the score!”

Fairy Bai Qing’s heart eased, it turns out that her husband had already acted. But immediately, Bai Qing was nervous and looked at her husband: “Husband, don’t be rash, don’t make a huge commotion. Back when you attacked the top ten sects, Immortal Crane Sect was also one of the victims. They know that you’re the strongest, but don’t do this kind of thing again.”

“I know, I know. Haha, you can be at ease.” Feng Jiu Ge calmed his wife lying in his arms, his eyes subconsciously squinting as he snorted in his heart: “Out of the top ten sects in central continent now, none are worthy of facing off against me.”

…

South of the Central Continent, thirty thousand feet above the mountains.

In the sky, Fei He mountain was floating among a sea of clouds, looking magnificent and grand.

Trees were swaying on the mountain as ten thousand cranes flew by, giving off a living atmosphere of an Immortal’s residence.

Currently, in Shang Qing pavilion at the top of the mountain, it was a heavy and grim atmosphere.

“Feng Jiu Ge has gone too far!” The supreme first elder was staring furiously, his hands clutching a thin letter as he trembled with anger.

With a bang, he slammed the letter on the white jade stone table.

In the letter, Feng Jie Ge listed several overbearing demands. But despite so, supreme first elder did not dare to destroy or burn this letter.

This letter was shining with an azure green color, it was the transformation of the rank five letter sending green bird Gu. Once destroyed, Feng Jiu Ge would sense it, if he became furious, the situation would become troublesome.

This guy, Feng Jiu Ge, was born into the demonic path. In the past, he obtained a rare opportunity and cultivated painstakingly, soundlessly reaching rank six Gu Immortal realm. Once he came out, he amazed the world as he challenged all the heroes in the world, and no one could stop him. The ten sects sent people to challenge him, but they all lost terribly, forced to join forces to resist him.

Feng Jiu Ge, was not afraid, fighting as he travelled for over ten million miles, suddenly changing his tactic and going for the yellow dragon, causing the ten sects to lose miserably. The scene was total chaos and there was nothing anyone could do.

Fortunately, Fairy Bai Qing from Spirit Affinity House moved him with true love, finally reforming this demonic head.

“Back in the day, Feng Jiu Ge used his rank six cultivation and caused a commotion among the ten sects, it was unimaginable. Now, he has rank seven cultivation and has Spirit Affinity House, one of the ten sects backing him. This person has the demeanour of a heavenly immortal, although his requests are slightly overbearing, we can agree to it.” Supreme second elder took out the letter, reading it and said with a calm tone.

“He Feng Yang, how can there be such a huge mistake in this matter you were in charge of? That Fang Yuan is not our disciple at all, what motives do you have, defending him like this?” A thunderous voice echoed in Shang Qing pavilion, causing the windows to vibrate.

The person speaking was Lei Tan, rank six Gu Immortal, and was at loggerheads with He Feng Yang.

Places with people have conflict, Immortal Crane Sect also has their conflicts and competition among factions.

At once, all the gazes fell on He Feng Yang.

He Feng Yang was like a young man, gentle like jade. A pair of jade colored brows extended to his waist.

His expression was calm, looking around slowly, then laughed and said: “This Fang Yuan is indeed not our disciple, but his brother Fang Zheng is one of us, the leader of the elite disciples of this generation.”

Lei Tan snickered: “A tiny elite disciple’s relative, he is worth our backing, the entire Immortal Crane Sect?! He Feng Yang, do you know how much compensation we will have to give to the nine sects for this Fang Yuan?”

“Of course I know.” He Feng Yang glanced at Lei Tan, laughing in disdain: “But these things, even if you multiply it by three, can’t compare to a Hu Immortal blessed land. Not to mention a fixed immortal travel Gu?”

At once, many of the supreme elders understood.

“He Feng Yang! What are you trying to say?” Lei Tan frowned, asking impatiently.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 407: Immortal Crane Sect’s objective 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

He Feng Yang only smiled without replying Lei Tan’s question.

It was supreme third elder who laughed and replied: “I understand Elder Feng Yang’s intention. If we didn’t choose to shield this Fang Yuan, Hu Immortal blessed land would still be up for grabs for the ten sects. However, by admitting that Fang Yuan is a member of our Immortal Crane Sect, we have eliminated the other nine opponents, letting only our Immortal Crane Sect seize control of this blessed land.”

Lei Tan’s gaze flickered and his expression slightly changed, but he no longer asked any questions.

At this moment, He Feng Yang stood up from his seat.

He first cupped his fists towards supreme third elder who explaining the reason: “Third elder is wise! Things happened too suddenly, who could have thought a mortal would use the Immortal Gu fixed immortal travel to appear the peak of Dang Hun mountain and inherit Hu Immortal blessed land in front of everyone.”

“This Hu Immortal inheritance is at Tian Ti mountain. Everyone might know Tian Ti mountain is the stairs that connects to the heavenly court. Even though it was destroyed and had been abandoned for many years, it still represents the might of the heavenly court. In a way, attacking Hu Immortal blessed land is attacking Tian Ti mountain; and attacking Tian Ti mountain is attacking the heavenly court.”

“Thus, although there are many blessed lands on Tian Ti mountain, there has never been anyone who had the courage to attack it. Even this time, we waited for Hu Immortal blessed land to open before we ten Gu Immortals joined forces to enlarge the passage, with no intention of attacking.”

“Even if we really attacked Hu Immortal blessed land, the blessed land has a land spirit which would require at least three rank six Gu Immortals to join hands and even then they might not succeed. Moreover, the control area of the blessed land is being protected by Dang Hun mountain. Without five or six Gu Immortals cooperating earnestly, who would dare to say they can climb to the peak? Lei Tan, can you?”

Lei Tan snorted, he wanted to retort but kept quiet in the end.

In blessed lands, the land spirit could freely mobilize all the resources and their battle prowess could be compared to a Gu Immortal. The most important thing was that the land spirit could suppress rank one to rank five Gu worms.

If a Gu Immortal wanted to attack the blessed land, their most powerful weapon would be Immortal Gu because land spirits could not restrict Immortal Gu.

However, Immortal Gu were hard to find and many Gu Immortals did not even have one Immortal Gu. Even if they had, it might not necessarily be suited to attack.

This was the classic situation of low offense but high defense.

If they were set on attacking the blessed land, it would often require the cooperation of several Gu Immortals to create a numerical advantage, and then competing through the expenditure of immortal essence. Once the blessed land’s immortal essence was exhausted, they could start their attack.

However in truth, unless it was some special situation, Gu Immortals rarely attacked blessed lands.

Because it was really not worth it.

Not only was immortal essence precious and hard to accumulate, there was also the danger of the blessed land self-destructing.

In the case where the land spirit could not defend and chose to destroy the blessed land, the winds of assimilation would blow over and destroy everything, causing the attackers to have no gains.

When Gu Immortals attacked blessed lands, they would often gain nothing and instead suffer heavy losses. Unless it was a matter of deep hatred, nobody would agree to do such a transaction that only created loss.

Seeing that Lei Tan was keeping quiet, He Feng Yang continued: “That Fang Yuan ascended to the peak and got the inheritance, immediately commanding the land spirit to close the blessed land. Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng looks almost the same, the Gu Immortals of the other nine sects realized this and subconsciously thought this was our Immortal Crane Sect’s hidden move and questioned me one after another. At that time, I thought that if I were to say the truth, the Hu Immortal Inheritance’s belonging would be undecided once again as the ten sects would still compete and fight over it. Thus, I acknowledged it, and even if we had to pay such a price for it, we have eliminated the other nine great sects from the competition. Like this, we can secretly strategize about Hu Immortal blessed land without worrying about other forces.”

He Feng Yang explained the whole story, Lei Tan snorted and asked: “There is a big problem in this plan! Hu Immortal blessed land is on Tian Ti mountain and is also closed now, without attacking and creating a loophole, how can we enter?”

He Feng Yang laughed, it seems he already predicted this: “How could I not have any plans? Blessed lands face calamities and tribulations; Hu Immortal died during the fifth earthly calamity. I have already calculated the time, Hu Immortal blessed land will face the sixth earthly calamity in a year and three months’ time. Fang Yuan is only a mortal, how could he know how to resist the earthly calamity? Even with the help of the land spirit, without a sect’s support, the blessed land will suffer heavy damage at that time and a loophole will appear.”

Lei Tan scoffed: “Even if there is a loophole, do you dare to attack? Didn’t you say just before that Hu Immortal inheritance is on Tian Ti mountain!”

He Feng Yang instantly replied: “Forcefully attacking is a terrible move and we will only use it if all else fails. That Fang Yuan is only a mortal, as long as a loophole appears and we use some plans and schemes, is there a worry of failing to capture him? Hehe, once the earth calamity passes, he will definitely start worrying and thirst for external help. I have already planned it, first we use Fang Zheng and use the kinship to move and persuade him into cooperating for some transactions. As we make more transactions, his guard against us will naturally loosen, and using logic to persuade him, we might just convince him to join Immortal Crane Sect!”

“If he keeps on being stubborn, we can use some secret methods. Slavery Gu is one good method. There aren’t many ways to deal with the land spirit, but there are plenty of ways to deal with a mortal like him. If we can obtain fixed immortal travel Gu like this, then it is no doubt the perfect outcome.”

The elders present felt a rush of excitement at the mention of fixed immortal travel Gu. Many began to whisper and discuss with each other; the outcome He Feng Yang portrayed was truly beautiful. Most importantly, his plan had a chance of success.

Lei Tan could feel the change in the atmosphere as he sat down in anger: “You speak nice words, let’s hope it goes our way.”

Supreme third elder mumbled: “Besides special Gu like dream wings Gu that needs to be activated using the soul, most of the other Immortal Gu need immortal essence to activate, and this fixed immortal travel Gu is not an exception. This Fang Yuan has fixed immortal travel Gu and with the help of land spirit to use the blessed land’s immortal essence, he can escape any time he wishes. We need to be very careful to deal with him. Furthermore, there is one point to note, he is but a mortal yet he possesses an Immortal Gu, he should have a rather deep background.”

He Feng Yang nodded: “Junior has already thought of this point. Back then, when I claimed Fang Yuan was our sect’s disciple, I checked the reactions of the other nine sects. It seems that not one of the Central Continent’s nine sects are behind him. I am guessing, since Fang Yuan came from Southern Border, he is very likely to have a super clan of Southern Border behind him. But be it Wu clan, Shang clan, Tie clan, Yi clan or other super clans, they are all situated far at Southern Border and cannot help him here. If they were to enter Central Continent, their battle strength would be suppressed. Our Immortal Crane Sect is one of the ten great sects of Central Continent, we have a huge chance of winning against them.”

All the elders nodded at these words and started another round of soft discussions.

“Indeed, a mighty dragon cannot suppress the local snake.”

“Central continent is our Immortal Crane Sect’s territory!”

“If they were to make a move, hmph.”

“Even if their battle prowess was not suppressed, our Immortal Crane Sect is still stronger than any super groups of the four other regions by a mile.”

Third elder’s furrowed brows relaxed: “There is one doubt remaining. To use fixed immortal travel Gu, the user needs to have a vivid memory and clear understanding of the terrain he teleports to. Fang Yuan is only a mortal from the far away Southern Border, how could he know the scenery in Hu Immortal blessed land? And how could his timing be so precise? Could it be, Hu Immortal had once set an inheritance in Southern Border? Or it could be one of the tricks of Tian Ti mountain’s demonic path Gu Immortals?”

He Feng Yang bowed: “Junior is also not clear about this. This matter is strange, originally, there was only a clue about the blood sea inheritance. At that time, one of our sect disciples defected and fled to Southern Border. A few years ago, I sent Lord Sky Crane to Southern Border to clean up and trash and bring back the inheritance. But Lord Sky Crane failed and instead it was Fang Yuan who obtained the inheritance, gaining blood skull Gu. This kid is very ruthless and sinister, unexpectedly killing all his clansmen on the spot and used blood skull Gu to raise his aptitude. Lord Sky Crane was unresigned and brought back Fang Zheng for future plans to retrieve the Gu.

He Feng Yang naturally had never have expected a nobody to so outrageously disrupt his plan back then, causing such a huge problem for him.

This was a weird feeling.

It was as if person was walking on the road, when suddenly a small ant jumped on their nose and started scratching it.

Where did this ant come from? Such guts!

The person could just crush it with their finger but because of the peculiar situation, they were not able to catch the ant and could only let this ant feel triumphant for the time being.

“Not this blood sea inheritance again…” Hearing He Feng Yang narrate the whole story, the elders present frowned, their heart turned irritated.

Blood Sea inheritance came from a big shot of the demonic path, Blood Sea Ancestor.

He killed people like cutting grass and his infamy had gone down in history. With the might of a rank seven Gu Immortal, he had unexpectedly set up hundreds of thousands of inheritance sites that spread over Central Continent, Southern Border, Northern Plains, Western Desert and Eastern Sea.

Before his death, he had laughed and proclaimed: “Blood path is not lonely, my mark will remain for all eternity!

Now, just like he proclaimed, countless mortals had benefitted. Blood sea inheritance was already proclaimed as the most popular inheritance with the greatest number in the world. There was no competition! Countless righteous path figures were getting headaches because of it.

“Didn’t that Xue Tu who was only a butcher, become a famous demonic cultivator after obtaining blood sea inheritance?”

“Years ago, Myriad Dragon Dock’s Song Zi Xing obtained one of the true blood sea inheritances and defected his sect, causing great humiliation to our ten great sects. Now, he is already a rank seven Gu Immortal with the title ‘Blood Dragon’. To kill this defector and wipe away their humiliation, Myriad Dragon Dock dispatched eight Gu Immortals – five rank six and three rank seven. The result was he killed four of them, crippled three of them and beat one into retreating!”

“It is said that Blood Sea has nine true inheritances. They are: blood skull Gu, blood handprint Gu, blood qi Gu, blood sweat Gu, menses blood Gu, blood shadow Gu, blood battle Gu, as well as the ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat and finally, the rank six Immortal Gu blood deity. He was truly someone who achieved great success in blood path…”

“Speaking of which, four true inheritances of the Blood Sea Ancestor had already shown up. One is blood skull Gu which is with Fang Yuan. Another is blood handprint Gu which is with Southern Border’s current Shang clan leader. Violent blood dragon bat is with Song Zi Xing.”

“It is said that Shang clan leader has already obtained the second blood sea inheritance…”

“That is only an unconfirmed rumor, there is no evidence to conclude it.”

The elders whispered to one another.

“Alright, there is no need to talk about blood sea true inheritance. It is like searching for a needle in a haystack, all kinds of rumors are increasing day by day. My ears are already getting callus from hearing them.” Supreme Grand Elder waved his hand and immediately put a stop to the discussion.

He turned his gaze towards He Feng Yang: “Elder He Feng Yang, since you brought up this method, then you shall be in charge of it. If you are able to seize the blessed land and establish your merit, the sect will not be stingy in rewarding you.”

“Junior understands!” He Feng Yang accepted the order with a smile.

Seeing He Feng Yang gain such a lucrative task, Lei Tan felt stifled, but since it was Supreme Grand Elder who said so, he could only hide his hatred inside.

However, Supreme Grand Elder added: “Since you are in charge of it, then Elder Feng Yang, you should hand over your one’s own way Gu, right? In Feng Jiu Ge’s demand, he had asked for an Immortal Gu. You are the person in charge of this matter, so you should be the one to settle this.”

Lei Tan was immediately joyous.

He Feng Yang could only accept the order with a bitter smile.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 408: Fang Yuan regains consciousness 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.

All he saw before him was a blur pink color, as his vision gradually returned, he saw a thin silk curtain.

A light wind blew, the chimes rang, the light pink curtain slowly swayed, making it feel like a dream or illusion.

Fang Yuan slowly got up from his bed.

This round bed was extremely large, forty to fifty people could fit on it.

A silk blanket that was red on the bottom with golden rims was covering his body.

Fang Yuan looked around and found himself in a large bedroom.

There was a stove beside the bed, burning some incense. There was a fragrance that arouses people’s feelings in the air.

This room was made with golden brick walls, silver bricks were used on the ground. Beside the bed, the corners of the room, tables and chairs, dressing table, all of them had large amounts of pearls, agate, diamonds and all sorts of precious gems.

The room was grand and elegant, luxurious and glorious, the affluence of the previous owner was emanating in the room.

This was Hu Immortal’s Dang Hun Palace.

“It is a gentle home.” Fang Yuan commented lightly, getting down from his bed.

His body shook uncontrollably, as his brain was still dizzy.

Fang Yuan did not find it strange, instead he understood clearly — this was because he had forced himself too much back on San Cha mountain.

Bai Ning Bing’s betrayal, the pressure from the two factions, and he even had to scheme against the land spirit. First refining second aperture, then refine the fixed immortal travel Gu in the torrential light stream. The entire process was accompanied by the mental pressure of taking a risky gamble. To Fang Yuan, be it his body or mind, they had reached their limits.

When he used the fixed immortal travel Gu to arrive at Dang Hun Mountain, Feng Jin Huang and Fang Zheng were at their limits, but so was he.

Compared to them, Fang Yuan’s mental pressure was greater. Spring Autumn Cicada could no longer be used, and he had snatched the Hu Immortal Inheritance right in front of the ten sects’ Gu Immortals, he was trying to pull the teeth out of a tiger , like playing with fire, it was an extremely dangerous move!

Fang Yuan was the first to ascend the mountain, and the land spirit chased the other competitors away. After Fang Yuan officially became the blessed land’s owner, he ordered the land spirit to close the entire blessed land.

After instructing the land spirit with a few key points, Fang Yuan relaxed at a safe area, falling asleep instantly.

“Just how long did I sleep…” Fang Yuan shook his head, he still felt extremely tired, there was a sense of weakness coming from his soul.

At the same time, his ears were buzzing, as his brain could not think as quickly as normal. It was difficult to process questions in his head.

“Oh no, I injured my soul.” Fang Yuan’s heart sank, sensing his condition was not looking good.

The main reason was became of the Immortal Gu refinement.

Were Immortal Gu so easily to refine? Many Gu Immortals would suffer a backlash when making a mistake while attempting to do so, injured at best, death at worst.

Fang Yuan used a mortal’s body to refine an Immortal Gu. The main reason was because the recipe was good, originating from Ren Zu’s tales. Secondly, the materials used were appropriate, focused on the divine travel Gu, looking from another angle, it was simply converting divine travel Gu into fixed immortal travel Gu.

It was not like in Fang Yuan’s previous life, where he used a large number of mortal Gu to refine the Immortal Gu Spring Autumn Cicada. Turning from mortal to immortal, the difficulty was a hundred fold.

“Even so, the foundation of my soul was too weak and got injured. But thankfully, this is Dang Hun mountain…” Thinking so, Fang Yuan’s expression turned solemn, as he said lightly: “Where is the land spirit?”

Swoosh, Hu Immortal land spirit appeared before him.

“Master, you are finally awake.” Hu Immortal lowered her head, her face was red as she looked at her feet, speaking in a meek tone.

She had the appearance of a five to six year old girl, she was cute and young. With a colorful dress, and a snow-white fox tail behind her, swaying to express her unease.

“Master, when you were sleeping, I acted on my own accord and healed the injury on your left arm. I wanted to bring you clothes but what we have here are not your size.” Hu Immortal land spirit reported.

The clothes she mentioned was Hu Immortal’s clothing, they were women’s clothing, of course Fang Yuan could not fit in them.

Fang Yuan frowned: “Clothing is not important, how long have I slept? During this period, did any strong enemies attack the blessed land?”

Hu Immortal’s eyes were large and shining, blinking: “Master, during the seven days you were asleep, nobody attacked.”

“Oh?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone.

He did not know that Immortal Crane Sect’s He Feng Yang defended him, blocking the assault of the other nine sects.

But he understood somewhat why no Gu Immortals attacked the blessed land.

Hu Immortal blessed land was not like the three kings blessed land on San Cha mountain.

This blessed land was still very young, it had a land spirit and ample immortal essence storage, and even Dang Hun mountain as the core protection of the blessed land.

These three elements made Hu Immortal blessed land as secure as a fortress, most Gu Immortals had no way to force their way in.

How hard was it to attack this blessed land, Fang Yuan knew most clearly!

Five hundred years into his past life, he allied with almost ten demonic Gu Immortals, invading this place. Eventually, he had a narrow victory, only he and Song Zhong were left.

Song Zhong was the son of Song Zi Xing, a rising star of the demonic path, he has not been born yet.

“Back then, I was already a senior of the demonic path. Song Zhong inherited his father’s inheritance, gaining great strength and was able to fight with me for tens of rounds without a winner emerging, causing him to rise to fame from that battle.”

Thinking of his past life, being used as a stepping stone for this junior Song Zhong, Fang Yuan snickered continuously.

“Everything’s changed now. I’ll find a chance to kill Song Zi Xing, hehe, let’s see how you’ll come into this world.”

Song Zi Xing had one part of the blood sea inheritance, it was the ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat. This dragon bat is not a Gu worm, it can be captured and taken away.

“With the violent blood dragon bat, I will gain an endless number of blood bats. Manipulating blood bats was one of my greatest skill in my previous life. Of course, that is a plan for the future. Now, I have to rely on this blessed land to cultivate quickly, getting back to my Gu Immortal stage!”

Thinking so, Fang Yuan thought of an important question: “Land spirit, how long more till the next earthly calamity?”

“Master, I was about to inform you if you did not ask me. Right now, the blessed land has already endured five earthly calamities, the sixth is a year and three months away.” Hu Immortal’s voice was filled with anxiety and worry.

“What? A year and three months!” Fang Yuan jumped up from his bed, unable to sit any longer, his face turning grim.

Everything exists in balance, heaven is impartial. Strength comes with weakness, blessing comes with calamities. Blessed lands have calamities and tribulations, an earthly calamity every ten years, and a heavenly tribulation every hundred years.

Not mentioning the heavenly tribulation but just the earthly calamity; once it occurs, the might is overwhelming, often causing great disasters, if the blessed land cannot endure it, they will face destruction.

Fang Yuan had a blessed land in his previous life, he was extremely clear of the danger of his current situation!

To a blessed land, every earthly calamity is a strict test. Earthly calamities get stronger than the one before, Hu Immortal died in the fifth, and Fang Yuan was about to face the even stronger sixth calamity.

“There are only a year and three months left to the earthly calamity. Why was it not mentioned in Feng Jin Huang’s biography? That’s right, she is a disciple of Spirit Affinity House, her parents are both Gu Immortals, with their help, it is not hard to block the earthly calamity. But to me, this is a grave situation!”

The sixth calamity is coming too quickly, even with Fang Yuan’s experience, he would not have time to make ample preparations.

Other than that, he still had to guard against external enemies.

“Under everyone’s watchful eye, I snatched Hu Immortal blessed land, although the tens sects have not made a move, they are surely waiting to pounce on me. I understand now, the ten sects are waiting for the earthly calamity, and want to make use of it?”

Once the earthly calamity descends, the land spirit will have to face it with everything she had, she would not have time to take care of this master. Fang Yuan was still rank four upper stage, he was easy to target. Once he dies, the blessed land would be ownerless, and the land spirit will have to find a new master.

If the earthly calamity causes a huge loophole, Gu Masters outside would be able to enter at will. If the ten sects find trouble then, it would add on to his problems, and the situation would certainly turn deadly.

Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, because his soul was injured, it caused his head to hurt.

He rearranged his scattered thoughts, and breathed out deeply, deciding: “I’ll take a look at the situation, make the best preparations for this earthly calamity. If I fail, I will give up the blessed land and order it to self-destruct, not giving the righteous path any resources for free, then escape using fixed immortal travel Gu.”

Although the blessed land was good, how could it compare to his safety?

With such a thought, Fang Yuan called the land spirit to bring him outside, he needed to know more about the blessed land now.

“Yes.” Land spirit nodded obediently, but hesitantly added: “Master, you do not like clothes? Actually, wearing nice clothing would make one feel more energised, and you will feel happier too.”

Fang Yuan: “…”

The dresses in Dang Hun palace was not for Fang Yuan to wear. But he had stored some spare clothing inside the tusita flower.

After changing into a black robe, Fang Yuan followed the land spirit, going up on the stairs and reaching the mountain peak.

Dang Hun montain’s winds were very strong.

But land spirit waved her hand, and it turned into a soothing breeze.

“Master, this blessed land has 4000km2 of land. The flow of time is five times. The 4000km2 of land is mostly grassland, the grass is made up of blue degree grass, water chestnut grass, and six divine grass primarily, there are also seven treasure flowers and milk tea flowers etc.”

The land spirit introduced as she drew a virtual image, floating in the air for Fang Yuan to see.

In the image, there was a classic grassland, with all sorts of colors, like a grass carpet right before him.

The blue and poisonous blue degree grass, the chestnut shaped water chestnut grass, six divine grass which looked like six thin leaves with the feeling of jade. And also the seven colored seven treasure flower, the cup shaped milk tea flower filled with nectar that were like milk tea.

With these seven as the main, there were also a lot of weed and wild flowers.

Fang Yuan looked as he nodded.

Do not look down on these grass and flowers, they are cultivation resources.

These seven types of grass and flowers were Gu refinement ingredients. Some of the flowers and grass even has wild Gu worms. With 4000km2 worth of land, compared to Earth, that was one and a half Hong Kong added together. How many Gu would there be in total?

These wild Gu worms were extremely easy to catch. With just a command from Fang Yuan, the land spirit would be able to capture them intact and hand it over to Fang Yuan.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 409: Managing the Blessed Land 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan asked: “Then how many Gu are there in the blessed land now?”

The Hu Immortal land spirit raised her head by a bit: “At present, there are over eight hundred and sixty thousand rank one Gu, with about fifty-two types of them. Over a hundred and thirty thousand rank two Gu, with forty-eight types. Five thousand rank three Gu, with twelve types. Only over sixty rank four Gu, with eight types. And only one rank five Gu – fox skin Gu.”

After Hu Immortal died, her obsession did not disappear and combined with this land’s heavenly power to form into an unusual existence known as the land spirit. In some way, it could be said to be a continuation of her life.

Thus, the land spirit was the representative of this blessed land and was clear about everything in the blessed land.

As Fang Yuan had become the master of the blessed land now, everything in the blessed land was his.

Over eight hundred and sixty thousand rank one Gu, hundred and thirty thousand rank two Gu; these two combined meant nearly a million Gu worms!

Fang Yuan recalled the time in Qing Mao mountain, those days where he had to scheme and fight for two to three rank one and rank two Gu.

A blessed land could only be created by a Gu Immortal, it was the foundation of their wealth, a heavenly estate. Just this Hu Immortal Blessed Land alone could supply for a super clan. There would not be any problem to put five or six small-mid sized clans like Gu Yue clan here!

As for the Gu worms in the blessed land, their quantity sharply decreased at rank three. Rank four Gu worms did not reach hundred and there was only one rank five Gu.

This situation was also natural.

It was the same with Gu Masters.

Rank one and rank two Gu Masters were extremely common, rank three were already rare, rank four were even fewer, and only one or two rank five Gu Masters might appear among a million people.

This was a pyramid distribution; the quantity reduces the higher you go, and the ones who occupied the top were extremely few in numbers.

“This blessed land is still young and with appropriate managing, the quantity of the Gu worms will still increase. Reaching ten million rank one and two Gu will not be difficult. But whether I can raise them properly or not, it depends on the types and quantity of the rank four and rank five Gu.” Fang Yuan calculated.

Mortal Gu Masters would usually only raise five or six Gu, while Gu Immortals could raise a million or even ten million Gu worms. The difference between the two is as far as the clouds were from the mud.

These Gu being raised in Hu Immortal blessed land could only be considered passable.

On one hand, the numbers were little, being only about a million. On another hand, the Gu were not elites. From the introduction Fang Yuan got, they were all ordinary Gu. If they were changed to Gu like liquor worm or breath concealment Gu, their value would be much higher.

Even the rank five fox skin Gu was an extremely common defensive Gu; it was effective against wind and water path Gu worms, but was difficult to use in complex battlefield. Fang Yuan did not even take a look at it.

The thing that really moved him was the time in the blessed land.

Time flowed five times faster in Hu Immortal blessed land. That is to say, one day in the outside world would mean five days here.

This meant Fang Yuan’s cultivation speed would be five times faster in the blessed land! He could cultivate for a year and three months here when only three months would have passed in the outside world.

With this, Fang Yuan’s cultivation speed would surpass most Gu Masters and he would have greater initiative for his future plans.

Naturally, there was a huge disadvantage to this. Fang Yuan’s lifespan was only about a hundred years, thus with this, he would age five times faster as well.

The land spirit continued with the introduction: “At present, there are about a thousand groups of fox living here; red fox, golden fox, cloud fox, wind fox, autumn fox, flowing light fox, and so on. The three largest groups of foxes each has about eight hundred thousand foxes. Altogether, there are about four million and seven hundred thousand foxes.”

Fang Yuan quietly listened to it and nodded his head.

Three groups of myriad foxes meant three myriad beast kings. The development of the beasts in the blessed land had still not reached a level of creating a beast emperor.

The classification of beasts was simple. From low to high, they were hundred beast king, thousand beast king, myriad beast king and beast emperor.

For example, Ba Huang and Ying Ming of three kings inheritance were two beast emperors with battle strength that could match rank five Gu Masters; they were able to temporarily obstruct Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang’s advance.

“There are a lot of fox groups, but unfortunately they are all common foxes and not mutated beasts.” Fang Yuan inwardly evaluated.

Ordinary beast’s worth naturally could not compare with mutated beasts. Examples would be comparing boar and thunder boar; green bull and kunlun bull; wild dog and lion mastiff.

Above the mutated beasts were desolate beasts; above desolate beasts were ancient desolate beasts and immemorial desolate beasts.

Song Zi Xing’s violent blood dragon bat was an ancient desolate beast, one of the nine true inheritances of Ancestor Blood Sea. Immemorial desolate beasts were recorded in >, an example would be the nine-tailed fox.

“Raising a nine-tailed fox in Hu Immortal blessed land is but a dream. Even raising an ancient desolate beast is impossible. If it is ordinary desolate beasts like hurricane fox or phoenix wings fox, raising one or two of them could be feasible but it would greatly depend on luck.” Fang Yuan continued to consider.

Since he had obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, his plans after rebirth had reached a whole new level, thus he had to revise and modify them.

At this time, Jia clan’s internal strife should have already stirred like a wildfire and he would not be able to participate in it. He also could not participate in the great battle of Yi Tian mountain. Fang Yuan intended to make full use of this Hu Immortal blessed land and cultivate to the realm of Gu Immortal. This meant that he not only had to resist the continuous earthly calamities but also had to manage the blessed land.

Currently, the Gu worms were barely passable and the foxes might be ordinary but they had the potential to grow.

“Actually, there were a lot more fox groups in the blessed land. At least, three times more than the present. But the second earthly calamity caused a meteor fire rain that smashed the blessed land’s east area into ruins, burning hundreds of thousands of foxes to death; the dark flames of that time have not been extinguished even now. The fourth earthly calamity was a huge flood that submerged most of the grassland of the blessed land’s northern area, killing many more foxes. Thus, there are only this many remaining at present.” The land spirit pursed her pink lips, her eyes revealing fear and panic as she talked about the earth calamity.

At the same time, she waved her small hand and smoke flew to the air, showing the scenes of the eastern and northern parts of the blessed land.

Fang Yuan could see: The eastern part was a scene of ruin with dust and smoke pervading the whole place. There were meteoric craters all over the place, and black flames were burning around the craters. The flames burned without emitting the least bit of sound, but this manifested an even more terrifying aura.

And the northern part was a scene of vast clear water. Dark clouds rumbled in the air and rain fell endlessly. The surging water emitted bleak and gloomy sound. There were bits of grass and destroyed flowers, along with fox corpses floating on the water.

“These are the dark flame meteor and clouded white sea calamities.” Seeing such a bleak scene, Fang Yuan could not help feeling gloomy.

The might of an earthly calamity was extremely strong, moreover there were countless types of calamity, and were simply impossible to plan against.

Every ten years, the earthly calamity would pose a destructive threat towards the blessed land. Hu Immortal defended for five times before losing her life. And the devastation the previous earthly calamities left were still there and had not been cured.

This was a really bad news to Fang Yuan.

Hu Immortal Blessed Land has an area of 4000km2, but northern and eastern areas were gone, causing the loss of over 1300km2 of area. Such loss was truly disastrous.

“I must settle these two problems. Apart from anything else, a lot of Immortal Essence will be used in order to suppress the burning black flames and the spreading flood.” Fang Yuan mumbled in a soft voice.

However, following immediately, Hu Immortal land spirit mentioned an even worse news.

“Master, the biggest trouble is here. Look, this is what was left from the fifth earthly calamity.” She waved her hand and the image changed to show a different scene.

Fang Yuan saw a scene of scorched black prairie, and a human figure formed from blue lightning was sitting cross-legged on the ground.

It’s physique was not big and looked quite alluring, however it was formed purely from lightning. The glorious blue light let out an extremely terrifying might!

“Human shaped lightning, this is the earth calamity — blue charm lightning shadow!” Fang Yuan drew in a cold breath.

This human shaped lightning was one of the earth calamities; it was extremely strong and could match a rank six Gu Immortal!

Fang Yuan looked at this scene and immediately realized the killer that killed Hu Immortal was probably this blue charm lightning shadow!

Hu Immortal was an enslavement path Gu Master who controlled fox groups. Enslavement path was strong but also weak, and could very easily be subdued by beheading the leader tactics. Although there were many fox groups, they could not obstruct blue charm lightning shadow. In the end, Hu Immortal had to fight the lightning figure in close combat and lost her life.

“Damn it, how could there be this lightning shadow in this blessed land?” Fang Yuan’s expression turned extremely unsightly.

He had ways to slowly settle the previous two troubles. However, this human shaped lightning was already beyond his current ability.

“Master, you need to be careful when you roam around later, this human shaped lightning strolls randomly around the blessed land. Only Dang Hun Mountain, it dares not approach.” The land spirit’s pink and delicate face was bathed in the image of the blue lightning, her voice slightly shaky.

“This lightning is an earth calamity but is also a type of living thing. Since it is a living thing, it has a soul and thus if it approaches Dang Hun Mountain, its soul will receive shockwaves until it turns to ashes.” Fang Yuan had already settled his mind now.

“Maybe I can use Dang Hun Mountain to settle this lightning shadow? But how can I lure it?” Fang Yuan’s thoughts took a turn, however the next instant the buzzing noise echoed in his ears again.

He shook his head and did not continue thinking.

“Are there any other bad news, tell them all at once.” He gave a bitter smile and asked the land spirit.

The situation was much worse than what he imagined. Hu Immortal blessed land was in imminent crisis; whether it was the internal worries or external aggression, they were both very grave.

As for Feng Jin Huang – with Gu Immortal parents and also the help of Spirit Affinity House – she naturally did not need to worry about these things.

But Fang Yuan was just a lone force.

Naturally, there were benefits that only a lone force could have. In the biography of Feng Jin Huang, it was recorded Feng Jin Huang had to offer a large amount of resources to her sect after obtaining the blessed land.

The land spirit shook her small head. She had already reported the worst situations, remaining were all good news.

First of all, in the southern area of the blessed land lived a tribe of rockmen.

Rockman was a type of variant humans who lived underground and ate ore as food.

This news was an unexpected surprise to Fang Yuan.

Secondly, there was abundant immortal essence in Hu Immortal blessed land.

The land spirit brought Fang Yuan to the palace in Dang Hun Mountain. In the deepest parts of the palace was an enormous golden bowl which was filled with green immortal essence.

Besides the green liquid in the bowl, most of the Immortal Essence had automatically congealed into a ball. At first glance, it looked like a grape.

This was something only rank six Gu Immortals had — green grape immortal essence!

Each green grape immortal essence pearl contained immortal essence that was much more than the immortal essence in the three kings blessed land.

“With this immortal essence, there is still quite a bit of hope!” Fang Yuan finally breathed in relief.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 410 Dang Hun Mountain’s Gutstone 

Fang Yuan counted, the golden bowl had seventy-eight pieces of green grape immortal essence. Adding in the layer of blue-green immortal liquid essence at the bottom of the bowl, it amounted to seventy-eight pieces and a half.

There was ample immortal essence, a hundred times that of the three kings blessed land.

Fang Yuan took out one bead of green grape immortal essence, holding it in his hand, willing and summoning fixed immortal travel Gu.

Fixed immortal travel Gu was like jade, a meticulously crafted butterfly, it was brilliant and elegant, flying over smoothly.

Fang Yuan’s face paled as his body shook, cold sweat emerging on his body as his vision turned dark. If he was not holding onto the golden railing at the side, he would have fallen.

“Master, be careful. Your soul injury was severe, do not summon an Immortal Gu so carelessly, otherwise you would fall into another coma.” Little Hu Immortal shouted, her tone anxious and her expression concerned.

“No worry, I know.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, waving his hand as he spread his palm for fixed immortal travel Gu to land.

fixed immortal travel Gu sensed the green grape immortal essence’s aura and fluttered its wings, gliding in the air and landing in Fang Yuan’s palm.

Next, it laid down on the green grape immortal essence and slowly consumed it.

Fixed immortal travel’s name contained an “immortal” word, that was not for show. Its food was immortal essence.

A moment later, one green grape immortal essence was expended.

Gu Masters refine Gu, use Gu, and nurture Gu. After Fang Yuan succeeded in its refinement, he had not fed the fixed immortal travel Gu yet.

He slept for seven days and seven nights, the fixed immortal travel Gu was starving and its lustrous wings had dimmed.

This was Fang Yuan’s first feeding session for it.

After fixed immortal travel Gu had its fill, it spread its wings and flew in the air. The bright green light appeared again, like dust particles in the air, every time it flapped its wings, it would be a beautiful light show. The unique aura of an Immortal Gu continued to radiate.

“Immortal Gu are expensive to feed, fixed immortal travel Gu consumes an entire piece of immortal essence every time! But after this, I would not need to feed it for six years.”

The higher the rank of the Gu worm, the heavier the cost to feed it, but the interval between each feeding session would increase greatly as well.

Rank one and two Gu worms needed to be fed every few days. Rank four were fed one a few months. Rank five were fed every one or two years, and each time they ate, it would be extremely expensive.

Aftering feeding fixed immortal travel Gu, Fang Yuan left it alone to roam Dang Hun palace, as long as it did not leave Dang Hun mountain and get killed by that lightning shadow.

At this moment, Fang Yuan’s aperture was still rank four upper stage, it could not contain a perfectly healthy Immortal Gu.

The reason he could keep Spring Autumn Cicada was because it was too weak. Other than that, it was also his vital Gu.

Problems are classified into important and trivial, after understanding his situation, Fang Yuan confirmed that he was safe for the time being. After settling fixed immortal travel Gu’s matter, he had to fix his soul’s injury next.

“Let’s go, little Hu Immortal, go find the gutstones with me.”

“Yes!” Land spirit answered quickly: “Master, you should’ve done this long ago, come with me.”

Little Hu Immortal brought Fang Yuan to Dang Hun mountain.

The two moved on the uneven mountain rocks, Fang Yuan’s body was swaying, causing the land spirit to feel worried: “Master, shall I teleport you over?”

“Teleport for what? We have to save immortal essence!” Fang Yuan stared with wide eyes.

Little Hu Immortal stuck out her tongue, frightened by Fang Yuan’s words, thinking: This master is so domineering, even if he is injured, he is still so scary.

“Master, there is a gutstone here.” After walking for a while, land spirit stopped and pointed at a rock below her feet, shouting.

This stone was like a person’s gallstone, it grew on the mountain rocks, having mixed colors. If one did not look properly, they would think it was an ordinary stone.

Fang Yuan quickly walked over, squatting down and smashing this gutstone with his hand.

Once the stone shattered, a Gu flew out and turned into a grey eerie light, entering Fang Yuan’s body.

Fang Yuan felt his brain turning clear, a new type of strength had entered his soul, and the buzzing in his ears had lessened.

Dang Hun mountain could shook souls, it was the death grounds of all living beings. It was only because of the land spirit’s suppression that Fang Yuan could move around with ease.

But Dang Hun mountain was not a simple death ground.

The souls of living beings break into pieces on the mountain, scattering and fusing with the mountain. As time passes, gutstones are formed.

And in some gutstones, guts Gu are found, it could strengthen a person’s soul.

This is like how the resting place of a poisonous snake has the herbs to create an antidote. All living beings compete, and the world is fair; where there is life, there is death.

Dang Hun mountain might look like an absolute death ground, but a chance of survival was hidden in it.

But this guts Gu can only exist for an instant, after that, it would either disperse or be broken down by Dang Hun mountain again. Although the land spirit can suppress the mountain, the gutstones cannot be moved, they can only be used on the spot. Thus, Fang Yuan had to go there himself and walk around Dang Hun mountain.

After being rejuvenated by this guts Gu, Fang Yuan was like a thirsty traveller in the desert getting a mouthful of fresh water.

He continued on his way, and with this land spirit acting as a dutiful guide, they found another dozen gutstones, smashing them open one by one.

Thus, Fang Yuan gained another eight guts Gu to replenish his soul. Not only did his injuries heal completely, it even improved compared to before.

“Hahaha, with this Dang Hun mountain, I have a mountain of gutstones. As long as I continue to consume guts Gu, one day, the foundation of my soul will reach a stage where no one has ever gotten to!”

Standing at the mountain waist, Fang Yuan became spirited as he laughed loudly.

Hu Immortal was a lucky person, because of an opportunity, she managed to obtain Dang Hun mountain, like she won lottery, and moved it into her blessed land.

But she was an extremely unlucky person, dying during the fifth earthly calamity.

“If it was not for the blue charm lightning shadow, she would eventually become the strongest enslavement path expert! Unfortunately, Hu Immortal only had Dang Hun mountain, but did not manage to use it for herself. But fortunately, this Dang Hun mountain is mine now!”

The most valuable part of Hu Immortal blessed land was this Dang Hun mountain!

Of course, the soul could not be strengthened endlessly with guts Gu. Once the soul was not concentrated enough, using large numbers of guts Gu would cause it to over-inflate and trigger a certain-death disaster.

But Fang Yuan had his five hundred years of experience, all his ups and downs after rebirth, constantly struggling at death’s door, his soul was already tempered like steel!

Keeping calm at the face of death, a heart of ice at impending doom.

To Fang Yuan, a few hundred guts Gu was no problem at all.

There were a lot of benefits and implications in having a strong soul foundation. Be it refining Gu or enslaving beasts, it would make it much easier. Other than these, once the soul becomes stronger, Fang Yuan would not have to worry about killer moves like Mo Wu Tian’s purple eyes.

Dang Hun mountain is a forbidden ground, first appearing in >.

Legend says that Verdant Great Sun flew towards the sky, and ended plunging to his death.

Ren Zu, as his father, was extremely upset after receiving the news, finding wisdom Gu for an explanation.

It was wisdom Gu who taught Verdant Great Sun to drink, causing the series of events thereafter.

Wisdom Gu quickly said: “Ren Zu, oh Ren Zu, don’t find trouble with me. Although your son died, it is not impossible to revive him. As long as you enter the door of life and death, and lead him towards the road of life, walking under the sunlight, he would be revived.

Ren Zu was shocked, before becoming overjoyed, and then extremely furious.

He grabbed wisdom Gu and questioned: “Wisdom Gu, oh wisdom Gu, do you still think I am that ignorant boy from before? The door of life and death is a dangerous place, once I enter I will never be able to leave. After harming my son, you want to kill me too?”

Wisdom Gu quickly said: “Other living beings do not know the secret of the door of life and death, thus they cannot leave. But I can teach you all of these secrets.”

“You are a living person, to enter the door of life and death, you have to enter from the road of death. This road is extraordinary, it was the road left behind by destiny Gu when it left fairness Gu. The road left behind was called path of destiny. There are many suffering Gu inside the path of life, you have to enter from the road of death, and you need to own courage Gu. That way, you will not fear the torture of suffering.”

“When you enter the door of life and death, and see fairness Gu, you are already dead. But at the same time, you will see your eldest son, Verdant Great Sun’s soul. You will bring him away, and go out from another road, the road of life. Road of life was the path treaded on by destiny Gu when it visited fairness Gu, it is also called the path of destiny.”

“But during this path, you will meet three obstacles. One is Dang Hun mountain, another is called Luo Po valley, and lastly the reverse flow river. To climb past Dang Hun mountain, you have to smash the gutstones on it, and obtain guts Gu’s help. To get past Luo Po valley, you need to find faith Gu to help. To get through the reverse flow river, you have to move forward continuously, not stopping for even a second during the process.”

Ren Zu heard wisdom Gu’s words and let it go.

He quickly found faith Gu.

Ever since he became blind, faith Gu’s light was the only light he could see.

“Oh Ren Zu, I can feel your determination in getting back your eldest son. I am willing to help you, but I urge you not to give up on this goal. Because when you give up, I will leave you for good.” Faith Gu said with concern.

Ren Zu found courage Gu next.

Courage Gu and hope Gu were good companions.

Ren Zu had hope Gu, and thus saw courage Gu occasionally, he had a decent relationship with it.

After getting courage Gu’s help, Ren Zu came to the door of life and death, entering the road of death.

The road of death was pure darkness, the large number of suffering Gu were like yellow fireflies, swarming towards Ren Zu. At this time, courage Gu shone brightly, chasing away the suffering Gu for Ren Zu.

Courage was needed to face death.

Ren Zu succeeded in going down, his body turned whiter as it turned hollow, gradually turning into a ghost.

He could “see” again.

When he got to the end of the road, amidst the calm darkness, he saw fairness Gu.

He was extremely shocked by fairness Gu’s huge body, exclaiming: “You are fairness Gu? Why is your body so huge? A mountain is a speck of dust compared to you. The sea is like a droplet compared to you.”

Fairness Gu’s voice was grand: “Life and death are the greatest fairness in this world, when I am inside the door of life and death, my body will become enormous. Oh Ren Zu, you are here for your son right. Feel free to go, he is right there.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 411: Great Future Plans 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Ren Zu was overjoyed upon seeing his son and ran towards him.

Verdant Great Sun had turned into a white ghost and was lying beside a lake, scooping out the water with a bowl and drinking it.

The water was like wine with its fragrance pervading the area.

Verdant Great Sun drank it with utmost satisfaction.

“My son, don’t drink anymore. Come, let’s go back.” Ren Zu walked towards Verdant Great Sun and shouted.

“Esteemed father, how did you come here? This is great, let’s drink together.” Verdant Great Sun opened his hazy eyes and looked at Ren Zu.

Ren Zu seized the wine bowl from him and said with exasperation: “Don’t drink anymore, you only know how to drink wine! Everyone knows there is a bewitching lake in the land of the dead, and its water is the bewitching soup. When ghosts drink it, they become muddle-headed and lose the desire to leave.”

Verdant Great Sun, however, refuted: “Father, you are wrong. This is not the bewitching soup, it is the soul calming wine. It can calm down your soul and remove all the impurities; your soul will no longer be restless and you will experience utmost tranquility in your heart. This is one of the best quality wines in this world.”

“I don’t care what wine it is, you have to follow me back.” Ren Zu pulled Verdant Great Sun’s hand, but found Verdant Great Sun was as heavy as a mountain and could not be budged.

Verdant Great Sun shook his head: “Some people, upon death, will be as heavy as a mountain. Some people, upon death, will be light as a feather. Father, I had reputation Gu in my life and died after bathing in the light of glory. When I arrived here, my body had become heavier than a mountain, I cannot even walk a single step and can only lie down here.”

“What!” Ren Zu immediately felt gloomy and anxiously shouted, “I told you before, a tall tree attracts the wind, reputation is not always a good thing. Throw away the reputation Gu.”

Verdant Great Sun shook his head and sighed: “We were not born with fame and fortune, we also cannot take them with us after death. After I died, reputation Gu left me. It is fixed immortal travel Gu that has accompanied me.”

Fixed immortal travel Gu could bring Verdant Great Sun’s soul out of the door of life and death or even bring him to any place in the outside world.

However, Verdant Great Sun could only truly resurrect after walking through the path of life.

“What do we do now…” Ren Zu realized he had been played by wisdom Gu. Although he had arrived at the deepest part of the door of life and death — a death domain that had endless darkness, and has also found Verdant Great Sun, he discovered he could not bring back his son.

At this moment, fairness Gu spoke: “Oh Ren Zu, do you still not understand? There are only two paths in door of life and death, both appeared because of destiny Gu. Life and death is determined by destiny! All living beings live and thus die, this is the cycle that allows the universe to continue existing. Your eldest son Verdant Great Sun died, this is destiny and you should accept it. Moreover, he is living a good life here, obsession death domain is the world’s most tranquil place. He is drinking the world’s supreme quality wine and is free from all the worries of the outside world, do you know how blissful this is?”

Ren Zu stood there and looked at his flesh and blood for a while before heaving a deep sigh.

He knew he could not bring back his son’s soul, at least it was like that for now.

He bid farewell to the fairness Gu and also his son, and left the obsession death domain.

He stepped on another path this time; it was the path of life which went from darkness to light.

However, Ren Zu soon realized walking this path was countless times more difficult than when he walked in through the path of death.

There were many more suffering Gu on path of life than path of death. When Ren Zu had walked through the path of death, his journey became smoother along the way and the suffering Gu lesser the further he walked. But as he walked through the path of life, there was not only more suffering Gu, but every step he took would cause much more suffering Gu to fly over and obstruct him.

Courage Gu could not resist them any longer: “Ren Zu, there are too many suffering Gu and they will continue to increase. There is peace in death, but life has endless suffering. Go to Dang Hun mountain quickly and break some gutstones. If you want to survive, just relying on courage won’t be enough, you need guts too.”

Ren Zu hurried forward to Dang Hun mountain and picked the guts Gu while enduring the tremors in his soul.

With guts Gu’s help, his soul strengthened grealy, and although he still suffered the tremors, it was not of much worry.

He passed through Dang Hun mountain and arrived at Luo Po valley.

Luo Po valley was a maze with winding and twisted paths. Occasionally, there were a large area of bewilderment fog which could cause the soul to loosen; and occasionally, Luo Po wind would blow through and cut apart the soul.

Ren Zu had fallen into the lowest part of my life and could not distinguish the directions. Because his soul was strengthened by guts Gu, it was loosening in the bewilderment fog at a slower speed. The loosened soul was cut apart by the Luo Po wind.

Ren Zu almost completely lost his way, but fortunately at this time, faith Gu flew out and shone upon his path.

Ren Zu was able to walk out of the Luo Po valley with only the essence of his soul remaining.

He let out a huge breath of relief and could feel he was close to success.

He walked to the reverse flowing river, this was the final barrier in the path of life.

It was extremely difficult to move against the stream.

Endless suffering pushed upon him, causing him to make very slow progress.

However, he forcibly persevered and walked towards the light.

“Almost there.” He looked at the success that was just ahead of him, only one final step remained.

He let out a breath of turbid air and relaxed; forgetting the warning of the wisdom Gu, he stopped.

This brief pause caused Ren Zu to be washed away by the river.

Life was not easy, it was like a boat moving against the flow of the river, if you do not continue moving forward, you will be pushed back.

Ren Zu was washed away by the river into the depths of Luo Po valley, he was so tired he could not budge a bit and was trapped in the Luo Po valley.

 …

Fang Yuan broke the final guts stone and groaned in satisfaction.

Right now, he felt very comfortable. The heavy injuries in his soul were already completely recovered and moreover, his soul had even strengthened by five times!

A feeling of power burst out from the depths of his heart.

This feeling did not come from the strengthening of his physical body but from the vigor of his spirits. Fang Yuan had a feeling he could do anything easily, whether it was analyzing problems or doing multiple tasks.

“Unfortunately, there are only over a hundred gutstones on Dang Hun mountain and not all of them contained guts Gu.” Fang Yuan felt some regret.

When Hu Immortal obtained Dang Hun mountain, it had already changed hands several times and was completed looted.

Hu Immortal moved it to the blessed land and managed it for decades. Almost every year, she would send large amounts of foxes to their deaths at Dang Hun mountain. Using their soul to irrigate the mountain and create gutstones.

However, these gutstones were almost all used by the Hu Immortal. After she died, these over hundred gutstones had slowly grown over close to eight years and now were completely used by Fang Yuan.

According to the Hu Immortal land spirit’s description, close to ten thousand foxes needed to be sacrificed to grow a guts stone. The stronger the beast kings that died, the more gutstones would be produced.

Fang Yuan could not adopt this method.

When the blessed land was at its prime, it was inevitable and alright for Hu Immortal to do so. However, the blessed land was very weak now and the fox groups had decreased by a large amount. Killing these fox groups was not sensible for long term prospects.

With his soul injuries recovered, Fang Yuan started quietly thinking his future plans without relaxing the slightest bit.

Obtaining the Hu Immortal blessed land was no doubt a huge help to his plans, but at the same time also greatly affected his plans.

“Now, with Dang Hun mountain in my possession, my soul’s foundation can continue to strengthen. And from my previous life, I have experience and insight in controlling the blood bats, such enormous advantage should be used. Walking the enslavement path is an obvious choice now.”

“However, there is also a disadvantage in enslavement path in that the enslavement path Gu Masters can be easily assaulted and beheaded. So I cannot relax in my strength path cultivation as well!”

With this, Fang Yuan was going to walk on both strength and enslavement paths, organizing and feeding two sets of Gu worms.

If it was before, it would be difficult for Fang Yuan to do this. But now, with Hu Immortal blessed land, it would be no problem.

“The perfect outcome is to refine second aperture Gu. With second aperture, I could divide the sets of enslavement and strength path into different apertures without disturbing each other. At the same time, there would be enough primeval essence to control the two sets of Gu worms.”

At that time, with a wave of his hand, a huge army of beasts and insects would cover the sky and earth, creating a river of blood in a blink of an eye, creating destruction and mayhem.

If there was any foolish person who tried to use the tactic of beheading the leader, then Fang Yuan’s strength path cultivation would make them realize how cruel reality was and why flowers were red 1 !

Thinking of this, Fang Yuan took out the second aperture Gu from his aperture.

This Gu was like a peanut shell, shining with golden light, the patterns on its surface were scarlet veins of blood. This was the embryo form of the second aperture Gu, formed from combining false Gu and lifespan Gu; it could survive for forty years.

“There are enough immortal essence to truly refine the second aperture Gu, two third watch Gu can also be easily obtained, but I still require divine travel Gu.” Fang Yuan pondered.

Immortal Gu were unique, only one Immortal Gu of the same type could exist in the world. Divine travel Gu was already transformed into fixed immortal travel Gu and no longer existed now. This allowed a new divine travel Gu to appear in the world.

Moreover, there was an extraordinary advantage of divine travel Gu – it could be easily obtained. It was not like the other Immortal Gu that were so hard to capture.

The legends of Ren Zu had written it clearly; as long as one drank the four top quality wines of the world, divine travel Gu could condense into being in their body.

Apart from the wine brewed by the wild beasts and those that were naturally formed, human’s brewing techniques had flourished continually, and now the amount of top quality wines were much more than the ancient times.

Searching for the four top quality wines might be somewhat troublesome, but could be done by spending some time.

Fang Yuan had the blessed land and the assistance of the little Hu Immortal land spirit,

 But the main problem did not lie here.

Because divine travel Gu could be easily obtained, others could also easily take advantage of it. In case, someone else obtained divine travel Gu, no matter how much top quality wines Fang Yuan drank, he would not obtain the divine travel Gu.

“Southern Border’s Fei clan possess a top quality wine Zhuang Si Fei. Eastern Sea’s rank seven Gu Immortal Zui Xian Weng has created a sea of wine, concealing countless wines, and holds a wine reception every year. Northern Plain’s Imperial court has the long life wine. These great forces or maybe other Gu Immortals as well could be in possession of one or two top quality wine; their chances of obtaining divine travel Gu is much greater than mine.”

With this calculation, Fang Yuan not only had to resist the earthly calamity and manage the blessed land, he also had to quickly gather the four top quality wine and refine second aperture Gu.

“However, these are not all, the crucial point lies in Spring Autumn Cicada. Time is flowing five times faster here, Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery speed will also become extremely quick. Being able to rebirth three times is already an extremely good luck, I cannot gamble on luck the fourth time. Before Spring Autumn Cicada recovers, I need to have success at first attempt Gu, immediate success Gu, smooth success Gu or any of the others.”

Fang Yuan did not have enough strength before. Now, he had the blessed land and abundant resources, he could try to get these Gu already.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 412: I like your fear 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Hu Immortal blessed land, southern district.

“Yan Yong, Yan Yong, wake up quickly. Stop sleeping, you’ve slept for three years already!”

A voice woke Yan Yong up from his sleep.

A lump of grey stones with a mossy surface started to vibrate, as the tremors intensified, causing the dust to disperse. From the large oval stone, four limbs and a head appeared like the blossoming of a flower.

Next, a grey rockman stood up — Yan Yong woke up from his sleep.

“Grandpa?” Yan Yong opened his eyes, looking at the rockman who woke him up, it was his eight hundred year old grandpa, the leader of the Hui Shi tribe.

“Grandpa, why did you wake me up, I want to sleep for another two to three years.” Yan Yong sighed, begrudging.

Rockmen loved to sleep. When they sleep, the curled into a ball, forming a large oval stone. Each sleeping session lasts seven to eight years.

“Stop sleeping, my grandson, you are already a hundred and eighty years old. Your father died earlier, and I cannot live much longer. In a few decades, you will be our Hui Shi tribe’s new tribe leader.”

Rockmen have a long lifespan, generally a thousand years to live. Ordinary humans could barely live for a hundred years, but Yan Yong was a hundred and eighty, and had just reached adulthood.

“Grandpa, I do not want to be tribe leader. After becoming leader, I will not have time to sleep casually anymore.” Yan Yong pouted, but saw his grandpa staring angrily, and chose to shut up.

Hui Shi tribe leader chided: “Why haven’t you grown up? You slept for so many years in vain. Quickly pack up, and clean the moss off you, pull off all the weed that had grown on you. Bring the offerings with you and go with grandpa to the ground, we have to meet the immortal, we cannot be disrespectful!”

“Ah? It is time to pay offerings to the immortal again? But I remember there is still a year left.” Yan Yong said as he plucked the weed off him.

After sleeping for so many years, his armpits, his groin, and back all had lots of weed. Especially the black thread grass in his groin area, they were hard as steel and curly. Every time he plucked one, Yan Yong felt great pain.

“Sigh, there is a problem this time. The immortal changed, this immortal came not too long ago, he is calling for us.” Old clan leader sighed and said with worry.

“New male immortal? I hope he is easier to speak to than that female immortal. Maybe we can discuss with him, after all, we have to contribute so much offerings every ten years, it is taxing.”

“Mm, the other tribe leaders and I also have this thought.”

…

On a large altar made of green rocks, Fang Yuan wore his black robe as his long black hair was let down, sitting at the main seat staring at the people below with his deep dark pupils.

There were tens of rockmen kneeling below, among them, eight were rockmen leaders, two grey rockmen, three granite rockmen, one iron rockman, one green rockman, and one white rockman.

At the same time, there were offerings.

Large amounts of ore containing gold, silver, bronze, iron, as well as other gems and jewels, Gu worms etc.

All sorts of metallic elements would grow on the rockmen’s bodies as time passed. Fang Yuan looked at these offerings, understanding at once why Dang Hun palace was built so luxuriously.

If these were brought to Earth, they would be a huge asset, but here, their greatest use was to become Gu refinement materials.

Hu Immortal using these things as decoration was only her womanly love for beauty. If she could choose to exchange them for primeval stones, she would trade away all these gems and jewels without a second thought.

Among the offerings, the most valuable were Gu worms.

But these Gu were mostly rank one rock skin Gu, rank two monolith Gu. There was only one rank three Gu, stone aperture Gu.

Fang Yuan had once used this Gu, back then Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure on the aperture could not be relieved, thus when he was desperate, he used it.

The rockmen were skilled at digging, they lived deep underground. Their food was dirt, and sometimes when they dig underground, they would discover Gu worms.

“What did you say? You want to reduce the offerings?” Fang Yuan’s eyes squinted as he stood up, slowly walking down the stairs, coming towards the rockmen leaders.

The rockmen were tall and huge, even when they kneeled on the ground, their shoulders were still higher than Fang Yuan’s head.

“Esteemed lord immortal, our rockmen tribes have contributed so much offerings during these thirty years. During these years, the earth rumbled, the north area had floods, the east area had fires, life is difficult. These things that we managed to acquire are getting harder and harder to find. Immortal, please have mercy, and forgive our inability, reduce the offering amount by a bit.” The oldest rockmen tribe leader begged.

“That’s right, lord immortal, please reduce the offerings.”

“These years, we have been decreasing in numbers.”

“Immortal, please understand, we will never forget your kindness!”

The other rockmen leaders started saying.

“Reduce the offerings? Hehehe, of course you can! In fact, I can exempt you all from these offerings.” Fang Yuan smiled kindly and warmly.

The rockmen’s expression were joyous.

“But I have a condition.” Next, Fang Yuan said: “I need you all to dig a river, from the north, transport the water towards the east, to stop the fire from spreading.”

“What?!” Hearing this, the rockmen were shocked.

Quickly, they reacted, shouting loudly.

“Esteemed lord immortal, you cannot do this!”

“Digging a river from scratch, this is a huge project, we rockmen need sleep. Without sufficient sleep, we will die.”

“And there is a great fire and huge amounts of water. You ask us to go dig a river, but isn’t that asking us to go die?!”

At once, everyone flew into a rage. Many young rockmen were kneeling at one corner, but hearing this, they rushed over, staring at Fang Yuan vigilantly.

“Master.” Hu Immortal land spirit beside Fang Yuan saw this and she felt slightly worried.

The rockmen had a stubborn nature, they had foolhardiness, emphasizing their pride and would not accede to demands. When they are rash, they would even attack Demon Venerables or Immortal Venerables, regardless of who the other party is.

Hu Immortal was only to contain these rockmen because at the start, she had spent a lot of effort and gave them a lot of benefits.

“Master, these rockmen do not reason with people, asking them to offer these things was already their limit…” Little Hu Immortal sent her thoughts to Fang Yuan secretly, reminding him.

“Limit?” Fang Yuan scoffed, his mouth opening as he showed his bright white teeth, laughing ruthlessly: “You rockmen are too insolent, you dare to bargain with me? Hmph! The place you are living at is mine. The dirt you eat is mine. The spirit spring beside your tribe is also mine. You live here, you are my slave! I want to dig a new river, that is not a request, and not a transaction, it is an order!”

The rockmen heard this and they all stood up, looking furious.

“Immortal, you don’t know what’s good for you, you dare to look down on us rockmen!”

“Back then when we relocated here, it was because of a female immortal. But the environment here is getting worse, who would want to stay here anymore?”

“You want us to dig a river, that is asking us to die. Do you think we rockmen are fools?”

“We rockmen are born from heaven and earth, we will not be your slaves. Let’s go, relocate, I’ve had enough of this shitty place!”

The rockmen leaders shouted, falling out with Fang Yuan at once.

The followers they brought, the young rockmen all came forward, clenching their fists as they stared at Fang Yuan with a dangerous look.

“You want to leave? Hahaha.” Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed, like he had heard the funniest joke in the world. Next, he stopped laughing, looking at these rockmen coldly, his tone was chilly: “Where do you think this is? Come and go as you please? The old rules are no more, from today onwards, I am the greatest ruler, my words are heaven’s will! You will abide by my rules, even if you don’t want to!”

“Ahh!” Many young rockmen clenched their fists and howled.

“Immortal, you are trying to step over my tribe’s baseline!”

“Immortal, you might be strong, but we are not afraid.”

“We rockmen will never lower our heads to brute force, we are natural warriors, we fear no death!”

“Only love can make us dig out our hearts. Only warmth can make us lower our backs.”

Roar!

Fang Yuan pushed with his hand and a golden dragon flew out.

The golden dragon roared, killing the rockman that was screaming the loudest.

“Ah, he killed the granite rockmen’s old tribe leader!”

“Old tribe leader is dead, we have to get revenge!!”

“Even an immortal has to die under our tribe’s fury!”

Granite old tribe leader’s death was like the trigger, causing the rockmen’s anger to erupt.

The rockmen attacked Fang Yuan in waves, every step made a dent in the ground, as they gave off an impressive aura. Dozens of rockmen attacked together, giving off the disposition of a grand army of ten thousand.

From their bodies, numerous lights shone. There were also Gu worms inhibiting these rockmen’s bodies, they were activated through their will.

But a moment later, these lights vanished.

Little Hu Immortal struck, sealing all the Gu worms.

Fang Yuan snickered as he began his slaughter.

The rockmen were not afraid of death, but their strength was inferior to fang Yuan, they were all broken down into shards, dying a pathetic death.

But these rock fragments gathered like magnets, forming new rockmen.

“Kill!”

“Resist the tyranny, take revenge for father!!”

“We are born from heaven and earth, we die due to heaven and earth, thus we have no fear!”

Tiny rockmen charged over, and were all slaughtered by Fang Yuan.

But these rock fragments gathered into even smaller rockmen.

The number of these rockmen continued to shrink, but after they were formed, they charged towards Fang Yuan and shouted things like exacting revenge for their grandpa, father etc.

This was the way the rockmen reproduced. It was a male only race, after the old rockmen dies, the soul and rocks they split into will form new rockmen, and inherit a portion of the old rockmen’s memories, or some important experiences. In some cases, old rockmen sleep too much and their soul foundation accumulates to a degree, they would split out a portion of their bodies to form new tiny rockmen.

After Fang Yuan killed the third wave of rockmen, the world was finally silent once more.

Only one rockman remained, lying on the ground, shivering.

“What is your name?” Fang Yuan slowly walked towards him.

“My… my name is Yan… Yan Yong.” The young rockman stammered.

“Do you know why I left only you alive?” Fang Yuan stood on Yan Yong’s head.

“No… I do not know…”

“Because you are terrified. Because I like your fear and horror towards me.” Fang Yuan smiled warmly.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Three days later, a seriously injured Yan Yong returned to his tribe and woke up all the hibernating rockmen.

“A male immortal is here, he is a demon, he wanted to enslave all of us!”

“Not only this, he also wanted to take away the beautiful men of our rockmen tribe, to become his plaything.”

“We rockmen are born of nature, free and unfettered, how could we bow our backs to such lecherous authority?”

“We resisted at the spot. The immortal was too strong, but we rockmen were not afraid of sacrificing and fought him without fearing death; finally, we injured him and beat him into retreat.”

“The other tribesmen were all sacrificed and only I was able to return. I am dying but that immortal is still alive. Before he ran away, he said he will lead his fox army and annihilate all our rockmen tribes!”

Yan Yong weakly lamented, announcing a frightening information to his tribesmen.

The rockmen were shocked and afraid, grieving and also furious; some declared war, some wanted revenge, some mentioned migrating and some wanted to discuss.

They had become lost their bearings without a leader; whether it was the inheritor or the old tribe leader, they had all died at Fang Yuan’s hands. There were altogether eight tribes of rockmen and they had fallen into chaos now.

Some rockmen wanted to get the concrete details from Yan Yong, but Yan Yong’s injuries were too severe, and after informing them of this grievous news, he lost consciousness.

While they were still in the midst of discussing, just like Yan Yong said, waves after waves of fox groups started attacking rockmen tribes.

The rockmen resisted with all their strength, but there were way too many fox groups; the situation was gradually turning grave, the eight tribes had no choice but to ally and retreat underground to defend themselves.

However, the fox groups did not let them go and repeatedly attacked the underground. The fox groups paid a disastrous price every time they attacked, but they still came endlessly.

The rockmen cursed Fang Yuan, their hatred towards him were like a inferno that could not be extinguished. The situation became worse day by day and despair spread in the hearts of the rockmen.

However, right at this time, Yan Yong woke up.

Rockmen could recuperate from their injuries through sleep; his injuries had healed for the most part. He immediately led the rockmen and made beautiful counterattacks.

 “We rockmen are a courageous group with no fear of death!”

“Even the immortal cannot humiliate us!”

Yan Yong announced to everyone and raised their morale.

“Don’t think the immortal is strong, he is only a paper tiger and can only send these fox groups to their death, he is already injured.”

At the same time, he proclaimed the injuries of the immortal and gave hope to the rockmen.

The despairing rockmen tightly grabbed onto this hope like it was a straw that could save them as they were drowning.

Yan Yong changed the subject and talked about the old tribe leaders.

“He was injured by the combined efforts of the old tribe leaders, the sacrifice of the old tribe leaders is our greatest grief.”

“Especially the old white rock tribe leader, his life ended as he was in my arms, before he died he entrusted the whole tribe to me. I looked as his soul dispersed, and felt ashamed, why wasn’t it me who died, but him!” He beat his chest as he said this, appearing to be extremely sad.

Immediately, some rockmen persuaded: “Lord Yan Yong, don’t grieve. It is already very amazing you were able to survive and bring us the warning, even leading us towards victory.”

“That’s right, we iron rockmen all admire you.”

“Since the old tribe leader entrusted the tribe to you, then please lead us white rockmen.”

What rockmen liked was to sleep soundly and were not too obsessed with authority. Especially, at this juncture of life and death where they were living in anxiety, the rockmen hoped for a strong and brave rockman to lead them.

Thereupon, Yan Yong first inherited his tribe’s tribe leader position and then white rock tribe.

Over a month later, he got hold of the remaining tribes one after another, becoming the joint leader of the eight rockmen tribes.

Another half a month passed, he led the rockmen and drove out the fox groups, protecting his tribes.

“This is not enough. As long as the immortal doesn’t die, we have no future. The fox groups will regroup and attack our home again.”

“We can only attack, attack that immortal mountain and completely kill the immortal for a beautiful and peaceful life.”

Yan Yong immediately mentioned attacking Dang Hun mountain.

Some rockmen, however, seemed to hesitate.

“We have just suffered such a bitter battle, we just want to sleep now.”

“Our rockmen population has decreased greatly, we don’t have the strength to attack that demonic stronghold.”

“We have large numbers of offsprings born from this bitter battle, we need to raise them properly till they become adults.”

Yan Yong could only shift the topic to the old white rock tribe leader.

“My tribesmen, will I bring you to your deaths?”

“Attacking the immortal mountain was not my idea. It was a secret the old white rock tribe leader told me before his death.”

“He said this immortal mountain is the legendary Dang Hun mountain. Dang Hun mountain has gutstones, if our rockmen can obtain these gutstones, it can increase our strength and make our tribes stronger!”

The old white rock tribe leader was the oldest and the most experienced rockman. He was widely known by the rockmen as the sage.

With his ‘last words’ along with Yan Yong’s clear might, the rockmen were agitated and formed an expedition to attack Dang Hun mountain.

Fang Yuan had intentionally arranged some fox groups around Dang Hun mountain, forming a weak defensive line.

Yan Yong continually boosted the rockmen’s morale: “See, there is not much left of the demonic immortal’s fox army. We are already close to victory.”

The rockmen sang of victory and triumph along the way, charging toward Dang Hun mountain with uplifted morale.

At Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan appeared with a group of foxes and fought a ‘great battle’ with the rockmen.

Fang Yuan showed terrifying strength and killed many rockmen, causing all the rockmen to be terrified.

But at this moment, Yan Yong stood up and pointed to Fang Yuan’s injuries and his paper tiger ‘immortal essence’, and fought a ‘decisive battle’ with him.

The fox groups were eliminated, as Fang Yuan was ‘defeated’, forced to escape from Yan Yong’s assault.

“Wait till I come back after gathering immortal essence from the water and fire! That moment will be your end!” Before retreating, Fang Yuan shouted loudly with a malevolent expression.

Rockmen had rough physique and their movements were slow, and not being familiar with Dang Hun mountain’s terrain, they could only let Fang Yuan ‘escape’.

The rockmen worshipped Yan Yong for beating back the immortal and cheered victoriously.

“My tribesmen, now is not the time to cheer.” Yan Yong stood up, “We can’t stay on Dang Hun mountain for long, this is a demonic land. The old white rock tribe leader had told me, every year only during these few days, we rockmen can enter this place safely. We need to hurry and collect the gutstones here. Three days later, we need to leave this place!”

Their bodies were made of solid rock. There was a burden on their soul to hold up such a strong and firm body. If the rockmen moved too excessively, it could harm their soul.

Thus, rockmen would spend eighty percent of their whole life sleeping and nurturing their soul.

When the foundation of their soul was thick enough, it would leak out. This overflowing part of the soul would fall on a rock and form a new life. Rockmen tribes reproduce like this.

After the rockmen obtained the gutstones, the guts Gu could strengthen and expand their soul, causing the soul to overflow and form little rockmen.

Three days later, inside the mountain, in Dang Hun palace.

Yan Yong kneeled on the ground and reported with reverence and fear as he lowered his head and bowed: “Reporting to the immortal, with these three days of soul strengthening, our rockmen tribes have increased by six thousand little rockmen. Including us old tribesmen, the whole population has increased to three times the population before the battle!”

Fang Yuan was sitting grandly on the fluffy bed and looked down at Yan Yong.

“Good, with this, your rockmen have enough manpower to start the river construction. Next, you remember what to do, right? Or do you need me to tell you again?”

Yan Yong promptly replied: “Supreme immortal, I did not dare to forget your words and have engraved them in my mind.”

“Good.” Fang Yuan nodded indifferently, “I will give you three months of time to dig a great river that cuts across the eastern and northern areas.”

“Ah, three months?” Yan Yong was stupefied, “Mighty immortal, us rockmen need sleep to nurture our souls. If we move excessively, we will tire ourselves to death. The great river is so long, and with only three months of time, we would have not be able to have any rest. If we work like this, our rockmen tribes will probably die out.”

“Hehehe, you won’t die completely. I have already calculated, there will be over two hundred rockmen remaining.” Fang Yuan laughed.

Yan Yong felt a chill in his body. There were ten thousand rockmen now, but there would only be over two hundred after the project. How terrifying of a sacrifice was this?

“Three months later, I want to see a great river! If I don’t see it, I will tell the truth to your tribesmen before I kill you. Now roll away.” Fang Yuan’s tone was cold and unfeeling.

Yan Yong’s body trembled all over hearing this demonic threat.

He had a very deep fear towards Fang Yuan and did not dare to retort, his body curled up into a ball and surprising, he really rolled away.

“Master, we paid a huge price back then to bring in these rockmen.” The little Hu Immortal land spirit tactfully persuaded, she could not endure seeing such a huge amount of rockmen dying like this.

“Don’t worry, the rockmen has still a great use to me. And isn’t it easy to increase their population?” Fang Yuan leaned on a chair with his eyes squinting as he took out a burial soul toad from his aperture.

Burial soul toad was a rank four Gu used to store things. It was one of the Gu worms left by the Hu Immortal.

It was palm sized big and was grey color. There were small warts all over its back and its large eyes flashed with weird and gloomy green light.

It could only store souls and its belly would inflate as it sucked in the souls.

Fang Yuan used this to collect the souls of the rockmen who died in the battle with the fox groups.

Now, this soul burial toad’s belly was deflated. The souls that were inside it before were placed on Dang Hun mountain by Fang Yuan to breed new gutstones.

Fang Yuan used a part of the gutstones to make his soul six times stronger than that of a normal person.

And the remaining gutstones were given to the rockmen tribes.

The rockmen had no idea, the strengthening of their souls was all due to the death of their companions.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 414: Conscience of those in power 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Yan Yong got out of Dang Hun palace, after getting through some twisted and dark tunnels, he arrived on Dang Hun mountain.

After seeing the crystal pink mountain, Yan Yong blew out a breath of turbid air, his fear and pressure had decreased greatly after leaving Fang Yuan.

After moving on the mountain for a while, he was finally discovered by his tribemates.

“Oh, our great and honorable leader, our hero, you are here!” Some rockmen cheered.

“Please let me kiss your foot, to express my adoration of you.” A few rockmen kneeled on the ground.

“Big hero, big hero! Your courage is greater than heaven, your guts is thicker than the earth.” Some tiny rockmen formed into groups and shouted loudly.

Yan Yong laughed, no one knew how bitter he felt.

The cheers he heard were extremely joyous, there were many tribesmen around him, gathering together, but he felt extremely lonely at this point.

He looked at these tribesmen, these smiling rockmen, they were all going to die three months later. Dying of exhaustion after digging the river. But what could he do?

From what the other rockmen saw, Dang Hun mountain’s victory was glorious, it was worth celebrating. But only he knew, this was only a game manipulated in the dark by that immortal.

The cruel and chilling truth made him understand clearly that the sacrifice of those rockmen, and this difficult victory, it was so laughably pathetic, they were powerless.

He led his tribesmen and gained more victories, but at the same time his fear towards Fang Yuan grew.

“That immortal, he is a demon! His heart is harder and colder than us rockmen, his strength is greater than the weight of the mountains. I am so weak, what can I do? Resistance means death. I admit my cowardice, I am really afraid of dying. I have not slept enough, I am only a hundred and eighty years old.”

The moment Yan Yong thought about Fang Yuan’s appearance, his heart was filled with terror.

His lingering bit of conscience was torturing him.

He knew: he was about to send his tribesmen to death personally. He was being grilled by his conscience, every praise from his tribesmen was like a whip, causing his heart to be full of pain and scars.

“Our esteemed, beloved tribe leader, you are finally back! Everyone’s waiting.” The rockmen gave way to Yan Yong, as he walked unobstructed towards higher ground.

“My tribesmen, these three days, our tribe has grown by many times. Our conquest has gotten us glorious results. But such victory is insufficient. Are you all willing to continue following me, towards a brighter future?” Yan Yong looked down at his tribesmen and shouted loudly.

The rockmen used the loudest cheer they could muster to express their hundred and twenty percent support towards Yan Yong.

Yan Yong nodded, he had expected such an outcome.

Among the rockmen, there were no outliers or knowledgeable old rockmen. During the few intense battles, they had “gloriously” sacrificed themselves.

The remaining rockmen were all newborn, they had a simple mind. As for the remaining old rockmen, they were all hardcore supporters of Yan Yong, his loyal worshippers.

Yan Yong patiently waited for the cheers to stop before continuing: “These three days, I had been considering — how do we deal with the escaped immortal. Immortals have immortal essence, thus they are able to control the fox army, and have terrifying strength. He must have retreated to the lake at the north area, or hid in east area’s fire pit. We cannot allow him to recover.”

“Tribe leader is right!”

“Tribe leader is too smart, we cannot allow that evil immortal to recover his immortal essence.”

“When that accursed demon recovers his strength, he will definitely find trouble with us rockmen!”

“But what do we do now? The lake and fire pit are both dangerous areas. Even us rockmen cannot last long there. And these two areas are so wide, who knows where the immortal escaped to.”

Everyone was speaking as the scene turned noisy.

Yan Yong interrupted everyone’s discussions, shouting: “That’s why, I thought of the only solution. We will use soil to fill the fire pit and lake, that way, the immortal will be unable to recover his immortal essence!”

“Oh god, that is an insane idea!” At once, some rockmen shouted.

“My great tribe leader, the lake is so wide, it causes people to stare in amazement. The fire pit has a fatal temperature, how can we use soil to fill it? That is impossible.” An old rockmen immediately argued.

Yan Yong stared at this old rockmen deeply, remembering him to heart.

This rockmen dared to question him, it showed that his idolization was not deep enough, thus he shall get the heaviest and toughest job later, working to death.

At this time, another old rockmen said: “We cannot do this forcefully, I have a solution. Maybe we can dig out a river and direct the lake water to the fire pit, using water to neutralize fire, that will be easier.”

Yan Yong’s killing intent rose even more.

This old rockmen was very intelligent, he was a bigger threat than the old rockmen who rebuked him.

He immediately decided in this heart, he was going to send this old rockmen to a defense mission. He shall be killed by the fox army, this threat has to be eliminated!

Yan Yong praised this old man plainly, shouting: “That is exactly my idea, we have to dig a river and direct the water over to end the fire. The immortal will have no place to recover immortal essence! Actually, white stone old tribe leader taught me before dying, he said that the water at the north and the fire at the east were all done by that evil male immortal. That is the source of his power, just like how we rockmen eat soil.”

“So white stone old tribe leader predicted this.”

“White stone old tribe leader, as expected of our philosopher.”

“White stone old tribe leader was already nine hundred and ninety-eight years old, of course he knew a lot.”

All the rockmen nodded, expressing their agreement with white stone old tribe leader, but also felt deep pity and anguish towards his death.

Rockmen sleep for a long time, they have little interaction with each other. This sense of distance and mystery caused the deceased white stone old tribe leader’s knowledge to feel extremely profound.

Using a phrase from Earth, if white stone old tribe leader could hear this in the afterlife, he might jump out of his coffin in anger.

But unfortunately, he was completely killed by Fang Yuan, his soul was not spared, broken down on Dang Hun mountain by Fang Yuan. The essence landed on the mountain, forming a gutstone.

Whether this gustone was smashed by a rockmen, or Fang Yuan himself, that would be an eternal mystery.

After discussing, the rockmen agreed that Yan Yong should be the leader, overseeing the digging to connect the water and fire.

Fang Yuan hid in the background, looking at this scene secretly. After seeing the finalized plan, he ordered little Hu Immortal.

The land spirit released a trace of Dang Hun mountain’s power, and the rockmen felt their soul tremble, they got very dizzy. Many young rockmen fainted on the spot.

“Oh no, let’s hurry and get out. Dang Hun mountain is going to attack!” Yan Yong said, as he left his tribesmen away from Dang Hun mountain.

They did not return to their original home, but instead got to the north and east area in a grand fashion.

In Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan looked expressionlessly at these leaving rockmen using the smoke cloud.

“Master, have you heard of the story of the rockmen?” Little Hu Immortal’s tail was swaying as she spoke meekly.

Fang Yuan laughed lightly: “You want to urge me to use soft tactics with the rockmen?”

“Master is so smart.” Little Hu Immortal’s large eyes were shining.

“Heh, it seems you are not too familiar with this. Often, the power of fear and hatred surpasses gratitude greatly.

Back then, when Fang Yuan found out that there was a group of rockmen, he was overjoyed.

The rockmen lived underground, they ate soil as food and were skilled at digging. A large ground of rockmen could even build and underground city deep in the ground.

Rockmen could excavate resources for the blessed land’s owner, they were excellent slaves. Many Gu Immortals want to buy rockmen and move them into their own blessed land.

For Hu Immortal blessed land, because of Dang Hun mountain, and provided it had enough souls, just one rockman can use the gutstones to breed into a large clan.

Fang Yuan could use this to mass produce rockmen and engage in slave trade with other Gu Immortals.

Back then, Hu Immortal brought all these rockmen in with the same intentions.

It was true, rockmen only succumbed to soft tactics. Most of the rockmen were stubborn and tough, warrior not afraid to die. Thus, many Gu Immortals have to use kindness and benefits to slowly use these rockmen and maximise their worth.

Hu Immortal used such a method.

But Fang Yuan did not adopt this.

It was too gentle.

He wanted squeeze them dry, to gain the most benefits!

This world’s competition is so cruel, not only did man compete with each other, they also had to deal with disasters and calamities, who knows how many heroes had fallen to floods.

So what if you are a Gu Immortal?

If you did not arm yourself and make use of every resource you had to strengthen yourself, Hu Immortal’s demise would be the best example.

A demonic path member has to make the best of his time, considering even the small bit of benefit, taking whatever he can and make himself stronger!

“Anyone in power has to understand: Rules, laws, friendship and morals, these are all tools to squeeze out benefits. Leniency and conscience, cruelty and hatred, they are all the same.” Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.

After wasting so much time with the rockmen, there were only seven months left to the sixth calamity.

The lake at the north, fire pit at the east, they were all scars left by previous calamities, weak spots of the blessed land. When earthly calamities occur, they would be the weakest link.

A team is only as strong as its weakest player. The weight a chain can hold up depends on the most fragile section.

“So what if I am hated, detested, and scolded by countless people?”

“If this world was so simple such that hatred, loathe, and curses work, why would I still need strength?”

The most important thing was digging the river as soon as possible, to help the blessed land recover as much as it could, it did not matter how many rockmen died in the process. Since Dang Hun mountain was here, he just had to capture a few souls and there would be an uncountable number of rockmen produced!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 415: For tomorrow! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Rumble rumble…

Explosions went off one after another, as dust and smoke rose into the air.

This was the site of the river digging project.

The rockmen ate soil as food, many of the Gu worms on the rockmen’s bodies can be used.

“Lord tribe leader, we cannot continue like this! Yesterday, three tribesmen died from exhaustion, they had a pitiful death, not even leaving behind a single offspring.”

An elderly rockmen kneeled before Yan Yong as he cried.

Once a rockman dies of exhaustion, their soul will dissipate, they will die for real, there will not be any young rockmen formed from their remaining soul.

Yan Yong slammed his chest, howling: “Why would I not know? Why would I not know? Heroes have sacrificed for our tribe again! For the bright future of our tribe, for a beautiful tomorrow, they contributed their lives!”

“But precisely so, we cannot slow down. Since the start of the excavation, we have faced many attacks from the fox army. The size of the fox group is getting larger, evidently that accursed male immortal is regaining his immortal essence! We have to continue and work hard, digging the river so that he loses his source of power!”

Old rockman was stunned: “But tribe leader…”

“You are a good rockman, you think for our tribe, I understand that. These heroes will not die in vain. Look there, I have already made heroic gravestones for them. Their children and descendants will remember them, and feel gratitude for the sacrifices made.” Yan Yong pointed at the gravestones erected, there was a large number of them.

The old rockman looked at the gravestones, sighing.

Once the death of the rockmen appeared, the new tribe leader Yan Yong immediately ordered people to build these gravestones.

The low morale was immediately raised, although everyday, countless rockmen die of exhaustion, they were still in high spirits.

“They are dead, what is the use of these gravestones?” The old rockman was one of the few left who understood the situation, he felt deeply worried.

“Oh leader.” He bitterly urged: “Us rockmen have to reproduce as well. These rockmen who die of exhaustion will not even have their souls left, they cannot leave behind descendants.”

Yan Yong’s expression remained unchanged, not saying a word.

A young rockman beside him started grumbling: “You old man, are you afraid of dying!”

Old rockman immediately retorted: “Young man, how can you say that? Yes, I am old, but I am a rockman, how can a rockman be afraid of dying?”

“Since you are not afraid to die, why are you talking so much?”

“That’s right. We are making contributions to the tribe!”

“What’s the matter? We are making a small sacrifice for the bigger good.”

Beside Yan Yong, a group of young rockmen started arguing.

“Old senior, if you feel tired, take a rest first. It is not a problem, my time is limited, I have to go to the other areas to inspect the progress.” Yan Yong patted this old rockman’s shoulder as he walked away, continuing on his inspection.

A group of young rockmen followed behind Yan Yong, talking among themselves, expressing their disdain for that old rockman.

Being despised by these juniors, the old rockman felt very depressed, smoke was coming out of his ears.

He wanted to rebuke them loudly, but he saw all the gravestones near the construction area, with all sorts of words carved on them.

“We have to do this at all cost!”

“As long as we are united, within three days, we will complete the river!”

“The bigger our courage, the more we can achieve.”

“To build a beautiful future for our rockmen tribe!”

“Long live tribe leader Yan Yong!”

“For the bright future of the rockmen, we contribute our lives, we contribute our youth!”

The crazed atmosphere engulfed the rockmen’s hearts. Even those rockmen who died from exhaustion showed a smile before they died.

Old rockman wanted to speak, but his mouth opened many times and did not manage to say a word.

He kneeled on the spot in a daze for a long while, until suddenly, he lifted his fist and slammed the ground heavily.

Bam, it was a heavy sound.

The old rockman stood up slowly, silently moving his aged body towards the construction ground.

Yan Yong rushed to the next site.

The river channel was already starting to form, large numbers of adult rockmen were digging in the channel. Beside them, the physically weaker young rockmen formed into patrolling groups. Some were inspecting the river digging, some were carving slogans, some were making heroic gravestones.

These young rockmen were called rock guards, formed by Yan Yong personally.

“Reporting to tribe leader!” Fix to six young rockmen went to Yan Yong and reported the results of these few days of labor.

“Reporting to great leader, we have dug another 25km in this segment!”

“Reporting to great leader, we have unfortunately sacrificed a hundred and twenty tribesmen, they are all heroes of our tribe!”

“Reporting to great leader, we actually found three tribesmen sleeping on the job. This is a disgrace to our tribe, we have to criticize them!”

“Very good, very good, you have all done well! Remember, you have to erect gravestones for our deceased heroes. At the same time, tie up those disgraceful rockmen and criticize them up public, let them learn courage from humiliation.” Yan Yong spoke caringly.

“Understood!”

“You are all the future of our tribe, seeing you all is like seeing the bright future of our tribe. You have to continue working hard.” Yan Yong praised.

The young rockmen were extremely spurred on, their bodies were trembling.

“Everything for the rockmen tribe!”

“Our esteemed and beloved leader, you are our symbol of pride!”

“We unite by your side, walking towards a bright and meaningful future!!”

They growled one after another, showing a fanatic gaze.

But Yan Yong avoided eye contact with them, these young rockmen’s enthusiasm made him fearful.

He looked at a faraway place.

There, all the different segments of the river were being excavated, Yan Yong could see many rockmen looking down at the yellow soil while lowering their thick backs.

The river channel was tens of meters wide, segment after segment, a long line showed up in his vision.

This was a majestic project!

Every time Yan Yong saw this sene, his heart palpitated — as long as they are united, the rockmen tribe’s strength was overwhelming, it could change the world!

But when Yan Yong thought of Fang Yuan, that terrifying demon, his heart felt a strong chill that turned his enthusiasm into a frozen river.

Be it the fox groups outside, the slogans on the stone boards, or the rock guards he created, they were all a part of the demon’s plot.

With so many methods, he forcefully reduced the rockmen tribe’s resistance to the minimum.

Yan Yong was the one who created this scenario personally, seeing the formation of the river, his fear towards Fang Yuan became greater and greater.

That male immortal not only had terrifying strength, what truly caused despair was that scheming and devious mind of his, making him seem like an unpredictable abyss.

Yan Yong felt himself sinking into purgatory.

He was meek like an ant, while behind him, Fang Yuan giant figure was staring down at him.

He was like a corpse, a puppet, the strings that controlled him was in the hands of Fang Yuan.

Everyday, he saw his tribesmen die, his heart hurt like a dagger was stabbing it.

Seeing the enthusiasm of his tribesmen, dying to dig the river, he felt a pitiful grief.

“If possible, I would rather not know the truth. Maybe, continuing to live in this lie is true bliss?”

Yan Yong retracted his gaze, waving his hand and bringing the young rockmen towards the next river segment.

…

“This is the last estrus Gu, go.”

Primeval essence had already been injected, as Fang Yuan flicked his finger and shot the green bean looking Gu into the air.

Estrus Gu exploded, turning into pink powder as it rained down on the fox group below.

The entire fox group breathed in this powder, and immediately stirred.

Very soon, numerous male foxes sprawled on the female foxes’ backs, moving vigorously as they injected their life essence into the female fox’s body.

The fox gestation varied. For example, golden fox took two months to give birth once. Every time, there were three to four foxes. As for desolate beasts like three-tail fox, even a hundred years was not enough to nurture their fetus.

Normally, the stronger the beast, the longer it takes for one gestation.

But right now in Hu Immortal blessed land, the fox groups were ordinary, they had a short gestation period.

Ever since the rockmen started digging the river until the process became smooth, Fang Yuan had been using estrus Gu everyday, creating new foxes and strengthening the fox army.

Hu Immortal did not have an Immortal Gu, during the fifth earthly calamity, she was killed by blue charm lightning shadow, thus her set of enslavement path Gu worms were not spared.

But within Dang Hun mountain, she left behind a number of Gu worms.

For example, assistance type Gu like burial soul toad, or expenditure type Gu like estrus Gu, as well as some spare Gu worms for the enslavement path, most were fox enslavement Gu.

To quickly increase his strength, Fang Yuan already used up most of these Gu worms.

The fox group had increased in numbers by several times after his hard work.

Although the foxes were omnivores, the blessed land could not sustain such a large number. In less than two years, a lot of foxes would be unable to find food and die of starvation.

But Fang Yuan could not care less, his whole mind was on enduring the sixth earthly calamity now.

A few months passed quickly.

A river connected the north and east.

The overflowing lake flowed along the river channel, moving quickly with ripples splashing.

Swish swish…

The great flood flowed into the fire pit, as the two forces clashed, river water evaporated and turned to steam, rising into the air.

After the river water calmed down, almost half the black flames were doused. Only three burning areas remained at the edges.

This way, fire and water wiped each other out, the north area’s flood was alleviated, and the ground surfaced once more.

Large amounts of water flowed along the river and filled tens of pits, forming many lakes.

Even though the north area was still full of mud, and the east area was a burnt land without any living plants, the fusion of fire and water had created something like a scab on a bleeding wound.

As long as time passed, the east and north areas will eventually regain their vitality.

Under Fang Yuan’s instructions, Yan Yong brought the injured and tired hundred or so rockmen back to their homes at the south area.

“Master, what do we do with these clouds?” Little Hu Immortal looked at the sky, the thick clouds made her feel helpless.

Even though it rained many times already, a lot of water vapor was still in the air, forming into clouds.

These clouds blocked the natural light, causing the east area to be shrouded in darkness, it made people feel irritated.

The blessed land did not have sunlight or wind. These clouds would heavily affect the lives of the east area’s inhabitants.

“Ignore them.” Fang Yuan looked at the sea of clouds and retracted his gaze.

The appearance of the clouds was expected, it was a minor detail. What is truly important, is the sixth earthly calamity!

If the blessed land survives this, he would slowly settle the issue about the clouds. If it fails to make it, then there is no point in thinking about it.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 416: Enduring the Earthly Calamity (1/2) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Several months later.

In Hu Immortal blessed land, the fox groups gathered into an army and surrounded Dang Hun mountain tightly.

Fang Yuan stood with his arms behind his back at the peak of the mountain and looked at the sky with a solemn expression.

Time passed mercilessly, today was the day of the sixth earthly calamity!

Even though Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal in his previous life, he still felt uneasy facing an earthly calamity.

Every earthly calamity increases in intensity compared to the previous one, it was a cruel trial that decided the life and death of the Gu Immortals and their blessed land. Fang Yuan took over the blessed land when there was only a year and three months left.

This time was truly short, he could only prepare with his best efforts. Digging a river and alleviating the water and fire crisis was one, nurturing foxes and increasing their numbers was two. Holding onto fixed immortal travel Gu and being prepared to retreat was the third preparation.

As for the clouds in the sky, as well as the blue charm lightning shadow at the west area, he had no way of dealing with them.

The mild wind gradually stopped. High up in the sky, clouds were rumbling and a lump of light was forming..

“It’s coming.” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk as he muttered.

In the cloud sea, the lump light burst out, forming a great white round door, facing the blessed land directly.

The light was glaring and dazzling, as a brown-yellow colored large monster descended from the light door like a large rock.

“Looking at this scene, is this the desolate beast calamity?!” Fang Yuan squinted and stared without blinking.

The giant rock continued to descend silently.

Fang Yuan could not help but lick his dry lips as his heart sank.

There were countless types of earthly calamities, among them were the desolate beast calamity.

In the blessed land, one or multiple desolate beasts will appear, charging towards the blessed land’s central control area, wreaking havoc and causing destruction to the blessed land.

If they were not exterminated in time, even a large blessed land would be destroyed and reduced to ashes.

“Damn it, it is a desolate beast, I just hope there is no Immortal Gu on this desolate beast!” Fang Yuan cursed in his heart.

If desolate beasts had Immortal Gu on them, their battle strength would surpass Gu Immortals!

This mysterious desolate beast landed on the ground in a light manner contrary to its giant size.

Looking from afar, it looked like a slightly flat giant rock.

But Fang Yuan could tell from the images that this large rock was only a brown-yellow exoskeleton glowing with a golden lustre. There were thick layers of mud on the shell armor.

Just as Fang Yuan was guessing what sort of creature it was, a large pair of cheliped, like two bronze poles, stretched out from the shell.

Next, nine pairs of chelipeds stretched out from two sides, landing on the ground, raising the heavy body off the ground.

“Swamp crab!” Seeing this, Fang Yuan spoke immediately, recognising the true identity of this desolate beast.

This was a large crab, with a body that was the size of a mountain. When its body was lifted, the height could reach a quarter of Dang Hun mountain.

Its first pair of chelipeds was more fearsome than steel poles, a pair of pincers that could break mountain rocks or cut a flood dragon in half!

Its remaining eighteen chelipeds, although thinner than the first pair, they were still thicker than hundred year old trees.

There were large numbers of Gu worms on its body, most would be water and earth path Gu worms. Rarely, it could even contain an entire set of Gu worms.

“Thankfully, Hu Immortal blessed land has ample immortal essence!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, feeling glad in his heart.

Earlier when the swamp crab appeared, the land spirit already struck, using the heavenly power to restrict its Gu worms.

All rank one to five Gu worms could not display their abilities.

The most important point was, this desolate beast had no Immortal Gu. If it did, then the question would be what Immortal Gu that was.

Immortal Gu were unique, surpassing the laws of the mortal realm; blessed lands could not restrict them.

The existence of an Immortal Gu was the most important element in this battle!

The swamp crab fully stretched its limbs and started slowly moving towards Dang Hun mountain.

Fang Yuan willed and moved his troops quickly. Large numbers of foxes all over the mountain, rushed like the tides towards the desolate beast.

In moments, they encircled the swamp crab.

Their claws and teeth scratched the swamp crab’s legs, and the physically tougher golden foxes directly crashed into it.

But the swamp crab was huge like a mountain and continued moving forward. The ordinary fox groups could not stop it, instead they were stomped into meat paste.

Fang Yuan’s expression was cruel as he directed the foxes to continue giving up their lives.

He bred so many of them, they were meant to be used as disposable pieces. Damage accumulates; any amount of damage they could deal counted.

But the swamp crab gave off an unstoppable momentum as it advanced without halting a single step. Like a moving mountain, it did not care about the foxes below.

All sorts of attacks landed on the swamp crab’s body, like a beautiful display of fireworks.

These were the attacks of the hundred, thousand and myriad beast kings of the foxes. They had all sorts of Gu worms.

Under the strength of all the Gu, the mud on swamp crab’s body was all blown away.

This giant crab, for the first time, stopped its movement.

It opened its mouth and spewed out large amounts of mud. At the same time, from its stomach, yellow mud spewed out like a waterfall.

The mud landed on the grass and formed a swamp.

From the mud, weird looking crabs stood up. Some had large sizes, ferocious like a tiger. Some had sharp thin needle like pincers. Some had claw-like legs, having quick speed.

In the blink of an eye, a crab army that numbered to a million formed.

“It is the swamp crab indeed! It can breed at any time and place, creating numerous smaller crabs and forming an army.” Fang Yuan’s expression turned darker.

The fox groups were fighting against the crab army, engaging in fierce combat.

The number of foxes continued to decrease. The crab army’s deaths were much greater than the fox group, but the desolate beast continued to give birth, and there was an endless number of crabs.

Fang Yuan quickly instructed the fox groups hiding outside the mountain to return.

“Thankfully, I expended my estrus Gu and bred a large number of foxes, otherwise, my total force would not be enough!”

In just this short period, Fang Yuan felt dizzy.

He directed an insanely large number of foxes, and even though his soul was six times as strong as a normal person, it could not take this pressure.

With the crab army paving the way, the swamp crab continued moving forward, regaining its former speed.

The legs on its body moved one after another, like fingers playing on a piano, with a rhythmic beauty.

But an intense battle was going on below it; blood flowed into river, corpses piled into a hill, and every piece of land was tainted with blood.

The swamp crab did not differentiate enemies from allies, every time its legs landed on the ground, there would be a fountain of blood squirting all over the place. When the crab raised its leg, there would be foxes’ crushed bodies and broken crab carcasses in the deep pit on the ground.

This desolate beast’s body was so large, and honestly speaking, it did not move quickly.

But because of this, it was able to create an immense mental pressure; seeing it moving unhindered, Fang Yuan felt that a grim reaper’s scythe was hanging over his neck.

“Damn it!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.

This desolate beast before him was the King of the Swamp. Its body was covered in hard shell, it had lurked deep within the swamp for many years, even its eyes had vanished due to de-evolution, it had no weaknesses left.

Fang Yuan manipulated the fox groups to hold it back, but it was no use.

He could only watch helplessly as the swamp crab got closer!

“Can you teleport it away?” Fang Yuan turned his head, asking the little Hu Immortal land spirit.

Different Gu Immortals gave birth to different blessed lands, and the land spirit’s abilities also varied. Some land spirits could teleport others, like Ba Gui from three kings blessed land, while some could not. Some land spirits could summon rain and wind, and some could manipulate the flow of time freely.

“Let me try.” Little Hu Immortal breathed roughly as she felt an intense mental pressure. She activated the immortal essence, and used all her strength until her cute tiny face turned red.

“Ahhh ahhh!’ She shouted in a childish way.

With a swoosh, the giant swamp crab vanished on the spot and was teleported about nine thousand steps away.

“We succeeded!” Little Hu Immortal’s face was red as she gasped.

Fang Yuan relaxed slightly.

“Ma… master, I just expended one bead of green grape immortal essence.” Little Hu Immortal reported painfully.

“No matter.” Fang Yuan’s expression was cold as he continued to order the foxes to attack the swamp crab.

After five minutes, the swamp crab got close again. Land spirit teleported it away once again.

And thus, another green grape immortal essence was expended.

Little Hu Immortal felt immense pity at this waste, and Fang Yuan’s heart was bleeding.

In the entire Hu Immortal blessed land, there were only seventy-eight beads of green grape immortal essence. Fang Yuan used one to feed fixed immortal travel Gu. Now he used another two to teleport this swamp crab.

He still had to use the immortal essence to refine Gu and manage the entire blessed land in the future.

There were many areas in which immortal essence were needed, but because Hu Immortal died already, these green grape immortal essence could not be replenished, every single bead used was one less left for the future.

Some crabs got through unguarded areas and charged up the mountain.

Fang Yuan snorted coldly at this and ordered the land spirit to unleash the might of Dan Hun mountain.

At once, the area the crab army walked on became a death domain. Numerous crabs died, lying on the ground with their bodies intact. Their souls, however, were completely destroyed, creating a peculiar scene.

“Unfortunately, Dang Hun mountain’s power is to continuously pressure the soul, but the desolate beast’s soul is strong and can last for a while. I cannot let it reach Dang Hun mountain and destroy this precious forbidden ground.”

Fang Yuan did not participate in battle.

Even if he used his strength path Gu worms, he would not be able to break its shell.

Most importantly, the swamp crab had not used an Immortal Gu yet, Fang Yuan was uncertain if it had one or not.

The unknown was the greatest threat, Fang Yuan did not dare to strike rashly.

Soon, the swamp crab came again. Just as it was teleported away for the third time, little Hu Immortal’s expression changed.

Not waiting for Fang Yuan’s reaction, she stretched her hand to grab his arm, and they both vanished on the spot.

The next moment, a fierce lightning bolt landed on the area they were standing.

Boom!

With a thunderous sound, mountain rocks shattered.

The lightning paused for a moment before shooting back up.

It turned into a human-shaped lightning and emitted a loud growl.

This was the blue charm lightning shadow!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 417: Enduring the Earth Calamity (2/2) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Blue charm lightning shadow held its head and screamed in pain. The blue lightning flashed around without any target and only settled down after a long while.

Clearly, the lightning figure had suffered injuries in its soul when it entered Dang Hun mountain.

Inside Dang Hun Palace, Fang Yuan’s face became ashen as he looked at the scene in the smoke.

If it was not for the land spirit’s prompt teleportation just before, he might have been dead already.

Little Hu Immortal patted her chest, her face pale and showing lingering fear.

When it rains, it pours . The blue charm lightning shadow joining the battle no doubt made things worse!

Blue charm lightning shadow flew into a rage after its sneak attack did not succeed and started to collide continuously into Dang Hun mountain.

Every time it collided with Dang Hun mountain, there would be tremors in Dang Hun Palace. Soil and stones flew from the impact and large scorched pits were created from the attacks on the mountain; Fang Yuan felt his heart bleed at this scene.

This was Dang Hun mountain!

In this entire world, there was only one of it!

Fortunately, blue charm lightning shadow stopped its attacks after dozens of collisions. Its soul had received considerable damage and the lightning around it was becoming very disorderly. It did not dare to attack again.

During this time, the land spirit had teleported the swamp crab another two times. In total, they had wasted five beads of green grape immortal essence on it!

And the originally endless fox army was already at the brink of extinction.

What made Little Hu Immortal even more discouraged was that this desolate beast only had small wounds and was still moving forward stably like before. It was like an indestructible bone!

Whether it was blue charm lightning shadow or swamp crab, they both had one target; destroying the central area, expending the immortal essence and killing the land spirit. Their final target was to destroy the whole blessed land.

They were on the same faction and did not have any conflicts, instead they cooperated.

While Fang Yuan and the land spirit were having a headache due to this swamp crab, the blue charm lightning shadow gave up on Dang Hun mountain and changed its target to the blessed land itself.

It did not dare to collide against Dang Hun mountain anymore, so it began attacking the sky and the earth of this blessed land.

It destroyed everything it saw and created craters everywhere. Sky crumbled and showed scars like that of a broken mirror.

Fang Yuan felt deep helplessness.

“Not good! Master, there is a hole in the blessed land!” Little Hu Immortal spoke hurriedly.

Blue charm lightning shadow’s attacks shattered the world and created a hole.

“Cut away the surrounding area around the hole.” Fang Yuan spoke indifferently, his tone cold as ice.

“What?” Little Hu Immortal opened her eyes wide and gave a cry of surprise.

If they cut off the area like this, they would not be able to restore it.

The holes in blessed lands could be repaired with immortal essence. If the holes were not patched in time and were allowed to enlarge, they would form a passage to the outside world.

Once there was a passage, those Gu Immortals outside the blessed land would absolutely charge in and make all kinds of schemes; at that time, the situation would be even more out of hand.

There were demonic path Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain.

Righteous path Gu Immortals did not dare to attack because they had a lot of businesses and assets. However, demonic path has no lack of demented people, they were lone forces and liked to take risks. In any case, Fang Yuan had done this a lot in his previous life.

Under Fang Yuan’s order, Little Hu Immortal repeatedly cut off nearby half a square kilometer of the blessed land.

Blue charm lightning shadow continually destroyed the world and created holes, while the land spirit continually cut them off.

The swamp crab charged towards Dang Hun mountain again and again; the land spirit had no choice but to teleport it time after time, the amount of green grape primeval essence consumed already reached thirteen beads.

” Sob sob , the blessed land has become smaller and so much immortal essence has been lost….” Tears started falling out of Little Hu Immortal’s eyes as she sobbed.

“Don’t cry!” Fang Yuan coldly shouted, his expression ashen.

“There is no point in delaying. Our only hope is to kill these two calamities! But I don’t have an attack type Immortal Gu, and it would be difficult to see any results from attacking the swamp crab with rank five Gu in a short time. My only option now is to gamble!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and revealed a crazed determination.

Desolate beasts were very strong, just by relying on their majestic physique and their fierce recovery ability, they could ignore most rank five Gu.

Especially this swamp crab; it had a strong defense and was upper-tier even among the desolate beasts. Fang Yuan had a lot of rank five Gu; turn gold Gu, soft bones Gu, pitch black Gu and so on, but using them against swamp crab would be like throwing pebbles in the lake; they could only create slight ripples. They needed to attack continuously for a slight bit of results.

However, Fang Yuan was unable to activate these Gu and participate in the offense.

If he left the mountain, he could meet with blue charm lightning shadow’s attacks. He could give the Gu worms to the land spirit to use, but he did not dare to take the risk.

Land spirits could also die, and if it was destroyed by blue charm lightning shadow, then Fang Yuan would have no means to even activate fixed immortal travel Gu.

Only Immortal Gu could change the situation.

Fang Yuan might have two Immortal Gu, but both did not have offensive abilities.

“Don’t teleport it anymore, let this damned swamp crab attack Dang Hun mountain!” Fang Yuan said resolutely and commanded the land spirit, “Release the whole might of Dang Hun mountain!”

Ringgggggggg!

Dang Hun mountain had been restricted by Little Hu Immortal the whole time, and right now, as it was finally let loose, dense fog started rising over the whole mountain. An enormous and formless soul shaking power burst out of the mountain, spreading as far as three thousand steps and eradicating everything in its surroundings.

Only Dang Hun Palace – under the land spirit’s control – was intact.

The giant swamp crab soon got close to Dang Hun mountain.

Under the power of Dang Hun mountain, its sturdy shell was unable to provide any defensive support. Its soul received fierce attacks, causing its movements to slow down.

However, this made it go berserk and it increased its speed by another fold, charging towards Dang Hun mountain.

Bam!

The enormous pincers heavily smashed on Dang Hun mountain like steel clamps.

The sturdy boulders were as fragile as flour as they were smashed by the attack, holes forming from the impact.

The huge crater was at least 0.6 acres wide. Smoke and dust flew all around and the entire Dang Hun Palace also shook from the tremors.

The land spirit Little Hu Immortal’s face paled from shock. Dang Hun Palace kept on shaking, dust started falling from the roof and there were fierce cracks on the walls and pillars.

Suddenly, Little Hu Immortal let out a tragic shout: “Not good! That blue charm lightning shadow has already moved towards the north and is openly destroying the sky and earth, creating many holes.”

The image in front of Fang Yuan changed and showed the scene of blue charm lightning shadow attacking the world and creating holes.

The blessed land’s eastern and northern parts had been corroded by the remnant force of the earth calamities, and were weaker than other areas. The blue charm lightning shadow saw these weak points and started attacking them.

“Fortunately, we had settled the water and fire, otherwise the result of blue charm lightning shadow’s destruction would be ten times more severe! Master, what should we do?” Little Hu Immortal was feeling at a loss.

The situation had turned to an extremely terrible state.

The swamp crab was like a steel hammer directly pounding the heart and continuously depleting immortal essence while also wrecking Dang Hun mountain.

And blue charm lightning shadow was like an extremely sinister poison. It purposely searched for the weak points of the blessed land and stabbed at them. Every hole it created was like a fresh wound to the blessed land.

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with an ominous glint.

The situation was turning more critical, but it instead aroused his fighting spirit!

“Land spirit, every time you teleport the swamp crab, send it away by three thousand steps!”

“Yes!”

With the distance shortened, the immortal essence expenditure was also comparatively less. And Dang Hun mountain’s soul shaking power worked within three thousand steps, creating injuries to the swamp crab’s soul.

“Land spirit, cut off the whole northern area!” Fang Yuan gave another command.

“What?!” Little Hu Immortal was stupefied and almost did not dare to believe her ears.

Hu Immortal blessed land’s northern area was over 600km2, and Fang Yuan wanted to give up the whole region?

Once they cut off the area, Hu Immortal blessed land would lose this territory forever!

This was definitely a huge sacrifice by Fang Yuan! Hu Immortal blessed land had altogether 4000km2 of land and he was cutting off one-sixth of it!

“Master, this… this…” Little Hu Immortal hesitated.

“Do as I say!” Fang Yuan’s gaze was fixed on the image in front of him as he shouted in a stern voice.

Little Hu Immortal’s pink lips puckered and her eyes were filled with tears. The tears fell down and she started crying loudly.

Land spirits were the representatives of the blessed land; cutting off a part of the blessed land was the same as cutting their own flesh. And abandoning the whole northern area was like a person cutting off one of their legs.

“Master, don’t, don’t do it!” Little Hu Immortal cried loudly and begged.

However, Fang Yuan’s expression was ruthless and did not make the slightest compromise.

Master’s orders could not be violated, Little Hu Immortal could only endure the pain and cut off the whole northern area!

That blue charm lightning shadow was currently in the center of the northern area, destroying the world and creating holes. It suddenly felt something wrong and immediately moved, trying to charge out of the northern area.

However, because of 5km of distance, it could not escape and was trapped in the northern area.

It let out a mournful and sharp screech, its tone full of indignance. However, that bit of distance determined its fate, the blue charm lightning shadow could only follow the evaporation of the northern area and land in the outside world.

“Success!” Fang Yuan almost shouted in joy at this scene.

If it were normal times where the blue charm lightning shadow had no injuries in its soul, it could absolutely react in time. If not for its crazed attacks towards the world, expending its energy and causing its speed to fall, it could absolutely escape.

At the critical moment, Fang Yuan endured the pain and made a minor sacrifice to protect his bigger interests, finally settling this calamity!

As to what calamities it would create at the outside world, that was not part of Fang Yuan’s consideration.

Bam Bam Bam…

The whole Dang Hun mountain was still shaking, the desolate beast swamp crab’s soul was very strong and forcefully withstood the pressure, continuously attacking Dang Hun mountain.

The nearer it got to Dang Hun mountain, the stronger the soul shaking power became.

Little Hu Immortal teleported the swamp crab away time and again.

Right now, it was a battle of foundation between the two sides.

If the desolate beast’s soul foundation was strong and it overthrew Dang Hun mountain, it would be Fang Yuan’s defeat. Conversely, if Dang Hun mountain did not fall, it would be the earthly calamity’s defeat.

Bam Bam…

Dang Hun palace’s pillars crumbled and the beams of the roofs snapped. Dust and dirt flew everywhere, accompanied by Little Hu Immortal’s whimpering cries.

Fang Yuan was silently standing with a cold expression.

“Strength, I need more strength!” He clenched his fists and let out an indignant scream in his mind.

Why was it that despite growing so much, he was still so weak when facing heaven and earth, when facing fate?

“Then continue to grow, continue to become stronger, stronger, and even stronger!”

As he screamed silently, the swamp crab’s movements were gradually slowing down and eventually it collapsed at the waist of Dang Hun mountain… dead.

After an arduous process, the sixth earthly calamity was finally over.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 418: Losses and Gains 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan walked out of Dang Hun palace.

The pink crystal mountain had holes everywhere, broken rocks were scattered on the ground showing a pitiful sight. Fresh red blood, yellow murky mud, fox and crab corpses mixed together.

The desolate beast swamp crab’s humongous body was pressing on Dang Hun mountain’s mountain waist. It was like a small mountain, extremely eye catching.

The mild wind blew on Fang Yuan’s black hair, as his eerie black eyes stared at the battlefield.

The pungent smell of blood entered Fang Yuan’s nostrils.

Closely behind him, little Hu Immortal land spirit’s eyes were red, as there were tears on her face. She reported while sniffing.

“Master, we suffered immense losses. We lost about 666km2 of land, and we only have sixty-eight beads of the immortal essence left. Our fox army of four million and seven hundred thousand has fallen to three hundred and ten thousand. As for Gu worms, we lost around seven hundred thousand of them.”

Hu Immortal managed her blessed land for so many years, after this calamity, the entire blessed land lost about forty years of development.

But Fang Yuan did not think so.

His expression was tired, but his gaze could not hide the happiness in his heart.

He survived this earthly calamity. It was an obstacle, now that he survived it, Fang Yuan had time to recuperate.

He had ample time to deal with the seventh earthly calamity.

“Stop crying, the blessed land is safe, that means our hope is safe too. Dang Hun mountain did not collapse, thus we have the resources to start over. Although we lost some land, in the short run, we cannot make use of that land anyway, it will not hinder our development.”

Fang Yuan patted the land spirit’s head, consoling: “Look, not long later, Dang Hun mountain will be full of gutstones, and we will control another group of rockmen. Most importantly, that blue charm lightning shadow was exiled, now, we can develop without any worries. Hu Immortal blessed land will definitely flourish again!”

This battle was intense and tragic, there were countless foxes and crabs who died near Dang Hun mountain. At the same time, swamp crab’s soul was smashed into bits by the mountain’s vibrations, absorbed into Dang Hun mountain.

In the near future, not too long away, large numbers of gutstones will appear on Dang Hun mountain unceasingly.

“Master’s words… makes sense.” Little Hu Immortal stopped crying and thought about it clearly, it seems he made sense.

The earthly calamity was like a trial, Hu Immortal blessed land got through it, there was not only great losses, but also great gains.

“What a pity, there were many Gu worms living in this swamp crab, but now Dang Hun mountain killed them all.” Little Hu Immortal pouted, staring at this swamp crab’s corpse angrily.

“Rejoice, this desolate beast did not have an Immortal Gu, otherwise, we might not be standing here.” Fang Yuan sighed deeply.

This was the luckiest part of this ordeal.

One crucial Immortal Gu with overwhelming ability can easily overturn the entire situation.

Even if this swamp crab had an Immortal Gu, and was killed by Fang Yuan, how Fang Yuan would catching this Immortal Gu was also a huge problem.

Maybe this wild Immortal Gu might replace the blue charm lightning shadow and become the next great threat to Hu Immortal blessed land.

Fang Yuan was satisfied enough to have survived this earthly calamity.

After all, he was only a rank four upper stage mortal Gu Master, yet he managed to kill a desolate beast that was a problem even for Gu Immortals.

“Land spirit, clean up the battlefield. Preserve the corpse of the swamp crab well, I am going to rest.” Fang Yuan looked around once more before relaxing, immediately feeling strong fatigue.

He commanded over a million foxes, his soul and mind was overused, he needed sleep immediately.

“Okay.” Little Hu Immortal answered quickly as she looked at the swamp crab’s shell with glowing eyes.

Every desolate beast was a moving treasure.

The blood, fur, bones, intestines in its body were great Gu refinement material.

“You accursed crab, I will tear you apart!” Little Hu Immortal raised her chin as her mouth opened, showing her small canine teeth, angrily walking towards the swamp crab while muttering to herself.

…

Fang Yuan had an extremely enjoyable sleep.

Three days later, he woke up, and laid on the bed, not wanting to move at all.

This time, he really relaxed his body and mind.

The sixth earthly calamity was over, Fang Yuan earned a lot of time for himself, he could finally catch a breath.

Ever since his rebirth, he had been plotting and resisting, especially on San Cha mountain, he overexerted himself thinking of the ways to get out of his predicament.

Now, he finally protected the blessed land. To Fang Yuan, this was a safe and stable place.

If Hu Immortal blessed land was destroyed, he would be in big trouble.

He exposed many things, let’s take for example, the fixed immortal travel Gu.

Fang Yuan was not a Gu Immortal, he could not keep this Immortal Gu into his aperture, once its aura was leaked, Gu Immortals would easily sense it and come to snatch it from him.

Now, fixed immortal travel Gu was placed inside Hu Immortal blessed land, and because there was immortal essence, he could feed it without worry.

Other than that, there was also the refinement of second aperture Gu.

Without little Hu Immortal to control the immortal essence, Fang Yuan could not refine this Immortal Gu, he had to at least reach Gu Immortal realm first. By then, divine travel Gu might’ve been refined by another person already, it would be too late.

Having protecting Hu Immortal blessed land, it was a great help to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan lied down for a while before getting up to eat. After filling up his stomach, he went to sleep again.

This time, he slept for ten hours, he woke up slowly as he felt all the fatigue had been washed away. His mind was clear, his head was working well, and his condition was as good as it could be.

“Where is the land spirit?” He stomped his feet, calling.

Little Hu Immortal tore through space with a swoosh, appearing before him.

“Master, I have dismantled that crab, we can sell it for a good price!” Little Hu Immortal’s face was red as she was extremely satisfied at breaking apart the culprit for the blessed land’s predicament.

“Oh right, master, there are three letters here, they were sent in from the loophole on the day of the calamity.” Little Hu Immortal said, taking out three Gu and handed them to Fang Yuan.

When loopholes enlarge enough to become tunnels, people could enter and exit. But before that, only Gu worms could enter through the small gaps.

These three Gu were all letter path Gu worms.

One had a paper crane appearance, it was the rank three lightning symbol paper crane Gu. One was a green bird, rank five and looking lifelike, it was the letter sending green bird Gu. One looked like a sword, it was the rank three flying sword letter Gu.

Fang Yuan’s gaze shone as he took out the letter sending green bird Gu.

The green bird transformed into a letter, it was sent by the rank seven Gu Immortal Feng Jiu Ge!

Fang Yuan was not surprised, the moment he saw this green bird Gu, he had a feeling it was him.

Feng Jiu Ge’s tone in his letter was calm, he first expressed his admiration and praise for Fang Yuan, before stating his intention — to arrange for a battle with between Fang Yuan and his daughter Feng Jin Huang!

It seems that after Feng Jin Huang returned to Spirit Affinity House, she had been gloomy, moody, and dispirited. During this period, she had been cultivating diligently, to reclaim her pride. The battle was initiated by her, she wants to have a fair and square fight with Fang Yuan, betting the glory of Spirit Affinity House and Immortal Crane Sect!

“Hmph, you want to battle, do I have to agree?” Fang Yuan scoffed in disdain.

His time was so tight, there was not enough time to cultivate, Fang Yuan would not waste his time and effort accepting Feng Jin Huang’s challenge.

Feng Jin Huang was born in a great family, she had Gu Immortals as her parents, and a sect to support her. Even if she had a blessed land, and the calamity came, there would be a huge group of people fighting it for her.

But Fang Yuan was all alone, he had to rely on himself for everything. He had no mood to play around with this rich missy.

“What a stupid idea, she wants to reclaim her glory, so I must play along with her? Laughable!” Fang Yuan snorted. Different from others, he did not fear Feng Jiu Ge. That is because soon, Feng Jiu Ge would be called up by the heavenly court, and would successfully ascend, it will not be easy for him to come down and enter central continent again.

“But in this letter, it seems that this pair of father and daughter think that I am a disciple of Immortal Crane Sect, what is going on?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with suspicion.

The other party was a Gu Immortal, they would naturally not make such a lowly mistake. That means, there were hidden complications.

Fang Yuan retrieved the flying sword letter Gu.

Opening it and taking a look, it was another challenge letter!

But in this letter, it was all swearing and scolding, almost all of Fang Yuan’s ancestors were mentioned, even Immortal Crane Sect’s honor was used to incite Fang Yuan to accept the battle. Finally, there was even a threat, if Fang Yuan did not agree, he would reveal the contents of this letter to the public, and let the world know that Fang Yuan was a coward!

Fang Yuan looked carefully, lightly smiling: “Oh, it is this rascal Jian Yi Sheng.”

Jian Yi Sheng, a metal path Gu Master, his appearance and personality were very perverted. He was most skilled at sneak attacks, and hated suffering losses the most.

He was one of the demonic path Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain, he was truly a mean and devious coward.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he got ambushed by him many times. He eventually made Fang Yuan angry enough to summon the blood sea, forcing this Jian Yi Sheng to hide in his blessed land, afraid to battle. He blocked him for twenty years, until Jian Yi Sheng realized that he had angered the wrong person. He could not take it, and eventually kneeled down before Fang Yuan to surrender, without a trace of a Gu Immortal’s dignity.

As for why this person was challenging Fang Yuan, it was because he was extremely unlucky.

After Fang Yuan discarded a portion of the blessed land, and threw the blue charm lightning shadow towards Tian Ti mountain, Jian Yi Sheng coincidentally met with it.

At this time, although Jian Yi Sheng was a Gu Immortal, he had no Immortal Gu, and was thrashed by the blue charm lightning shadow. He escaped back to his blessed land pathetically, and finally managed to get free of the blue charm lightning shadow.

After he got home, he counted his losses, and was filled with rage, stomping his feet. After finding the culprit, he sent a flying sword letter Gu, challenging Fang Yuan.

“Hmph, he knows I am a mortal, but still challenged me as a Gu Immortal. He even wrote his letter so righteously, talking about fairness… this piece of shit is still as shameless as I remember. But, why did he think I am a member of Immortal Crane Sect?”

Fang Yuan opened the lightning symbol paper crane Gu with great suspicion.

He opened it slightly, and his pupils shrunk, showing a surprised expression: “What! Fang Zheng is alive?”

Reading on, his suspicions were cleared.

“So that’s it, this He Feng Yang from Immortal Crane Sect is a smart person, using this method to eliminate his competitors.”

“But he greatly underestimated me. Why would I join Immortal Crane Sect? But what the letter mentioned is exactly what I need now.”

Thinking so, Fang Yuan made up his mind.

He called the land spirit: “Go, open the blessed land slightly, and let the Gu Master who resembles me in.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 419 Fang Zheng’s pain  Chapter 419: Fang Zheng’s pain 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Tian Ti mountain stood high above the clouds, reaching 3000km in total.

It was situated at the center of Central Continent, it was the land of inheritances, the mountain of saints. During ancient times, it was the ladder of immortals, able to ascend to the heavenly court.

Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples were now standing at the foot of Tian Ti mountain, having waited for an hour already.

“How much longer do we need to wait?”

“This Fang Yuan is putting up too much airs right?”

“Ssh, quiet. He is the brother of Gu Yue Fang Zheng, the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land!”

“Speaking of that, this brother of Fang Zheng’s is really amazing, he managed to defeat Feng Jin Huang, Xiao Qi Xing, Ying Sheng Ji and the others.”

“So what? If I had a supreme elder supporting me in the dark, helping me to use fixed immortal travel Gu, I would be able to win the blessed land as well.”

“Our clan’s elders are truly smart. Using Fang Zheng to attract their attention, while the real trump card was Fang Yuan all along!”

…

In order to make this a reality, Immortal Crane Sect lied to all their disciples. Immortal Crane Sect’ disciples now knew, that there was someone named Gu Yue Fang Yuan in their sect.

During these three months, he had become the hottest topic that everyone was discussing. He was mysterious and low-key, it made people curious. Shocking the world in one move, he obtained Hu Immortal blessed land for Immortal Crane Sect, and even allowed Immortal Crane Sect to stand out among the ten sects, it made the other disciples feel proud.

All their discussions entered Fang Zheng’s ears.

Fang Zheng was stand at the front of these people, his gaze was dim as he looked at Tian Ti mountain.

These days, he had been a walking corpse, he did not know how he survived the last few days.

After Fang Zheng left QIng Mao mountain, he swore to exact revenge, to get justice for his deceased clansmen.

He carried a great hatred with him, the objective of revenge was sustaining and motivating him to cultivate. He was more hardworking than all the other disciples, he did not even slack for a second.

He had fantasized many times, the scene when he finds Fang Yuan — defeating him and making him kneel on the ground, repenting for all that he did on Qing Mao mountain. The clansmen in the afterlife would finally rest in peace after that.

Thus, on Dang Hun mountain, he did not give up despite numerous occasions of wanting to do so.

Every time he thought of Fang Yuan, there would be a strong driving force in his heart, supporting him to continue climbing.

He wanted to get Hu Immortal Inheritance, not only because he did not want to let his master down, or disappointing the clan’s expectations, it was also because his chances of getting revenge would be much greater if he had the blessed land.

But, he did not expect, that life would come hitting him this hard and suddenly.

Gu Yue Fang Yuan, his blood related brother, the main character of his numerous nightmares, appeared on the mountain top! Under everyone’s view, he obtained the inheritance, even Gu Immortals could do nothing to him!

Fang Zheng who failed returned to the sect.

Shock!

Pain!

Loss!

Fear!

He knew the clan’s lies, he knew the truth, but precisely so, the shadow in his heart grew by many times.

This trauma had been nurturing in him since he was young.

Why is brother so smart? But I am so stupid!

Why was it that I cultivated so hard, yet I still lost to Fang Yuan?

Why did this happen in southern border, and also in central continent?!

“Is it true that I Gu Yue Fang Zheng, am destined to live in his shadow my entire life, never to surpass him?!” Every time Fang Zheng thought of this, there would be an indignant feeling in his heart, urging him to cultivate more.

But this time, it was different.

It was different.

Thinking of the mission the clan just passed to him, Fang Zheng’s body shuddered.

The blessed land was in Fang Yuan’s control, in order to obtain Hu Immortal blessed land, the sect was recruiting Fang Yuan. As long as he handed over the blessed land, he would be Immortal Crane Sect’s elder.

Central continent sect members were classified from low to high as outer disciple, inner disciple, elite disciple, legacy disciple.

Above disciples, there were sect elder, often at rank four cultivation, controlling the many aspects of the sect. Above sect elder was sect leader, he had to be at least rank five middle stage, and was the key person in charge.

And above the clan leader, there were supreme elders.

These supreme elders were all Gu Immortals, they were rarely seen during normal times, secluded in cultivation. Only when the sect faces a life and death situation, or when something important happens, they would appear and let the world know the true power of Immortal Crane Sect, as one of the top ten sects!

“Since I joined Immortal Crane Sect, I had cultivated so diligently these years, from outer disciple, I became an inner disciple, and from inner disciple, I became an elite disciple. During the sect examination, I emerged as the top disciple of among the elite disciples. But now, Fang Yuan just has to say a word, and he would become a sect elder. Any disciple who sees him have to bow and pay respects!”

Fang Zheng felt a great pain in his heart every time he thought about this.

If Fang Yuan really became an elder, he would have to bow and pay respects to this enemy every time he saw him! Was there fun in such a life? Was there meaning in living?

“Master, has all the effort and hardwork I put in been in vain?” At this point, Fang Zheng was standing at Tian Ti mountain foot, waiting to meet Fang Yuan. He had unavoidably fallen into deep self-doubt.

Lord Sky Crane quickly consoled him: “Fang Zheng, you have to adjust your mindset. Immortal Crane Sect sacrificed a lot for Hu Immortal Inheritance, we even used an Immortal Gu! For the sect, we have to look at this from the big picture, and put down our personal grudges temporarily. Fang Zheng, you have to understand, it was Immortal Crane Sect who nurtured you, now that the sect needs you make some sacrifices, you cannot forget your roots!”

Although he said that, Lord Sky Crane was sighing in his heart.

He understood Fang Zheng’s personality, thus his heart was even more worried.

All along, the notion of revenge was driving Fang Zheng forward like a pillar, it was also his obsession in this cultivation journey.

But now, the sect’s orders were for Fang Zheng to let down this obsession, this was more fatal than any injury. Most likely, after suffering such an impact, Fang Zheng would no longer have any drive left, he would let himself dwell in self-pity.

“But what can we do? That is a blessed land, and it even contains a forbidden ground like Dang Hun mountain! The gustones on the mountain can be used by our disciples and make our entire sect’s strength surge. Other than that, Fang Yuan has blood skull Gu and fixed immortal travel Gu on him! These things are way too valuable, they are so important, how can an elite disciple compare to them at all?”

Lord Sky Crane felt sad in his heart, but he still said to Fang Zheng: “My good disciple, you have to control your desire for revenge. A little impatience spoils great plans, treat this as a trial of your endurance! After seeing your brother, do not attack. Within the blessed land, you are not his match.”

Saying so, Lord Sky Crane recalled what He Feng Yang instructed him —

“I know the enmity between Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng. If needed, we can sacrifice Fang Zheng, you can negotiate in place of Fang Zheng!”

He Feng Yang’s pressure was great at the moment, all the supreme elders were looking at his actions.

“Master, you are telling me to treat this as a trial? I… I will try.” Fang Zheng loosened his clenched fist, then clenched it again, he was struggling in his heart, he felt pain and anger.

If someone swore to get revenge, and cultivated to succession, only to find that his enemy had died. That is pain.

If someone swore to get revenge, and cultivated to succession, but found that he could not beat his enemy, and that his enemy was still living well. That is much greater pain.

If someone swore to get revenge, and cultivated to succession,but found out that not only was he unable to beat his enemy, he even had to use a fake friendly attitude to negotiate with him, hoping the enemy would become his superior. This was the greatest pain of all pain.

“Hehe, Fang Zheng, don’t think much of it. Fang Yuan might not be having a good time, there is a calamity in the blessed land. You cannot imagine the might of a calamity. Even if your brother had an Immortal Gu, he is still a mortal. Soon, he will experience the terrifying powers of an earthly calamity. By then, the blessed land will be full of loopholes, and he would have suffered a huge loss. You have a high chance of succeeding in this trip.” Lord Sky Crane consoled him again.

Fang Zheng heard this and his mood became slightly more relaxed.

“The earthly calamity is beginning.” He Feng Yang muttered, he had been staying behind the scenes, firstly, it was to protect these elite disciples, secondly, it was to prevent the ill-intentions of other Gu Masters, and thirdly, if Fang Yuan could not block this earthly calamity, he would have to help out.

At this moment, he was starting at the spot where Hu Immortal blessed land was hiding in on Tian Ti mountain, sensing that there was an aura of destruction.

Soon, his lips curled into a smile as there was a peculiar sight on Tian Ti mountain.

Pieces after pieces of grassland appeared on Tian Ti mountain. They were like clouds or fog, illusory and not real.

How could there be a grassland on a mountain?

This was the loophole of the blessed land, and a large loophole at that, allowing outsiders to see the scene inside the blessed land.

Such a loophole could only fit Gu worms, there was still some way to go before Gu Masters can go in.

Lord Sky Crane at the other side had already called out: “The loophole appeared, send the lightning symbol paper crane Gu in.”

Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, under everyone’s supervision, he injected primeval essence and activated the Gu worm.

Lightning symbol paper crane Gu was fast as lightning, flying into the loophole.

But right after, the grassland image turned into a lump of primeval essence, as it dissipated in the air. Lightning symbol paper crane Gu flew for two rounds before flying back to Fang Zheng’s hands.

“This Fang Yuan is giving up a portion of the blessed land, completely removing it! It seems he is worried that Gu Masters might entire when the loophole turns into a tunnel.” He Feng Yang was slightly shocked, but sneered soon after: “Go ahead, let’s see how much land you can discard. Every piece of land you abandon is akin to giving up your own flesh.”

But immediately after, He Feng Yang’s expression changed.

“He’s still continuing? He’s already thrown a few square kilometers worth of land! He is really bold, no wonder he managed to snatch the inheritance.”

But a few moments later, He Feng Yang’s expression turned ugly.

“It seems that this earthly calamity is very dangerous this time. But how much land is he going to give up? He has already thrown tens of square kilometers of land away. This wastrel!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 420: Meeting of Brothers 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

On Tian Ti mountain, loopholes appeared one after another with increasing frequency.

Not only were Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples watching carefully, many Gu Immortals were also keeping watch behind the scenes.

During this period, Fang Zheng tried three times, finally managing to send the lightning symbol paper crane Gu into the blessed land.

A green bird spread its wings and flew into the loopholes as well, reaching the Hu Immortal blessed land.

“This is a letter sending green bird Gu! What is Feng Jiu Ge trying to do?” He Feng Yang saw this and his expression turned dark.

But at the next moment, his pupils shrunk to pin-size, his mouth opened wide as he shocked an extremely flabbergasted expression.

“My god! He’s discarding such a big area of the blessed land?!”

He Feng yang was tongue tied, he was stunned like a statue.

Fang Yuan discarded 600km2 worth of land, Tian Ti mountain waist was full of the blessed land’s projected image, grassland filled everyone’s vision.

A Gu Immortal was the first to react, appearing with the flash of a sword.

“Hahaha, what a big piece of blessed land, it is mine, don’t even think of snatching it from me!” Jian Yi Sheng shouted, wanting to pull this piece of land into his blessed land, expanding his territory.

But at this moment, a lightning flash appeared.

“F*ck!” Jian YI Sheng was caught unguarded, he shouted profanities as the blue charm lightning shadow sent him flying like a cannonball.

But Jian Yi Sheng was not to be trifled with, he immediately engaged in battle with blue charm lightning shadow.

They created a huge commotion, the earth rumbled as Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples watched in shock.

The more shocking thing was, over a dozen people appeared next, taking a piece of this 600km2 land at lightning speed like a pack of hungry wolves.

“You goddamn bastards!”

“I lured the monster away, I made the most effort, but you guys didn’t even leave me a piece of the land!”

“I f*ck all your ancestors!”

“I curse you all to have constipation, all your children will be born with a chicken’s tail!”

Jian Yi Sheng shouted angrily, he had never suffered such a great loss in his life, getting thrashed by the blue charm lightning shadow so pathetically.

“And there is that little rascal Fang Yuan, he is really evil and daring, scheming against me like this! Fight me fairly if you have guts!” He sent out the flying sword letter Gu.

Flying sword letter Gu was extremely fast, it could tear through space, even without a loophole, it could enter the blessed land.

Immortal Crane Sect’s gang was in a daze.

This, was this the mannerism of a Gu Immortal?

“This Jian Yi Sheng is a complete disgrace to us Gu Immortals…” He Feng Yang covered his face in shame.

At this time, a bright white-gold light appeared.

There was a red door in the light, 30 meters tall, it had a rainbow colored plaque.

Pink colored clouds gathered, as the rainbow light shone on Fang Zheng’s body. In the blink of an eye, Fang Zheng vanished on the spot.

Sending blue charm lightning shadow or the desolate beast swamp crab out of the blessed land was beyond little Hu Immortal’s abilities. But to transport one Fang Zheng, it was easy.

“He got in!” Seeing this, He Feng Yang’s heart eased.

A flash of lightning bolt descended from the sky, it was the blue charm lightning shadow. But the white-gold light moved the red door away in time.

By a hair’s breadth, the blue charm lightning shadow’s intention of entering the blessed land was thwarted.

Fang Zheng felt his surroundings turn blur before he regained his sight, and the environment around him had changed completely.

He was standing on a grassland, grass was all around him. There were clouds above him, extremely thick and dark clouds. Not far away, there are several lakes with ripples on the surface.

“I reached Hu Immortal blessed land.” Fang Zheng quickly reacted, all his Gu worms were sealed now, it was the same as during the competition.

A smoky lump of shadow appeared before him, expanding into the size of a mirror. Fang Yuan’s figure appeared in the mirror, he was sitting with his back leaning on the chair. He was crossing his right leg over his left leg as his left hand was placed on his knee, while his right hand was holding his chin softly on top of the chair handle.

His black hair was casually hanging over his face as his eyes squinted, showing a lazy and casual demeanour, but also gave people a sense of danger, dark and mysterious.

“My cute little brother, to think I would see you again in Central Continent.” Fang Yuan spoke.

His voice was so foreign, yet so familiar to Fang Zheng.

Fang Zheng’s body shuddered, his eyes burst forth with intense rage as he growled: “Gu Yu Fang Yuan, you crazy and hopeless demon, you murdered your entire clan! I will kill you personally!”

Saying so, he rushed towards Fang Yuan.

But this ‘Fang Yuan’ was only a projection from the smoke, after Fang Zheng charged towards it, it dissipated, but quickly gathered back into a perfect image of Fang Yuan again.

Fang Zheng pointed at Fang Yuan, shouting: “Fang Yuan, you don’t even have the courage to face me? You coward! Shameless traitor, you are an inhuman animal. So what if you died, to think that you murdered your entire clan just to preserve your life. Such an outrageous act, how could you do it? Are you still human?!”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, casually leaning on his chair: “My cute little brother, you are still stupid as ever. Regardless of whether I did anything, they were going to die. If that is so, why can’t I live? If not for my counterattack, do you think you would be brought back to Central Continent? In fact, I saved your life. I am your benefactor.”

“Dog shit! You are distorting the truth, you are unbelievably shameless!” Fang Zheng heard Fang Yuan’s words, and was extremely angered by it.

Fang Yuan’s laughter came to a stop, he sighed: “Fang Zheng, my brother, you are a huge disappointment. All these years, you have not improved one bit. No matter how high your cultivation is, you are just a pawn piece. Alright, let’s talk business. I’ve seen Immortal Crane Sect’s letter, don’t bother mentioning those ridiculous promises like making me an elder. We can however, go through with the transaction and deals.”

Fang Zheng’s chest was moving up and down, his breathing was heavy as he stared at Fang Yuan’s image with hatred.

This pair of twins, they looked almost identical, and had closest blood relation in them. Unfortunately, they were life-and-death enemies.

Fang Zheng took a few deep breaths, holding in his killing intent towards Fang Yuan, thinking of the clan’s instructions: “Within Hu Immortal blessed land, our sect is not interested in the fox groups or Gu worms. But the gutstones on Dang Hun mountain have some value. We will send disciples here by batches, you will bring them to Dang Hun mountain…”

“Stop.” Before Fang Zheng finished speaking, he was interrupted by Fang Yuan: “I do not believe your Immortal Crane Sect’s sincerity.”

“This is what I want, prepare it for me as soon as possible, and hand it over to me. I do not have primeval stones, but I have the swamp crab’s corpse to trade instead. The details are in the letter, go back and consider it.”

Once he finished speaking, a small lightning bolt flew and landed in Fang Zheng’s hand.

It was that lightning symbol paper crane Gu.

This lightning symbol paper crane Gu had already been refined by Fang Yuan, and was now used by him. The contents included the Gu worms and materials Fang Yuan wanted, as well as details on the swamp crab’s blood, meat, bones, and shell etc.

Fang Zheng raised his head, and wanted to speak, but he saw the scene before him change — he had been transported out already.

“Check around, are there any suspicious things?” After Fang Zheng left, Fang Yuan did not relax, but instead gave instructions to land spirit.

The blessed land could not restrict Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan did not meet with Fang Zheng personally because he was worried about him bringing an Immortal Gu.

Immortal Crane Sect had a lot of resources, they had quite a lot of Immortal Gu.

Although Fang Zheng’s aperture was not able to carry Immortal Gu, as the aura would easily leak, all sorts of things could happen in the Gu world, there were definitely methods to conceal an Immortal Gu’s aura. Fang Yuan had to guard against this.

The land spirit checked for a few times and there were no problems, at this point, Fang Yuan finally relaxed.

“After the earthly calamity, will the situation improve from here?” Fang Yuan squinted his eyes, considering his current predicament.

The current situation was way more advantageous for him than he expected.

In order to devour Hu Immortal blessed land alone, Immortal Crane Sect shield him. Such guts, it was expected of one of the ten great sects of central continent!

Benefits above everything, enemies and friends were all built on this basis.

Using common words, it was the foresight of a ‘big picture’. Restricted by the sect system, and under the pressure of the ‘big picture’, so what if Fang Zheng hated him? He still had to come over and discuss the transactions.

“Once they realize that they could not capture me so easily, that being forceful would just destroy everything, Immortal Crane Sect would naturally come to negotiate with me, to make transactions. Even if outsiders find out, there would be no rumors of ‘allying with the demonic path’. That is because, Immortal Crane Sect had already admitted that I am a part of their sect! It was a meticulous decision.”

“But this is what I needed too. Even if this disciple identity is so fake, it is enough to drive away the other forces. Looking at Jian Yi Sheng and Feng Jiu Ge’s letters, one can easily tell how precious this identity is.” Fang Yuan thought about it, he did not mind this.

The truth is, he is still in the demonic path, he is still alone, doing things his way, no one could restrict him.

But at the same time, he could do transactions, and exchange for resources he needed.

“Originally, I wanted to go to Lang Ya blessed land and snatch connecting heaven Gu. But now that I can deal with Immortal Crane Sect, I do not need to do that. Although, with Hu Immortal blessed land being in my possession, Immortal Crane Sect would not let this go, they are making deals at this point because of wariness, and that they have no choice for now. I cannot be careless and give them a weakness to exploit.”

Fang Yuan reminded himself. As for his brother Fang Zheng, that was secondary.

Killing him would only be for the blood skull Gu, to raise the aperture’s aptitude by a little. The problem it would bring is making an enemy out of Immortal Crane Sect, and putting himself into grave danger.

Killing his own brother is a pure demonic act, if outsiders find out, it would be interpreted as Fang Yuan betraying Immortal Crane Sect. At that point, the ten sects and numerous demonic Gu Immortals would place their greedy gazes towards Hu Immortal blessed land.

There is no such thing as an absolute secret, once the matter is exposed, even if Immortal Crane Sect wanted to continue acting, they would not be able to.

Fang Yuan’s current situation was, raising aptitude was less important than his other objectives.

Even if his aptitude was raised, he still needed resources to cultivate.

The most important point now was to stabilize the situation and make full use of the blessed land’s resources to convert them into his own strength!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 421: Development of the Rockmen Tribe 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

He Feng Yang carefully read the detailed content of the lightning letter.

Fang Yuan only made three types of requests; primeval stones, Gu worms and materials.

“Requesting for five million primeval stones? No problem! Let alone five million, it is no issue even if he wanted ten million or fifty million.” He Feng Yang grinned.

When one reached the Gu Immortal realm, their attention was on immortal essence. They could have any amount of primeval stones they wanted, it was simply not a thing of concern.

“Huh? Five spring egg Gu?” He Feng Yang was slightly dazed.

Spring egg Gu was a rank five Gu that had the appearance of a white goose egg; it was obtained from killing specific eggmen.

Placing spring egg Gu deep underground could form a spirit spring eye. That means, it could grow a spirit spring.

Every spring egg Gu represented a small scale spirit spring.

Every small scale spirit spring could produce at least a hundred million primeval stones from the moment they formed till they disappeared!

However, spring egg Gu’s price was much higher than hundred million primeval stones. Gu Immortals would frequently buy it and plant it in their blessed land to form spirit springs and provide spiritual essence to all living beings.

Sufficient spirit springs meant the primeval energy in the blessed land would be thicker and be beneficial to the cultivation and nurturing of Gu worms.

Conversely, if there were no spirit springs, the primeval energy in the blessed land would be created by diluting the immortal essence.

From a certain aspect, spirit springs could cut down the use of immortal essence.

“To think this Fang Yuan, a mere mortal, also knows the importance of spring egg Gu. But this Gu, even Gu Immortals have a lot of demand for it, how could we give you five of them? Three is enough, the Hu Immortal blessed land you are managing will sooner or later become our Immortal Crane Sect’s property.”

He Feng Yang’s gaze moved over the list.

Below, Fang Yuan had mentioned many Gu worms.

“What does he want so many low ranked Gu worms for?” He Feng Yang felt some doubts.

If Fang Yuan demanded those rare and powerful rank five Gu worms, it would be understandable. However, what he was requesting for were some rank two and rank three Gu worms. Although he mentioned some rank four Gu, it was just a few.

“Hmph, I understand. This kid has strong vigilance! He is afraid that if he directly asks for rank five Gu, we would tamper with it, and so he intends to refine the Gu himself. Gu refinement process involves many subtle details, if the Gu worms had been tampered with, it would definitely destroy the whole refinement process. Conversely, a successfully refined Gu would be completely clean and secure.”

He Feng Yang felt somewhat irritated.

He originally had such an intention, but now he knew that this scheme could not be implemented and was already useless.

“This kid is not easy to deal with… but, how would he know so many Gu refinement recipes? His background is definitely not simple!” He Feng Yang felt some apprehension inwardly.

He thought for a while more and laughed.

“This Fang Yuan doesn’t know what’s good for him! Are Gu so easy to refine? Every Gu refinement needs huge resources. The higher the rank of the Gu to be refined, the higher the chances of failure and higher the losses. You kid, just how old are you? Gu refinement cannot succeed just with innate talent, even more importantly, you need experience and accumulation.”

He Feng Yang did not know the exact details of Fang Yuan, and even more importantly he did not know that fixed immortal travel Gu was refined by Fang Yuan. If he knew, he would definitely not be able to laugh.

He Feng Yang continued to read.

“Huh? He has requested relic Gu too. A yellow gold relic Gu and three purple crystal relic Gu?” He Feng Yang’s gaze paused as he understood Fang Yuan’s scheme.

Fang Yuan had rank four upper stage cultivation, this was already noticed by the ten sects’ Gu Immortals and was not a secret.

If Fang Yuan used a yellow gold relic Gu, he would be at rank four peak stage. After advancing to rank five initial stage, he could use the three purple crystal relic Gu one by one and directly jump to rank five peak stage.

Immortal Crane Sect was one of the ten great sects of Central Continent and had abundant resources, it naturally had these relic Gu. Every year, there would be disciples and elders who would contribute the relic Gu they obtained to the sect in exchange for contribution points. And the sect would place these green copper to purple crystal relic Gu as rewards for sect missions.

He Feng Yang could easily bring out these relic Gu, but letting Fang Yuan advance to rank five so fast did not sit well with Immortal Crane Sect’s benefits!

“Hehehe, I will first hand over one purple crystal Gu to create envy in this kid. These relic Gu are the things he wants the most, we will use it to get a hold on him and make him exchange them with guts Gu!”

He Feng Yang continued to read the letter, after the Gu worms were names of some materials.

These materials were also common for the most part. Although there were some precious Gu refinement materials listed, they were few in number.

“It seems this kid’s main plan is to refine Gu. Hmph, you want to refine? Go ahead. But why does he need star heron bile, toad stones, ascension wine, and these other extremely uncommon materials?”

There were very few recipes that included the use of these materials, some of these materials had value that could compare to parts of a desolate beast. Even He Feng Yang would have to expend some effort to get these things.

“Whether this kid is deliberately mystifying it to scatter my attention or is really refining some rare Gu, I cannot give all these materials to him at once. I need to make him feel anxious to probe out his true intent. Hmm, for this transaction, I will give him a vat of ascension wine.”

This ascension wine was a top quality wine brewed by Immortal Crane Sect’s supreme third elder. Over a hundred years ago, He Feng Yang had officially sided with the third elder. In the banquet, the supreme third elder was in a great mood and rewarded him with three vats of ascension wine.

Supreme third elder liked drinking wine and it was one of his hobbies. However, He Feng Yang did not like to drink and ascension wine was worthless to him.

He Feng Yang saw each part of the desolate beast listed at the end of the letter.

He licked his lips.

This was a desolate beast, an existence that could be compared to Gu Immortals!

“Such a complete desolate beast corpse, looks like the earthly calamity this time was the desolate beast calamity. This kid’s luck is really good, using Dang Hun mountain to destroy the swamp crab’s soul and obtain such a complete corpse.”

He Feng Yang instantly guessed the details of the earthly calamity.

“We can completely procure this swamp crab, but why has he not requested rockmen? Could it be that he does not know of the rockmen because of limited knowledge? Or is it because the group that migrated at that time is still alive? There is too little information.”

What was the situation in Hu Immortal blessed land, how did Fang Yuan obtained fixed immortal travel Gu, who was behind him; He Feng Yang did not know the answers to any of these questions.

The five great regions – central continent, southern border, northern plains, western desert and eastern sea – were mutually independent, separated by barriers and each of them were incomparably vast.

Immortal Crane Sect had yet to grasp the whole central continent, let alone make contact with every region of southern border.

However, after Fang Yuan seized Hu Immortal’s inheritance, Immortal Crane Sect had already sent elders to southern border to investigate.

 …

Several days later.

“We’re here, plant the spirit spring at this location.” On the grassland, Fang Yuan stopped walking and said to little Hu Immortal following behind him.

Little Hu Immortal nodded her little head and raised her palm upon which a spring egg Gu flew out.

Spring egg Gu landed on the ground and drilled deep underground. Within moments, Fang Yuan felt the ground shake and could hear the sound of flowing water becoming louder rapidly.

And then, a fountain of spring water spurted out of the ground and flew as high as twenty to thirty meters.

The spring water was milky white and produced water vapor. After a few breaths’ time, Fang Yuan could feel the primeval energy in the air becoming very dense.

“Primeval energy is the origin energy of all living beings; with the increase in primeval energy, the land will become more fertile, vegetation will flourish and beast groups will prosper even more, there will be a lot of benefits to the rockmen as well.” Fang Yuan nodded his head in satisfaction.

The transaction with Immortal Crane Sect was a success. Fang Yuan sold the whole swamp crab’s corpse and in return obtained most of the things he needed.

Among them were three spring egg Gu.

This spring egg Gu was a rank five Gu and was a one time expendable Gu that could turn into a small scale spirit spring.

It had a high demand on primeval essence to be activated and even rank five upper stage Gu Masters would have to exhaust all their primeval essence to succeed in activating it.

Fang Yuan was only at rank four upper stage and was absolutely unable to activate spring egg Gu. But fortunately, he had the little Hu Immortal land spirit as his helper.

Fang Yuan buried these three spring egg Gu near the rockmen tribes.

After the trial of the sixth earthly calamity, there were only a few pitiful fox groups left in Hu Immortal blessed land and were not worth nurturing. Fang Yuan thus put all his attention on the rockmen tribes.

Now, there were only a few hundreds rockmen left, much lesser than the foxes. However, with Dang Hun mountain and these three spirit springs, the rockmen tribes could rapidly grow and develop.

“Hehehe, Master, this is awesome! With three spirit springs, our green grape immortal essence expenditure will greatly reduce.” Little Hu Immortal looked at the spurting spring water and narrowed her eyes in happiness.

“These three spirit springs can produce at least three hundred million primeval stones and can last for fifty to sixty years. But if we look at the whole blessed land, it is far from enough. It is lacking even for the southern area of the blessed land.” Fang Yuan calculated.

Spirit springs were classified into small scale, mid-scale and large scale.

Small scale spirit springs could last for fifty to sixty years; mid-scale spirit spring could last for about a hundred years and more; large scale spirit spring could last for centuries.

The spurting spring water loosened the surrounding soil and the spring mouth gradually enlarged. The force of the spring water was not enough and its height slowly reduced.

In four to five days, the spring mouth would form and the spirit spring would start flowing, spreading to the surrounding soil. In several months, the dense primeval energy would condense into the first batch of primeval stones.

“Let’s return. The rockmen tribes should be having the time of their lives now.” Fang Yuan commanded the land spirit.

The next moment, the two teleported to Dang Hun mountain.

“Heavens, so many gutstones!”

“The place is in a mess, there definitely was a huge battle here. Maybe that male immortal is already dead.”

“Our rockmen tribes’ glorious days are coming!!”

“We will have endless offsprings. Tribe leader Yan Yong, we can establish the world’s largest rockmen tribe!”

The rockmen cheered and shouted, indulging in this moment of happiness and fortune.

Dang Hun mountain was filled with gutstones. There was one every five steps.

The rockmen struck the gutstones in a frenzy and strengthened their soul.

There were many young rockmen who also struck the gutstones and rapidly strengthened their newborn souls, allowing them to control more rocks as their body.

There were only a few hundreds rockmen at first, but in only a day, their population expanded by ten times!

The more the population grew, the faster they multiplied.

On the morning of the second day, their population broke ten thousand. On the evening of the third day, their numbers reached three hundred thousand.

All the gutstones on Dang Hun mountain were plucked clean.

On the fourth day, Dang Hun mountain started emitting pressure and the rockmen could only reluctantly leave the place, majestically returning to their homes.

There were unexpected gifts, the new three spirit springs, waiting for them there.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 422: Spectral Soul Demon Venerable 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Blub blub blub blub…

In a huge five-man-tall cauldron, green-blue colored liquid was bubbling inside.

The liquid seemed to be boiling, but cold air was emitting from it, even a rockman’s hand would turn into an icicle if he placed it in.

Fang Yuan stood before the large cauldron, multitasking as he controlled it while taking out a primeval elder Gu.

He multitasked, activating primeval elder Gu as primeval stones flew out from within.

Plop plop plop…

Primeval stones caused a splash when they entered the cauldron.

Primeval elder Gu was a rank three storage Gu, it could hold up to a million primeval stones. It was shaped like a crystal ball, half transparent with clouds forming into an old man inside. The old man smiled when there were a lot of primeval stones inside, and cried with there were few primeval stones.

As large amounts of primeval stones were thrown in, the old man’s smile turned into a bitter expression.

Fang Yuan expended around half a million primeval stones for this refinement.

If it was the past, he would not be able to afford it. But now, he is affluent, after he sold the desolate beast swamp crab and bought quite a bit of things, he had around six million primeval stones left.

As primeval stones were thrown in, a large spiral formed inside the cauldron, causing the liquid to flow faster. The cauldron was slightly shaking.

At this crucial moment, Fang Yuan invested all his concentration into it, he could not be distracted anymore.

Sweat quickly formed on his forehead, he could only call out: “Land spirit.”

“Yes!” Little Hu Immortal responded quickly, throwing pieces and pieces of silver ingots into the cauldron.

The ingots entered the liquid, causing the spiral to slow down.

One by one, the ingots fell in until the surface of the cauldron became still, forming into silver colored ice.

Eventually, all the liquid inside was frozen, large amounts of silver colored mist flew out, freezing the entire cauldron, in fact, it extended five steps from the cauldron, dying the ground silver.

Fang Yuan breathed heavily: “After refining Gu for three days, it’s finally done. Up!”

Silver colored ice broke apart, and Gu worms flew out.

These Gu were all rank three, they were shaped like little cups, while also resembling trumpet flowers. Three of them could fit on one palm.

They were silver in color, used to hold liquid or store Gu worms.

Little Hu Immortal counted, smiling brightly, clapping her hands: “Hundred and thirty seven, hundred and forty-six, hundred and fifty-nine! Master, you are amazing, refining a hundred and fifty-nine rank three Gu worms at once. We can sell these for quite a sum, what are these Gu worms?”

“Hehe, these are silver cup Gu, we have to use them to refine Gu, they are not for sale.” Fang Yuan smiled.

Three hundred and eighty years into Fang Yuan’s previous life, these silver cup Gu were created by a Gu Immortal. Continuing to refine them until they were rank five, that was the Gu Fang Yuan needed.

Of course they could not be sold now.

“These days, I used a large number of guts Gu to raise my soul to fifty-two times of a normal person. Thus, I did not feel much fatigue, and was able to refine so many Gu at once.” Fang Yuan was extremely pleased with the results of this refinement.

The benefits of having a strong foundation in his soul was shown here.

If He Feng Yang saw this, he would no longer underestimate Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan’s ability at refining Gu had already greatly exceeded his own.

But his head was still dizzy.

Every Gu refinement caused a strain on the soul, it used a lot of mental energy, not to mention Fang Yuan’s large-scale refinement.

If it was before, Fang Yuan could only sleep to rest his soul. But now, he had a better method.

“Land spirit, this cauldron is useless now, get rid of it, I am going outside to walk.”

“Yes master.” Little Hu Immortal immediately got to work.

Three to four days had already passed, large numbers of gutstones had formed on Dang Hun mountain.

Fang Yuan casually stepped on a few pieces, the guts Gu that flew out recovered his soul, even strengthening it.

Fang Yuan instantly felt the dizziness go away from his head, he could think at lightning speed.

He laughed heartily: “This guts Gu is truly a divine Gu, the effect is so amazing. In that case, I shall strengthen my soul to the limit today.”

Sixty-eight times! Fang Yuan felt refreshed, his movements were extremely fast and light.

Seventy-seven times! Fang Yuan could think at lightning speed, every thought moved like a spark.

Eighty-five times! Fang Yuan’s soul had already vaguely hit his body’s limit.

Ninety-two times! Fang Yuan could clearly feel his own soul. In his perception, his soul was grey-white color, its outer appearance was just like Fang Yuan’s appearance, except it was extremely strong, muscular and had a bear-tiger like body. As for Fang Yuan, although his body was muscular, he only had muscular shoulders with a thin waist. His soul was quite squeezed inside this body.

Was he at his limit?

Ninety-three times! Fang Yuan used one more guts Gu, his soul strengthened once again. This time, Fang Yuan felt an unprecedented feeling, it was amazing and comfortable. It felt a hundred times better than taking drugs, eating good food, or having intercourse! It made a strong man like Fang Yuan groan out in pleasure.

An indescribable sensation of comfort and addiction made him savour this feeling, unable to forget it.

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone in a cold light, his heart became alert.

He stepped on a few more gutstone, and his soul got stronger again. The feeling of comfort this time was much more intense than before!

Ninety-seven times, ninety-eight times, ninety-nine times!

The feeling came from deep within his soul, it was so intense that Fang Yuan’s body shuddered, his bones felt like they were melting and his muscles were twitching, it could not be described with words.

A hundred times!

The intense sensation and addiction assaulted like a tornado, Fang Yuan almost fainted from this.

“This is the limit, I cannot use the guts Gu anymore!” Fang Yuan bit the tip of his tongue, using the pain to keep himself conscious, not falling into addiction.

Normal people could only strengthen their soul by a hundred times, it was called hundred man soul!

This was also the extreme limit. If the soul strengthened just a bit more, it would explode in a loud bang. Like a stomach that burst from overeating.

But the explosion of the soul was many times more severe than the bursting of a stomach. The soul would complete disperse in the air, completely destroyed, the flesh would be preserved for a while before rotting away, revealing the white skeleton.

If Fang Yuan indulged in the feeling, and used one more guts Gu, he would not even have the time to use Spring Autumn Cicada, he would die immediately, wiped off from this world.

Too bad I don’t have Luo Po valley, inside it, there is the bewilderment fog that can loosen the soul. There is also the Luo Po wind that can cut the soul. After torture and trials, the soul will become more refined and condensed.” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.

Simply strengthening the soul was a quantitative advantage. Only through refinement and purification can there be a qualitative advantage.

In this world, there were many Gu Masters who cultivated their soul, they were called soul path Gu Masters. Soul path and strength path were at the same level, glorious during the ancient times. Except, strength path was now at its lowest point, while soul path was staying strong, it was the largest path in the current world.

The Gu Master who created the soul path is renowned in the entire world’s history.

He is Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!

Rank nine Gu Master, standing at the top of the universe, looking down at mortals plainly, he was truly invincible, a legend who dominated his era.

At the same time, he was the rank nine Gu Immortal with the greatest killing nature.

Among all Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables, he killed the most people. During his dark era, he made the five regions into his personal slaughterhouse. All living beings were his livestock, they had no way to resist.

Spectral Soul Demon Venerable once said: In this huge world, Dang Hun mountain is the best at strengthening soul, and Luo Po valley is the best at refining soul. One mountain and one valley, if one had both, they would achieve great success in the soul path, and they would be able to dominate the world.

Thus, Dang Hun mountain and Luo Po valley were the two sacred lands of soul path Gu Masters.

Fang Yuan obtaining Dang Hun mountain was a huge blessing, he got a great deal from his rebirth. If he wanted to get Luo Po Valley, there was little hope, he did not know where it was.

“But, even without Luo Po valley, I can use other soul path Gu worms to replace it. Divine soul Gu, dragon soul Gu, ice soul Gu, dream soul Gu, moon soul Gu, general soul Gu, grudge soul Gu, poem soul Gu and others, they can all refine my soul and allow me to continue strengthening my soul, to break through hundred man soul, to reach thousand man soul, or even ten thousand man soul.”

He could not get these Gu from Immortal Crane Sect. That is because these Gu that were directly used on the soul, if Immortal Crane Sect did something to them, it would be too dangerous.

But Fang Yuan knew very little of these Gu worms’ recipes. Most importantly, he has not decided on which Gu would suit him the most.

“For now, hundred man soul is sufficient to deal with my problems, I should place my energy on how to trade rockmen.” Fang Yuan’s train of thought came back to the matter at hand.

He had already sold swamp crab, but next, he did not intend to sell the gutstones.

If he sold gutstones, that would strengthen Immortal Crane Sect, that was not favorable.

For the following days, Fang Yuan continued to refine Gu while cleansing his aperture.

A month passed quickly, with the nine eyes liquor worm’s help, Fang Yuan successfully advanced to rank four peak stage.

At the same time, he refined a hundred and fifty-five gold cup Gu.

Gold cup Gu and silver cup Gu were about the same, they were rank three Gu used to store fluids.

Next, he used both silver cup Gu and gold cup Gu in refinement, after seven days and six nights, his luck was not bad, he obtained three rank four gold and silver cup Gu.

He put down his work at hand, and turned his attention to the rockmen: “So many days have passed, the rockmen should’ve reproduced already.”

In a rockman’s life, most of the time was spent on sleeping.

Normally, when a rockman reaches three hundred years old, his soul would accumulate to a degree, and he would produce an offspring. Next, every two hundred years, he will produce one young rockman.

Without accidents, a rockman can live to a thousand years, and they would have four offsprings when they die.

But because of the gutstones, the rockmen tribes expanded rapidly, they had around three hundred thousand tribesmen now.

The increased numbers caused the internal conflicts among rockmen to increase, intensify, and erupt.

Rockmen’s social system was very relaxed, it could at most govern a hundred thousand people. As expected, after some political strifes, the rockmen split into three groups, each with around a hundred thousand people, each occupying one spirit spring, making their new homes there.

Fang Yuan took out the new slavery Gu that he made and handed them to the little Hu Immortal.

Slavery Gu, ranged from rank one to five. Fang Yuan refined rank three slavery Gu only, it was enough to enslave the rockmen tribes.

Little Hu Immortal teleported the slavery Gu for about ten thousand miles away, using them on the most crucial rockmen.

The rockmen’s soul were not Fang Yuan’s match, they were easily enslaved.

In the blink of an eye, Fang Yuan controlled three rockmen tribe leaders including Yan Yong, as well as over a dozen rockmen tribe elders.

At once, the three hundred thousand rockmen were under his control.

Governing many lives and making great changes with just a wave of his hand, this was already showing the ability of a Gu Immortal!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 423: Fang Yuan you little bastard! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Not selling gutstones, but selling rockmen instead?” He Feng Yang looked at the letter in his hand with a grim expression.

In Hu Immortal blessed land, the guts Gu from Dang Hun mountain was the thing Immortal Crane Sect needed the most. Once they had the guts Gu to raise the foundation of their disciples’ soul, Immortal Crane Sect’s strength in terms of disciples would rise by thirty percent.

Furthermore, gutstones could not leave Dang Hun mountain, they could only be used on the spot. Thus, with this reason, Immortal Crane Sect disciples could freely enter Hu Immortal blessed land. As time passed, Fang Yuan’s alertness would gradually fall, and Immortal Crane Sect would be free to set up some traps inside the blessed land.

But Fang Yuan adamantly refused to sell the gutstones, He Feng Yang was very troubled: “Since when did great Gu Immortals like myself have to be subjected to such difficulties from a mere mortal rascal?!”

He gritted his teeth as he thought, his handsome young face distorting with anger.

He had battle strength, but he could not display them. Fang Yuan was hiding inside the blessed land like a tortoise, he also had fixed immortal travel Gu and could leave at any time. He Feng Yang, and even the entire Immortal Crane Sect were afraid of his trump cards, and thus did not dare to attack.

“It seems the rockmen that Hu Immortal brought into her blessed land are still alive. But this Fang Yuan is selling so many of these rockmen now, just how many guts Gu did he use to create them!”

Thinking of this, He Feng Yang’s heart was bleeding.

Several months had passed since the last transaction. The time in Hu Immortal blessed land was five times faster, thus he had around a year or so.

Fang Yuan nurtured so many young and strong rockmen, if these expended guts Gu were given to Immortal Crane Sect, and used to nurture disciples, how good would that be?

But this rascal Fang Yuan, he would rather nurture rockmen than give these guts Gu to Immortal Crane Sect. His motives are execrable, execrable!

What made He Feng Yang most furious was not just this. Most importantly, he was angry at himself — these rockmen that Fang Yuan was selling, even if he was a Gu Immortal, his heart was moved.

In a blessed land, if there were ample rockmen, Gu immortals could develop their underground land and excavate large amounts of resources.

All sorts of metals, gems, ore, as well as Gu worms, underground animals, they could be endlessly obtained.

Other than that, if they had enough rockmen, they can build an underground city, this was, in a way, expanding the blessed land’s territory.

If there was no manpower in the blessed land, the resources Gu Immortals excavate would mostly be from the surface, it was limited. But if they had rockmen, and could even use the resources underground, the profits would be many times more than before.

Thus, in the market, rockmen were in high demand and low supply.

A rockman’s life is mostly spent on sleeping. An ordinary rockman lives to a thousand years old, in one life, they have four children.

It was not impossible to use soul path Gu worms on them to raise their soul’s strength, many Gu Immortals tried it, but none succeeded.

There was only one reason, cost.

The value of a soul path Gu worms greatly exceeded a single rockman.

Unless a Gu Immortal has a special need for rockmen, they would never profit from this.

In this world, only Fang Yuan who controlled Dang Hun mountain could nurture rockmen on such a scale.

Furthermore, the price Fang Yuan quoted in this transaction was also very appealing. Even if Immortal Crane Sect did not need it, they could resell it and earn at a huge profit.

But because this was such a good deal, He Feng Yang felt extremely troubled.

He knew this was bait from Fang Yuan.

Not afraid that you aren’t moved, just afraid you won’t take the bait!

Just as Fang Yuan had expected, He Feng Yang was already inclined towards the deal, not just him, Immortal Crane Sect would also be moved, and other Gu Immortals would also want this deal. The rockmen trading business could flourish for at least a hundred years.

“This wicked little rascal Fang Yuan, he is really devious. But with this batch of rockmen, I could show some results to supreme grand elder, second elder, and third elder, I can also make Lei Tan shut up. I can catch a breather in that case.” He Feng Yang breathed heavily, calming his mind.

He squinted his eyes, his mouth curling into a cold smile: “But don’t be too smug Fang Yuan. Tit for tat, if you don’t sell guts Gu, I will not sell relic Gu. Didn’t you want yellow gold relic Gu and purple crystal relic Gu? No way in hell!”

…

Fang Yuan laid on his chair, looking at Immortal Crane Sect’s reply.

Because blue charm lightning shadow was still guarding Tian Ti mountain, little Hu Immortal did not dare to open the blessed land’s doors, thus Immortal Crane Sect used the flying sword letter Gu this time.

Fang Yuan took a look and understood the content.

In He Feng Yang’s letter, other than agreeing to the deal, he also stated his objective: to buy guts Gu. For the guts Gu, he could sell relic Gu, or even lend a hand to help survive the seventh earthly calamity.

Fang Yuan chuckled continuously.

Letting He Feng Yang into Hu Immortal blessed land was a greater danger than the calamity itself, that was impossible.

As for the relic Gu, did he think that threat would be Fang Yuan’s weakness? What a laughable idea.

“I will definitely not sell the guts Gu, but I can sell rockmen, I have no worries about attracting Immortal Crane Sect. But I cannot just deal with Immortal Crane Sect alone, I also need to expand my business further.” Fang Yuan considered.

With his five hundred years of experience, Fang Yuan knew that his sale price as lower than the market value.

Immortal Crane Sect would definitely profit from this trade.

But this was also arranged by Fang Yuan.

That is because at the moment, he needed his identity as an Immortal Crane Sect disciple, thus he also needed to maintain and sustain this fictitious relationship.

“With this profit, He Feng Yang’s pressure would be lifted off him, he wants my blessed land, but I also need time to grow. After I become a Gu Immortal, would I still be afraid of Immortal Crane Sect?” Fang Yuan laughed plainly.

He looked at the letter again, at the end of it, He Feng Yang decided on a time, and requested Fang Yuan to open the door, to send in the hole earth Gu.

This was a very large scale transaction, Fang Yuan was going to sell sixty thousand rockmen. But these rockmen could not leave from the blessed land’s doors.

At the moment, that blue charm lightning shadow was still moving around Tian Ti mountain. If the doors were opened, and it managed to rush in, Fang Yuan would be in huge trouble.

Thus in this situation, he needed to use hole earth Gu.

This Gu was rank five, and consisted of two Gu, the main Gu and the sub Gu.

Its biggest use was to connect the two places with one tunnel. The Gu Master will enter from the sub Gu, and come out from the main Gu, similarly for the opposite direction as well.

Hole earth Gu was often used to connect two blessed lands. Normally, hole earth Gu was used to transport and send resources. During war or battles, reinforcements could be sent in via the hole earth Gu, assisting immediately.

“To undergo the transaction and send these rockmen away, hole earth Gu has to be used inevitably. But I am worried that your hole earth Gu might have some traps in it, I’d rather refine it myself.”

Fang Yuan thought about this and leaked the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, refining the flying sword letter Gu and rapidly writing a letter back to He Feng Yang.

Half a day later, He Feng Yang received the letter, looking at it only to find large amounts of Gu worms listed in it, and all sorts of ingredients.

“Oh? You don’t want to use my hole earth Gu, but you improved on the recipe and want to refine the new version yourself?” He Feng Yang was furious.

“Bullshit! Hole earth Gu has already been used for five hundred years, the recipe is known by all Gu Immortals, you think you can refine it further? Fang Yuan, this rascal’s alertness is too high, he wants to use this chance to extort me, so that I would not dare to reject his deals again. I don’t need to see to know that the relic Gu or spring egg Gu or some rare Gu worms in the strength path is included… eh? None?”

He Feng Yang gave it a glance, but did not see any relic Gu, spring egg Gu, or any strength path Gu listed.

But there were a lot of uncommon Gu, and even some low ranking Gu worms. The highest was rank five Gu worms, the earth path build a mountain Gu, normally used to increase the success rate of Gu refinement. Other than that, he requested a lot of rank four Gu, the commonly seen moving form Gu, and the very useful another perspective Gu.

He Feng Yang wavered: “Looking at this list, it seems he really is going to refine Gu. As long as his luck is okay, the materials are enough to refine three hole earth Gu. Don’t tell me, he really improved the recipe of hole earth Gu? No, Fang Yuan is a mere mortal, how can this be? But what if he has a Gu Immortal behind him?”

If it was an improved recipe, then the new Gu would definitely be far stronger than hole earth Gu.

He Feng Yang’s heart wavered.

Even if he could not get the recipe, after Fang Yuan succeeds the refinement, he would have to give the sub Gu to him. By then, he as a Gu immortal would be able to infer many details about the Gu from that sub Gu, and he has a high chance of recreating the same recipe.

Two days later, Fang Yuan received the letter.

Fang Yuan opened it and looked, just as he expected, He Feng Yang made all sorts of excuses inside the letter, intentionally reducing the amount of many materials and Gu worms, his motive was clear, he wanted to probe Fang Yuan’s true recipe.

Fang Yuan laughed and shook his head while sighing, this He Feng Yang was too meticulous in this thoughts, this was both a strength and a weakness.

Although they had interacted for merely a few times, Fang Yuan had already seen through him.

Fang Yuan replied blandly that He Feng Yang was not to reduce any of the materials, otherwise the refinement would fail.

But He Feng Yang continued to argue and bargain, he said so much garbage that he almost believed his own excuses.

After a few times, Fang Yuan “helplessly” chose to give in, writing another list.

“Lad, you are too young to compete with me.” He Feng Yang saw this letter than handed over a portion of the materials, while finding excuses to delay the others.

With the constant stalling, they wasted about eight to nine days.

Only until Fang Yuan showed an extremely helpless and angry attitude did He Feng Yang stop, realizing that the time was ripe, using the sixth list which had far less materials to do his research.

But his Gu refinement skills were not good, even after researching it thoroughly, and trying a few times, he did not get any results.

Half a month later, in central continent’s time, he received the hole earth Gu from Fang Yuan.

He received it like a treasure, going into deep research again.

But this time, he spent three days before successfully reverse-engineering the recipe.

Looking at this recipe, He Feng Yang screamed: “Fang Yuan, you little bastard! This is the normal recipe for hole earth Gu!”

Immediately, he screamed and scolded Fang Yuan calling him shameless, unscrupulous, devious, vile, and his insults even extended to Fang Yuan’s ancestors.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 424: We are going to slay an Immortal 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The west area of the blessed land was a vast grassland.

It was a scene of green that extended all over the place. A newborn fox was having fun playing with a fluttering butterfly.

In Hu Immortal blessed land, foxes were the strongest predator and thus had worry-free lives.

Although they suffered an extreme grave loss during the sixth earthly calamity, they did not die out completely. On the vast grassland, the fox groups were slowly but surely growing.

Suddenly, the space rippled and two figures appeared scaring the little fox away.

One was a man wearing a black robe, he was tall and valiant with black hair and eyes as deep as abyss. The other was a cute and young girl who was wearing colorful clothes, her eyes shone like stars and she had a snowy-white soft fluffy tail, the thin and long fur on her tail slightly shook with the wind.

They were none other than Fang Yuan and little Hu Immortal land spirit.

“The position is good, it should be here.” Fang Yuan looked around before taking out a hole earth Gu from his aperture.

This Gu looked like a walnut with a wooden and uneven surface, and was as large as a watermelon.

Hole earth Gu was a rank five Gu and required at least a rank five peak stage Gu Master to activate it with all his primeval essence.

Fang Yuan naturally could not do it, thus he gave the Gu to the land spirit.

After little Hu Immortal activated it, the hole earth Gu immediately burst out with intense scarlet rays of light before piercing into the ground.

In an instant, red light shot to the sky and 50km of ground shook.

The red light abruptly dissipated and a crack as big as two hundred and seventy feet appeared on the ground.

The soil around the crack bulged up and if one were to look from above, it would look like a person’s lips.

Immediately following, the two sides of the cracks slowly opened up and revealed two rows of compact cube blocks of rocks resembling human teeth.

The ‘teeth’ also opened up and revealed an eerie large cave.

“Master, I’m hungry…” The lips-like crack opened and closed, unexpectedly speaking in a loud voice, causing the nearby ground to shake.

Fang Yuan smiled and took out a primeval elder Gu.

He sent his primeval essence and the amiable looking old man’s happy expression gradually disappeared because large amounts of primeval stones were being taken out and thrown into the huge lips like crack.

After throwing in as much as two hundred thousand primeval stones, Fang Yuan stopped and put back the primeval elder Gu into his aperture.

The huge lips like crack slowly closed, its two rows of giant stone teeth started grinding the primeval stones into powder.

‘Gulp ‘, there was a loud sound like that of a person swallowing food, it echoed and shook the ground.

After swallowing these primeval stones, the lips-like crack calmed down and made no more noise.

At this point, the hole earth Gu could be said to have succeeded.

It could not be moved now, they would have to wait for He Feng Yang’s sub Gu to activate before the two sides could link.

Feeding the hole earth Gu was an extremely huge expenditure. It would have to be fed two hundred thousand primeval stones yearly. And a large amount of primeval stones needed to be used every time it was activated.

Which ordinary Gu Master could use it alone? Besides the large sects and clans, only the Gu Immortals with huge resources could raise it and activate these hole earth Gu.

“Land spirit, this place needs to be strictly guarded from now on. Enslave some fox groups and place them here.” Fang Yuan said while looking at the large lips-like crack.

“Yes, master.”

 …

“To protect our homes, we need to fight!”

“That damned immortal has come back stronger, we need to advance against this hardship. For a beautiful future and for our tribesmen, raise your fists!!”

“Although there are some grudges between us and the other two clans, they are all small conflicts within our stonemen tribes. This time, our three tribes will each send twenty thousand warriors to form an army to march west and attack the immortal’s nest.”

“This is a huge war, everything is for our people.”

“Our parents and ancestors gave their lives and souls to defeat the immortal, and create this peaceful life we are enjoying now. We need to follow the footsteps of our elders and advance courageously in this war!”

The land spirit mobilized fox groups to appear near the stonemen tribes. The higher ups of the stonemen tribes took advantage of this to quickly form an allied army.

The majestic allied army marched towards the west area.

On their way, they had five to six small scale fights; they all ended in the stonemen army’s victory while the fox groups had to retreat bit by bit.

“Look there! That is the demon’s nest!” Yan Yong walked in front towards the hole earth Gu.

“Oh Mother Earth, you are our mother and have nurtured us stonemen. Why do you shield such an abominable immortal?” Yan Yong shouted in deep pain.

The huge crack slowly opened and little Hu Immortal spoke after using a Gu worm to change her voice.

The stonemen heard the gentle voice of a woman: “Oh stonemen, my children. I did not want to shield that immortal, but he entered my stomach and is hiding in my heart, threatening me to protect him. I will open my mouth, please come in and eliminate him, I will give you my blessing!”

The stonemen were astonished at first before they started shouting enthusiastically.

“Mother Earth spoke!”

“We are the warriors blessed by Mother Earth!”

“How despicable is this immortal, actually threatening our benevolent and gentle Mother Earth. We will definitely cut him into a thousand pieces!!”

The allied army of the stonemen felt their morale rising to the limit.

The large lips like crack opened wide. Yan Yong took the lead and shouted: “Stonemen, charge!”

He then jumped into the cave.

“Charge, we can’t let our tribes’ hero fight alone.”

“Charge, we are fearless, we are omnipotent, we will kill the immortal!”

“Mother Earth is on our side, this battle will be our win!”

The stonemen jumped like dumplings into the large crack.

They fell down the dark tunnel for a while before they landed on the ground.

“Where is this? It is completely dark.”

“This is even darker than underground, we can’t see anything.”

“How can we fight if we can’t see?”

The stonemen were feeling doubtful when suddenly there was a huge coughing sound. A ball of light suddenly burst open above their heads. Rapid airflow instantly formed and carried them, as they were shot out.

“Two hundred thirty, two hundred forty…” Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples were standing beside the hole earth Gu’s sub Gu and were meticulously counting the stonemen that were shot out.

After the stonemen were shot out by the huge lips-like crack, they were immediately restrained by Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples when they fell on the ground, unable to resist and unable to move.

Yan Yong and some stonemen elders stood at the side, looking at this scene in fear and their heads were lowered.

He Feng Yang had been furious after being played by Fang Yuan, but he eventually took consideration of the whole situation and did not smash the hole earth Gu’s sub Gu under his anger, but instead planted it on Fei He mountain.

As for the stonemen…

Fang Yuan used their belief in Mother Earth and then used the fox groups and the stonemen higher ups to smoothly entice sixty thousand young stonemen into Fei He mountain and sell them.

Man is the spirit of all living beings.

In this world, apart from the humans born from Ren Zu’s proper bloodline, there were also variant humans.

Variant humans might be more intelligent compared to other lifeforms but they were far from having human wisdom. Hairy men were ignorant, eggmen were innocent and stonemen were naive and barbaric…

Even a smart seven or eight year old child could deceive them. Whether it was Southern Border or Central Continent, such things often happened – some kids would bump into hairy men or stonemen at some place and deceive them all the way to the market. The variant humans would be ignorant even after being sold off, still the counting the money for them.

With this transaction Fang Yuan earned over one million six hundred thousand primeval stones.

Although each of the sixty thousand stonemen were young and energetic, they could not match the value of a swamp crab. On top of that Fang Yuan had to pay for the Gu refinement materials and there was the loss of sixty-five thousand primeval stones to use the hole earth Gu, and he also bought some common materials.

He Feng Yang had raised the price by ten percent as revenge, and also decreased many things Fang Yuan requested.

Fang Yuan did not care, the things he really wanted were already in his hands.

After the transaction was over, Yan Yong and the other stonemen elders followed the hole earth Gu back to Hu Immortal blessed land. Fang Yuan had already arranged a proper explanation to them and was sure the stonemen tribes would not rebel. Even if there was a rebellion, he could kill them and raise another batch. In any case, there were still a lot of gutstones on Dang Hun mountain.

Fang Yuan calmed down in his mind and continued his cultivation.

However, at rank four peak stage, nine eyes liquor worm had lost its use.

Liquor worm could purify the quality of the primeval essence, but only by a small realm. Fang Yuan was now at rank four peak stage and possessed the peak stage true gold primeval essence. Another step forward would be rank five initial stage light purple primeval essence.

Fang Yuan sealed the nine eyes liquor worm.

This Gu worm had accompanied him since Qing Mao mountain. From rank one liquor worm to current rank four nine eyes liquor worm, now it could finally retire.

By simply relying on true gold primeval essence to nurture his aperture, Fang Yuan’s cultivation had become slower.

Naturally because he was at Hu Immortal blessed land, his cultivation speed was at least five times faster than the ordinary Gu Masters in the outside world.

“With this speed, I will have at least rank five middle stage cultivation or even near to upper stage by the time the seventh earthly calamity strikes.”

Fang Yuan possessed A grade aptitude now, breaking through to rank five was not a problem. However, the higher the Gu Master’s cultivation, the more time it would take for them to advance.

He had taken the purple crystal relic Gu into consideration when he said rank five middle stage.

Such speed compared to the five hundred years of his previous life was countless times better. Now, he was just slightly above thirty and was already at rank four peak stage. While in his previous life, at this age, he was still struggling at rank two realm.

“But this speed is still slow. There is the seventh earthly calamity outside in the blessed land while I have a great internal threat called Spring Autumn Cicada!”

Fang Yuan calculated that he would have to leave the blessed land in at most three years and go through a series of adventures. At least, he needed to find smooth success Gu or immediate success Gu to use on Spring Autumn Cicada and obtain a greater opportunity to live.

“Sigh! How I hope I could just keep on cultivating in the blessed land like Feng Jiu Ge and roam the world after reaching Gu Immortal realm.”

Spring Autumn Cicada’s ability to let the Gu Master rebirth was not fake, but there were too many restrictions. Even if the rebirth succeeded, the Gu Master would have to guard against it bursting their aperture. If there was not such a great fault, Fang Yuan’s cultivation would be many times easier.

“For the next three years, I will have to refine Gu, use gutstones to expand the stonemen population and sell them for all kinds of resources.”

However, while Fang Yuan’s plan was near flawless, it could not compete against fate’s prank.

Merely a month later, a huge change occured that gave him no choice but to leave the blessed land to an earlier date.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 425: Immortal Gu and Mud 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Crack.

Fang Yuan crushed a gutstone in his hand, immediately, mud flowed out, staining his palm.

Fang Yuan’s gaze was solemn, he picked another rock on the mountain and held it in his hand.

His hand was stained with yellow mud, with a slow speed, it was slowly disintegrating the rock, turning the hard rock into more mud.

A moment later, Fang Yuan could distinctly feel the rock shrinking.

After ten minutes, the rock completely turned into mud, vanishing.

The yellow mud flowed down the space between Fang Yuan’s finger, flowing onto Dang Hun mountain and continuing to cause damage to the mountain.

Fang Yuan was quiet for a moment before speaking, asking: “How severe is the situation?”

Little Hu Immortal wiped her tears as she sobbed, answering: “Most of Dang Hun mountain had been affected by the mud. Six out of ten of the gutstones below the mountain waist is turning into mud. Master, what do we do? Dang Hun mountain is going to perish… sob sob , it is my fault, I did not notice it earlier.”

Fang Yuan patted little Hu Immortal’s head, consoling: “This is not your fault, you do not need to blame yourself. The culprit is that swamp crab, as expected of a desolate beast, as expected of an earthly calamity!”

Land spirits’ abilities are all different, they all differed and were greatly dependent on the Gu Immortals and their blessed lands.

He sighed, continuing: “I was still rejoicing earlier than the desolate beast did not have an Immortal Gu. It turns out this swamp crab used an expenditure type Immortal Gu and hid the Gu’s power inside this mud. Nothing happens if it comes into contact with flesh, but all mountain rocks would be turned into mud upon touching it.”

During the calamity earlier, the swamp crab spewed out large volumes of mud, and the crab army appeared from within the mud.

Fang Yuan killed an immense number of crabs, but little did he know, the real trump card was the mud itself.

Fang Yuan guessed that this is the effect of the rank six gruel mud Gu.

Gruel mud Gu was a naturally formed Gu, very commonly seen as rank one and two, and still rather popular as rank three and four. It was often used by Gu Masters to build cities. As rank five Gu were rare, many rank five Gu Masters would choose to temporarily use this gruel mud Gu when they did not have a good rank five Gu. When this rises to rank six, there would only be one in the world, and this Gu was a one time expenditure type.

Gruel mud Gu can only be used on mud, evidently, the swamp that swamp crab used to live in was created from the effects of gruel mud Gu. The swamp crab ate and defecated mud in the swamp every day, thus it was able to bring the ability of the gruel mud Gu into Hu Immortal blessed land.

After the swamp crab died, although the battlefield was cleaned up, large amounts of mud had already seeped into the mountain, moving deep underground.

Gruel mud Immortal Gu’s ability was so hidden, and there was no Immortal Gu aura in the yellow mud, if Fang Yuan had not ordered the rockmen to crush the gutstones, he might not have found out at all.

But even if he found out early, he had no ability to stop this during the calamity.

Fang Yuan’s expression was still as water.

Dang Hun mountain was being corroded by an Immortal Gu, slowly turning into yellow mud, this was a great nightmare!

The last valuable thing in this blessed land was this mountain. He wanted to rely on this mountain to nurture and sell rockmen. In the future, his own soul strengthening will also depend on this mountain. He could not sit around and watch the situation worsen.

At once, Fang Yuan ordered little Hu Immortal to clear out as much yellow mud as possible.

This way, the danger was greatly slowed.

But Dang Hun mountain’s interior was also corroded, this method could not cure the root of the problem. This was the power of the gruel mud Immortal Gu, to remove it, he needed to use an Immortal Gu’s power!

“I took such a huge risk to obtain this sacred land for soul strengthening. Even after I become an Immortal, this mountain is still extremely valuable. I cannot let it be destroyed. Heaven does not want this sacred land to end up in the hands of men, thus it sent such a calamity, but I will defy heaven. Hehe, competing with men, competing with heaven, this is the fun of life, that’s all there is.”

With Fang Yuan’s knowledge, he was not helpless and without a solution.

He thought of more than ten ways to solve this, after eliminating half of which were not feasible, and removing those which were too hard, he was left with three solutions.

The first solution was the earth path rank six turn rock Gu. This Gu was in western desert, held in the hands of rank six Gu Immortal Sun Cu. Sun Cu is a righteous path Gu Master, he used this Gu to turn sand into rocks, in order for people to build structures in the desert, he was very popular and received gratitude from the people. He was kind hearted but not resolute, he loved his family and doted on his granddaughter the most, if Fang Yuan could hold her hostage, he would definitely comply.

The second solution was another earth path rank six Immortal Gu, called ‘Rebuilding Mount Dongshan’. This Gu had already been refined, it was hidden in eastern sea’s Hai Shi blessed land, Fang Yuan could enter the blessed land and use an Immortal Gu to exchange for this Gu.

The third was the time path rank six Immortal Gu ‘A Mountain Like Before’. This Gu had not existed yet, it was not naturally formed. Its owner is Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he was still a rank five Gu Master in northern plains at the moment.

“In southern border on San Cha mountain, I refined fixed immortal travel Gu in public, it is obvious without a doubt that southern border is already in a huge commotion over it. A mortal that possesses an Immortal Gu, I’m afraid all those Gu Immortals in southern border are all notified now, and are looking for me all over the continent.”

Until Fang Yuan becomes a Gu Immortal, he was not going to step into southern border again.

“Although the five regions are isolated, the super clan Yi clan has a relationship with a mysterious organisation in eastern sea. It will take at least two to three years until the news of me refining an Immortal Gu reaches central continent, but that might not be the case for eastern sea.”

Fang Yuan eliminated eastern sea.

“As for western desert, it’s the place where caravans flourish the most. Cities after cities, surviving using the oasis in the desert. If I can sell the rockmen there, I would earn a ton of profits. Unfortunately, a flourishing caravan trade means that information also travels fast. As a southern border Gu Master, I am an easy target. Once I reach there, I’d probably be marked the moment I enter a city.”

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he roamed around all five regions during the five hundred years, finally choosing central continent to settle down, and become a Gu Immortal. Thus, he had a clear understanding of western desert.

“Compared to western desert, northern plains is a huge grassland, all sorts of tribes graze their livestock, migrate, battle, and procreate there. There is high mobility and some small-mid tribes have chaotic management, I can easily blend in with them.”

Western desert was different from northern plains.

In western desert, humans relied on oasis to live, thus people are always gathered together. As long as the oasis is intact, nobody would make life difficult for themselves and go to another living area by making a dangerous and arduous desert journey.

But in northern plains, tribes have to move around often, finding rich and fertile land to relocate to. The weather there is ever-changing, strong weather conditions can destroy homes in a night, tribes have no choice but to move. Because of this, the high mobility among tribes also cause conflicts to occur often, and battles often takes place. Thus, the number of Gu Masters in northern plains is the highest, and they are also the ones most skilled at fighting among the five regions.

If Fang Yuan chooses western desert, abducting a hostage and threatening a Gu Immortal would cause a huge and lasting impact on the stability of western desert.

But if he chose northern plains, even if he killed the rank five Gu Master Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it would only be a mild commotion. In a few months, people will forget him.

Fang Yuan thought it through, and decided that the chaotic northern plains is most suitable for his actions.

Sun Cu in western desert is already a Gu Immortal, while Tai Bai Yun Sheng in northern plains is still a rank five peak stage.

After deciding on his destination, Fang Yuan started to think hard, compiling all the important information he had in his memories, to organise his plans for northern plains.

Plans do not keep up with changes, ever since rebirth, his plans had been changing continuously.

The first time was on Qing Mao mountain when he became A rank aptitude, it was a huge breakthrough and thus caused a shift. San Cha mountain was the second change, Fang Yuan soared to the sky in a single step, making all his plans unusable.

Although there were still benefits in the great battle of Yi Tian mountain, he could no longer stay in southern border.

As for central continent, that would be even worse.

He was a mortal, the ten righteous sects, the whole of Immortal Crane Sect, and all the demonic Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain were looking at him.

As long as he did not reach Gu Immortal realm, he would have to stay inside the blessed land, unable to come out.

He had also planned to do that, growing his strength inside Hu Immortal blessed land.

The blessed land had ample resources, Fang Yuan wanted to be like Feng Jiu Ge, cultivating in secret until he reached Gu Immortal realm, and get rid of the biggest problem called Spring Autumn Cicada.

Although Fang Yuan was a risk-taker, and liked to make profitable gambles, often struggling at death’s door, it did not mean he rejected a peaceful and stable life.

Refusing to stay in a safe environment, and wanting to go around and create trouble for himself, taking risks and getting himself into danger, that is a fool.

Loneliness, solidarity, boredom, those were not obstacles to Fang Yuan’s cultivation.

If he did not have the nature to endure these, how could he walk on the road to success?

But the world never goes your way, problems often find you when you least want it.

Fang Yuan wanted to cultivate in secret, developing the blessed land as he lived in peace. Although Immortal Crane Sect was trouble, Fang Yuan kept the initiative the entire time, although the other party is strong, they cannot do anything to him at the moment.

The future prospects were great, his life was going smoothly, everything had changed for the better. But at this moment, a problem happened to Dang Hun mountain!

To Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun mountain’s importance is insurmountable. If anything happens to this mountain, Fang Yuan’s transactions would crumble, and his cultivation plans would turn into a mere dream.

Thus, Fang Yuan had to change his plans, leaving the blessed land and entering northern plains.

“Thankfully, I planned in advance, and made a few backup plans, otherwise, I would be extremely caught off-guard now.”

For the next few months, Fang Yuan spent all his efforts on Gu refinement.

He used the rank four golden and silver cup Gu, combining with rank four another perspective Gu and rank four moving form Gu to refine the rank five moving perspective cup Gu.

Next, he refined dusty Gu, bright pearl Gu, dark toss Gu and earth treasury flower king Gu.

“Land spirit, during the days I’m gone, follow my instructions.” Before leaving, Fang Yuan instructed.

Little Hu Immortal’s eyes were red as she said reluctantly: “Master, I am waiting for you here, you have to return quickly.”

Saying so, she used the green grape immortal essence and injected it into fixed immortal travel Gu.

With the burst of a jade-green light, Fang Yuan vanished on the spot.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Howl!

In the night sky on the grassland, poison beard wolf king raised its head, howling loudly for a long time.

The ears of the few hundred poison beard wolves near it twitched, as their bodies shot out like arrows.

The wolves split into two, moving in a tight army-like formation.

The young girl Ge Yao ran for her life.

But her horse had already died, as her small red shoes stepped on the mud, she felt like her legs were tied with lead, extremely heavy.

The sprinting poison beard wolves successfully encircled her, and the two ends met. They were afraid of the young girl’s Gu worms, thus they only circled around her and did not attack immediately.

All of a sudden, a poison beard wolf lost its patience and jumped out. Moving quickly, its body turned into a lump of black shadow as it charged towards Ge Yao.

Ge Yao shouted, using her Gu worms. As she pointed her finger, a light blue water arrow flew out.

The water arrow pierced through the poison beard wolf’s head accurately while spiraling.

This courageous wolf died on the spot, its corpse fell on the slightly rotten grassland as it tumbled backwards, until it stopped moving forever.

Bright red blood quickly flowed out of its wounds, staining the grass nearby.

The restless wolves stopped momentarily, but soon the smell of blood spread in the air and the wildness and savageness of the wolves were brought out.

At once, hundreds of poison beard wolves started howling.

Ge Yao’s beautiful face was full of regret and despair.

She should not have come out alone, to this poison grassland, trying to find some spirea. Now she was in a deadly situation, about to be torn apart and eaten by wolves.

“Sorry father, I am not longer able to take care of you!”

“Daughter knows that you arranged a marriage for my own good. But daughter does not want to marry…”

“Oh our ancestors in longevity heaven, if you can hear me, listen to my prayer and send a courageous warrior to save me.”

The attack earlier had expended Ge Yao’s last bit of white silver primeval essence. Ge Yao could only pray now.

The wolves lost their patience, the wolf king howled, and all the poison beard wolves charged towards the girl at the center, giving off an impressive aura.

“I am going to die!” Ge Yao’s expression paled, she looked at the wolf group in a daze, she was helpless.

Right at this moment, a bright jade-green light flashed.

The poison beard wolves shut their eyes due to the light, howling in pain. The wolves that charged ahead knocked into one another, falling and causing a chain reaction, as their assault failed and the scene turned into chaos.

“What happened?” Ge Yao was shocked, ignoring her tears, she looked over.

From the jade-green light, the silhouette of a young man could be seen.

After the light faded, a naked man appeared in front of Ge Yao.

“A… a man?” Ge Yao’s eyes were wide open, her mouth formed into an ‘o’ shape, she had an unbelievable thought: “Did my ancestors in longevity heaven listen to my prayers and send a savior to me?!”

But why was this savior naked?!

A huge question appeared in Ge Yao’s mind.

“I reached northern plains?” Stepping on the grass barefooted, Fang Yuan looked around quickly.

“Oh? Why is there a human here… and wolves?” Fang Yuan squinted, to think that an accident occurred the moment he reached northern plains.

This trip to northern plains had to be kept secret, to think that he was exposed so quickly.

The wolf king howled, turning around as it opened its mouth, attacking Fang Yuan with its sharp and pointy teeth, targeting his neck.

“Hmph, a mere hundred beast king…” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light, as a golden dragon appeared before him.

Rank four golden dragon Gu!

Roar!

The four clawed golden dragon roared, brandishing its claws as it flew towards the poison beard wolf king, crashing into it.

This hundred beast king’s body was completely smashed, all its bones broke as it was sent flying like a rag. After crashing onto the ground, it struggled, but could not get up.

Fang Yuan frowned slightly, using another golden dragon to finish off the wolf king.

After the wolf king died, the wolf group broke down as they all escaped several miles away in a few breaths’ time.

Only the wolf king’s corpse was left, and also the young girl Ge Yao who was staring at Fang Yuan blankly.

Fang Yuan directed his dark eerie gaze towards this young girl.

The young girl was wearing a leather robe exclusive to northern plains, the robe was blue and white, with golden rims at the edges, showing off elegance and purity.

There was a purple gold belt at her waist, and also many beautiful and small accessories on her black lustrous hair.

She also had bright red leather shoes.

Her skin was slightly dark, but still had a pinkish tone, it was the unique skintone of northern plains natives. Her body was slim and strong, like a cute little deer.

Ge Yao retreated one step after Fang Yuan’s stare, and she asked curiously: “Who are you? Are you sent from longevity heaven, the hero who is tasked to save me?”

Before waiting for Fang Yuan’s reply, she continued: “I am a member of Ge tribe, my name is Ge Yao. My father is the tribe leader of Ge tribe, young warrior, you saved my life, you will be most welcomed in Ge tribe. Oh, I have not asked for your name yet.”

Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Beautiful lady of the grassland, just call me Chang Shan Yin. Longevity Heaven is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s place of residence, how could I have come from there, I am but a mere Gu Master.”

Saying so, he took out a wine cup from his aperture.

The top half of this cup was gold, the bottom was silver. It was rank five and was used as storage, it was the moving perspective cup Gu that Fang Yuan refined in the blessed land.

After Fang Yuan injected primeval essence into it, he took out a set of clothing.

This was a set of black tight-fitting battle attire, after wearing it, Fang Yuan gave off a sturdy and valiant aura.

During the process, Ge Yao stared at him fixatedly, her heart pounding as her face turned red.

The young women in the grassland were this open about their feelings.

After Fang Yuan wore his clothes, he walked towards the corpse of the poison beard wolf king.

Poison beard wolves were commonly seen in northern plains. But different from other wolves, they did not have a strand of fur, instead their bodies were black and their skin looked it it was covered in a layer of enamel. They did not have ears, only two long moustaches that were five inches long. When they ran, their moustache will sway along the wind, beside their bodies. When they fought, the moustache will stand up straight.

Fang Yuan searched but did not gain anything.

This poison beard wolf was a hundred beast king, it had rank two Gu worms in it.

There were two rank two Gu worms on this wolf, acid Gu and poison needle Gu.

Acid Gu could allow it to shoot out green acid from its mouth, corroding flesh or even steel and rocks. Poison needle Gu shot out poison needles, it was an offensive technique.

But unfortunately, Fang Yuan only got fragments of these two Gu.

There were no defensive Gu on this wolf king, no wonder it was so easily killed by Fang Yuan.

Normally, beast kings could have enslavement Gu in them. For example, on a dog king, there might be dog enslavement Gu, on a wolf king, there might be wolf enslavement Gu.

Even if it was a rank two wolf enslavement Gu, Fang Yuan needed it now.

Just as Fang Yuan was searching the wolf corpse, Ge Yao walked over: “Chang Shan Yin, your name sounds familiar. Are you a member of Chang tribe? But looking at your clothes, you seem to be an outsider? Are you from eastern sea? Central continent? Or western desert?”

Fang Yuan stood up: “I am from northern plains.”

The young girl pouted, showing her white teeth as she laughed: “Liar! We northern plains natives do not have an accent like yours. Warrior Chang Shan Yin, don’t worry, you saved my life, you are a benefactor of the Ge tribe, we will not ostracise you.”

 Be it central continent, southern border, or northern plains, as long as it is an outsider, they will be ostracised.

Before waiting for Fang Yuan’s reply, the bubbly girl pointed at fixed immortal travel Gu on Fang Yuan’s shoulder, asking: “Warrior Chang Shan Yin, this Gu on your shoulder is so beautiful, what Gu is this? Did you bring this Gu over?”

Fang Yuan’s gaze concentrated, observing this young girl’s expression. She was not acting or pretending, she really had shallow knowledge, she did not know this fixed immortal travel Gu, this made Fang Yuan slightly relieved.

The killing intent in his heart surged, but he showed an honest and sincere smile on the outside: “Beautiful young girl, are you a lark? Why are you constantly chirping non-stop. Hehehe, alright, I have to go, until we meet again!”

Fang Yuan raised his head, looking at the stars in the sky, trying to determine the direction.

Next, he walked past Ge Yao, towards the deeper parts of the poison grassland.

The young girl quickly caught up: “I am not a lark, it’s your fault for being so mysterious, and appearing so suddenly. Heyheyhey, don’t go there. This direction is the way out of poison grassland.”

“I am going inside.” Fang Yuan replied without turning around.

“Why are you going in? The deeper you go into the poison grassland, the more dangerous it gets. Although you are rank three peak stage, your fists cannot rival an entire wolf pack.” Ge Yao sprinted towards Fang Yuan, urging him.

The five regions of the Gu world were independent, when Gu Masters cross regions, their battle strength will be suppressed by one rank.

Fang Yuan was a southern border Gu Master, when he is in northern plains, he will be suppressed when battling. Although his aperture still has rank four peak stage true gold primeval essence, the effectiveness was only at rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence.

Thus, Ge Yao felt that his aura was rank three peak stage.

In addition, the rank four golden dragon Gu from southern border could only display the strength of a rank three Gu.

If this was southern border, one blow from the golden dragon Gu would have killed this poison beard wolf without doubt. But here in northern plains, Fang Yuan had to use it twice to kill the wolf king, and the wolf king’s corpse was still intact at the end.

Fang Yuan’s steps halted, as he looked at Ge Yao with a solemn expression and a determined gaze: “I am going into poison grassland for my own reasons.”

Ge Yao was stunned by this aura, reacting only after Fang Yuan had walked a few steps away.

The girl quickly chased him: “Warrior Chang Shan Yin, I’ll go with you, we can take care of each other.”

“Got her.” Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a smile.

His currently battle strength was only rank three peak stage, it was insufficient to charge into poison grasslands’ deepest part. Thus, he needed northern plains Gu worms to arm himself.

But even if he killed Ge Yao, he might not get her set of Gu worms. Thus, Fang Yuan set a little trap, purposely acting distant, easily tricking the young girl into joining him.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 427: Just take me 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Although this was Fang Yuan’s motive and Ge Yao took the initiative to join him, Fang Yuan still asked her: “Take care of each other? What do I need you for?”

Saying so, he ran his eyes over her, his tone carried a hint of arrogance.

The girl immediately raised her head: “Don’t you know the poison grassland is filled with purple poison fog and you will be poisoned if you breathe it for a long time. I have detoxification Gu worms with me. Also the deeper you go, the denser the poison fog will become as ghosts and spirits will also appear. At that time, you won’t be able to distinguish the direction, and only my return heart Gu can point out the correct way back.”

Guuuu…

As the girl said this, her stomach suddenly let out a hungry rumbling sound.

Fang Yuan glanced at her stomach and the girl immediately felt her face go red.

She explained while stammering: “This… my big stomach horse was eaten by the poison beard wolves. My primeval stones and rations were all stored there.”

Big stomach horse was a mount that was extremely popular in northern plains. It had two stomachs; one was used to consume food and another was used to store goods.

The Gu Masters of northern plains usually used this type of big stomach horse when relocating their homes.

Fang Yuan curiously asked: “Since your father is Ge tribe’s tribe leader, why are you – his own daughter – using such a common mount?”

“Sigh, he kept my Gu away from me. Being able to escape alone with a big stomach horse and preparing so much resources was already amazing!”

Ge Yao spoke frankly but right after saying it, she felt something wrong and her expression turned sluggish as she realized what she had said.

“Escaped? Could it be that you are escaping from marriage?” Fang Yuan raised his brows.

The little girl exclaimed in surprise and looked at Fang Yuan with wide eyes: “Do you have mind reading Gu? How did you know?”

Fang Yuan laughed, he was only guessing but it was not without any evidence.

In northern plains, the position of women was much lower than that of men, even being treated as goods and casually sold in markets. In southern border, there were female clan leaders, but northern plains had no such precedence and women were not allowed to be in power.

Why was that so?

This tradition dated back to the era of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.

In Fang Yuan’s memories, during these three years, many great heroes would fight for supremacy in northern plains and a great storm would blow. Eventually, Hei tribe leader Hei Lou Lan succeeded and became the lord of the imperial court for ten years. He was also the most controversial lord of the grassland in future generations.

Hei Lou Lan was extremely lecherous, and after becoming the ruler of the grassland, he made beauties of many tribes part of his harem. But on other hand, he made a new policy to raise women’s status and attempted to create gender equality.

This gravely infringed upon all forces’ interests and led to conflicts, causing an institutional turmoil among all northern plains tribes.

Thus, Hei Lou Lan had only been the lord of the grassland for two years when he was deceived by his own tribesmen to go outside the imperial court and was killed secretly. Immediately following, all tribes allied to overthrow Hei tribe’s rule and again contended for the position of the ruler of the imperial court. The bloodshed and war lasted for an entire five years before it settled.

After this chaotic war, every tribe of northern plain suffered great losses. And in the future, when Central Continent attacked the four other regions, this became the greatest weakness of northern plains.

A lot of northern plains women thus choose to run away in order to avoid marriage. This girl standing before him had come alone to poison grassland even though she was the daughter of the tribe leader. Fang Yuan naturally made such a guess.

Fang Yuan took out food from moving perspective cup Gu and gave them to Ge Yao.

This girl seemed to be very hungry; she wolfed down the food and rolled her eyes, slurring her words: “It was Man Duo of Man tribe who wanted to marry me. He is Man tribe leader’s third son and is thin and small, like a monkey. Moreover, he is suffering from illness and only has rank two cultivation. Usually, he would rely on his father to act tyrannically in his tribe. He has not the slightest bit of heroic spirit! I don’t want to marry to such a good-for-nothing.”

“But Man tribe was a huge force while our Ge tribe has just migrated over with greatly reduced strength. Man tribe’s betrothal gift was also very grand and they also promised to give a piece of fertile grassland to my Ge tribe. Father wanted these gifts and tried to marry me off. And so in my fury, I fled. Warrior Chang Shan Yin, how about you snatch me?”

Northern plains had simple and coarse customs. One of their customs was bride kidnapping.

The snatched bride was often more precious than an officially married wife.

Fang Yuan laughed: “I have no interest in you, eat quickly, we will leave after you are full.”

Ge Yao’s dark pupils darted around: “There is another method, that is, you can marry into my Ge tribe. According to the grassland customs, only a brave warrior can possess beauties. Even if Man tribe wants to find trouble, it has to be done according to the customs; Man Duo, that skinny monkey would have to challenge you to a fight. Warrior Chang Shan Yin, you are so strong, you will certainly beat that Man Duo to a pulp!”

Fang Yuan stopped smiling: “I said I don’t have any interest in you.”

Ge Yao, however, became even more passionate and displayed northern plains women’s characteristic boldness and wildness: “Why don’t you have any interest? Could it be that I am not beautiful? I am the flower of Ge tribe, that kid Man Duo glanced at me from afar and fell for me at first sight, asking his father to propose the marriage! Warrior Chang Shan Yin, there are benefits for you as well in living with my Ge tribe. You are an outsider, if you don’t marry into the tribe, others will not take you as one of their own and you will suffer exclusion and vigilance in northern plains.”

Fang Yuan said with a solemn tone: “I said I am a northern plains native.”

Ge Yao gave a sweet smile: “Warrior, you can’t deceive me. Your accent revealed your background, and your food is also not the northern plain’s biscuits and dried meat. Just take me, don’t you think our encounter is the arrangement of longevity heaven?”

Fang Yuan lowered his head to cover the cold light that was vaguely flashing in his eyes as the smile on his face became deeper.

“Let me consider it for a while, don’t be in such a hurry to decide.” Fang Yuan said and gave some primeval stones to Ge Yao.

Ge Yao nodded: “You have to think about it properly… properly.”

She took the primeval stones and said with a cautious tone: “I will return these primeval stones to you in the future.”

Fang Yuan nodded.

Ge Yao did not speak anymore and concentrated on absorbing the primeval stones to replenish her primeval essence and recover her strength as fast as possible.

As they continued moving deeper into the poison grassland, the thin poison in the air gradually became denser. They were unnoticeable before to the naked eyes, but now one could clearly see the light purple color.

“Stop, there is a wolf pack!” Ge Yao suddenly stopped, her gaze revealing panic.

Clearly, the battle with the poison beard wolves had left a deep impression on her.

Fang Yuan stopped, and after three breaths of time, he discovered the tracks of the wolf pack with his investigative Gu worm.

He could not help but glance at Ge Yao, indeed as a tribeswoman, the investigative Gu worm on her was great.

Fang Yuan had refined this rank four investigative Gu in Hu Immortal blessed land. But in northern plains, it was suppressed and could not compare to Ge Yao’s rank three Gu.

The wolf pack’s excited howls got louder and louder.

Soon, hundreds of poison beard wolves appeared in their vision.

“So many wolves!” Ge Yao’s face turned pale and her delicate body trembled as she took in a breath of cold air. The wolf pack’s numbers were many times higher than the previous ones, reaching close to a thousand.

The stronger the beast king, more the number of beasts they could control; this hundred beast king was clearly much stronger than the previous one.

“Hmph, what are you panicking for? Just protect yourself.” Fang Yuan snorted and fiercely stomped his foot, charging forward.

Ge Yao exclaimed in shock at this, she wanted to call out to Fang Yuan but he had already entered the wolf pack.

Many poison beard wolves ran and charged at Ge Yao.

The girl shouted in her delicate voice: “Water armor!”

Immediately, water vapor condensed and formed into a layer of light blue armor that covered here whole body.

“Spiral water arrow Gu!”

She extended her finger and a spiral water arrow flew out.

Whoosh whoosh whoosh!

She killed three poison beard wolves instantly while injuring five or six more.

But at the same time, a dozen poison beard wolves came charging at her.

The girl panicked and retreated, responding in a flustered manner.

“Water dragon Gu!” She pushed with her palms and a three clawed water dragon whistled out and swept through the surroundings, increasing the water vapor in the air.

With the appearance of the water dragon, Ge Yao was able to control the situation.

“Warrior Chang Shan Yin, don’t die!” The girl immediately looked at the center of the wolf pack.

She was almost stunned at the sight.

The scene she saw was not what she had expected, she only saw Fang Yuan charging all over the wolf pack, every collision would send large numbers of poison beard wolves flying.

The ferocious poison beard wolves seemed to be weaker than sheep in front of him.

His whole body was covered in a layer of bright golden light armor, and a golden dragon came out occasionally, sweeping through the surroundings. There were so many poison beard wolves, but they could not subdue him.

He was fierce and fearless, his fighting style was extremely valiant, his every move would cause the wind to scream. His strength was so huge that as long as a poison beard wolf came into contact with his fists or kicks, their skeleton would definitely shatter and they would howl with pain, no longer able to stand up.

Not only that, he was also fighting an intense battle with the wolf king.

This poison beard wolf king was indeed very strong. Lightning flickered arounds its whole body, and it occasionally shot out green venom. Its movement speed was so fast that it created an afterimage when it ran.

“This wolf king has at least three wild Gu.” Ge Yao’s heart sank as she learnt this, becoming worried for Fang Yuan.

Soon, the girl let go of her worry and admiration towards Fang Yuan rose in her heart.

Fang Yuan fought in a smart manner, he was continuously on the move and did not blindly engage with the wolf king, instead using the ordinary poison beard wolves to hinder the wolf king’s movement.

The wolf king had movement Gu but it was restrained by the wolf pack and could only passively take a beating.

Fang Yuan’s fists attacked its targets with high power; Ge Yao’s blood boiled at the scene.

“This is a true man!” She exclaimed in her mind and after disposing of the poison beard wolves around her, she shouted loudly and sent the water dragon to kill the wolf pack.

She was after all a rank three middle stage Gu Master, she was not to be underestimated. The wolf pack immediately turned chaotic from the attacks and a large portion of them rushed towards her.

Fang Yuan’s expression changed as he shouted: “Who told you to come? Move to the side!”

The girl’s face turned pale at the wolf pack’s counterattack and immediately retreated.

Fang Yuan continued to attack with boundless vigor and after spending a huge effort, he finally turned the wolf pack’s attention back to him.

After some time, he suddenly activated a beast phantom and smashed the wolf king’s defense.

Taking this chance, he got close to the wolf king and pressed its skull down to the ground, then he ruthlessly smashed it.

It was a brutal scene. This wolf king that was on the verge of becoming a thousand beast king was beaten to death by Fang Yuan.