Glancing at Kai, she lingered for a moment, and said with a semblance of decorum:

"I will be going, then. Please inform me immediately if there is any news about the investigation, Lord Kal."

Then, she turned to Nephis:

"Are you coming? You must be tired after healing all these people."

Nephis considered it, then shook her head.

"I'll catch up with Kai. You go. There has to be a lot of things you have to deal with."

A dark smile appeared on Morgan's face.

"Ah, yes. I do now. Are you sure, though? Who says that there won't be a secondary attack? If someone manages to kill you, father will be terribly cross with me."

Nephis raised her chin a little.

Her voice remained even when she said:

"...Is there someone who can kill me?"

Morgan remained silent for a bit, then chuckled and turned away.

"Suit yourself. Well, my sister is right. If someone manages to kill her, they would have worked really hard..."

With that, she nodded to Sunny and walked away.

"Until we meet again, Lord Shadow!"

Soon, her elegant figure disappeared from view, leaving him alone with Nephis and Kal Sunny sighed behind the mask.

'So... these two are going to catch up.’

There was no place for him at their friendly reunion.

So, it would be better for him to leave, as well.

He opened his mouth, intending to say something curt and aloof... but to his surprise, Nephis spoke first.

Giving Kai a poignant look, she turned to Sunny and asked:

"Lord Shadow... would you mind keeping us company?”




***
Chapter 1741: Best Policy.


***






They left the Impact zone in a government transport. The ride was much less luxurious than Nephis' destroyed PTV, but Sunny, who had crossed countless kilometers in shaky military vehicles, did not mind.

«…I wonder how much that PTV cost.»

If Sunny had lost something that lavish and expensive, he would have been cursing the dead gods and drowning in bitterness. But Nephis did not seem to mind the loss too much.

Granted, her mood seemed a little strange.

As they drove past the burned remains of the PTV, she stared at it intently, a distant look in her eyes.

«Are you alright?»

Sunny wished that it was him who had asked that, but the Lord of Shadows was not that considerate. So, he had kept silent, and Kai spoke in his stead. Nephis lingered for a few moments, then looked away from the wreckage and sighed.

«Sure. It's just that… the situation is so familiar. But the outcome is entirely different. Times have changed.»

It seemed that she was reminiscing about the past, just like Sunny. He had contemplated how different the dread of having to face a Nightmare Gate for the first time felt from today's battle, where he did not even have to lift a finger, Nephis, meanwhile, must have been comparing the powerlessness she had felt as a child to today's attempt on her life.

The difference had to be quite startling, considering that she was one of the most powerful Saints in the world now.

The transport moved along the streets of NQSC at a moderate speed. The news of what had happened, however, was spreading much faster.

Sunny did not even want to imagine what kind of storm would rise when people learned that Changing Star, humanity's darling, had almost died to a human assassin while defending innocent lives from a descending Nightmare Gate.

The people responsible for the government's propaganda would be losing their minds by now. They were great masters of both disseminating and suppressing information, but this time, the incident was too sensational, and the parties involved were too renowned. There was no stopping this story from spreading far and wide, so they could only try to control it the best they could.

The government… was in a tight spot.

It was a bit ingenious, actually. Nephis was so beloved and venerated largely because the government had once decided to make her into a shining symbol for the whole of humanity — she had worked very hard to build upon that foundation, of course, but the government was responsible for the initial push.

Now, however, someone had taken the fruit of their labor and used it against them. The public outrage caused by an attempt on Changing Star's life would be proportional to the amount of effort the government had put into turning her into someone who was revered and admired by all.

That reputation of hers had only grown more exalted in the last four years, reaching unimaginable heights.

…Was the assassin's real goal to undermine the government instead of killing Nephis?

Sunny continued to contemplate who was behind the attack while the transport rolled across the streets of NQSC, eventually reaching a remote district.

There, a modest manor stood apart from the bustling city, surrounded by a tall wall.

This was the manor of the Immortal Flame clan, which served as the base of operations for the Fire Keepers in the waking world.

The transport passed the security check and made its way to the underground vehicle stable. Kai sent the driver and the guards assigned to Nephis by the government away. Sid also bade them farewell and left, lamenting the state of her tattered clothes under her nose. The loss of the expensive ensemble seemed to bother her much more than the recent ambush.

«The Fire Keepers are certainly a strange bunch… Nephis led her two guests to a secure room in the depths of the manor.»

Noticing how well-protected it was, both from modern means of surveillance and through extensive use of runic magic, Sunny realized that what she had planned wasn't really to catch up with Kai.

He had suspected as much.

He looked around with outward indifference, then pulled out a chair and sat down.

“…I am guessing this is not a simple reunion among friends.»

Kai remained standing, leaning on a wall with one shoulder, while Nephis sat across from Sunny and nodded.

«Indeed.»

He tilted his head a little.

«May I know what the purpose of this meeting is, then?»

Nephis smiled faintly, remained silent for a moment, then looked at Kai.

«Do you know what Saint Nightingale's Flaw is, Lord Shadow?»

«Ah.»

Sunny leaned back, perfectly relaxed.

«He can sense lies, does he not?»

Kai's Flaw wasn't exactly advertised, but he had also never made a point of keeping it a secret. So, anyone who wished to know would have known.

Nephis nodded.

«Yes. I thought we'd have an honest conversation, you and I.»

As a habitual liar, Sunny couldn't help but grow tense at these words. There were so many things he was deceiving the world about… had she learned one or two of his secrets? Which ones? How much trouble was he in?

Of course, that was not necessarily the case. Nephis could have simply wanted to discuss something that did not tolerate falsehoods.

In any case, none of Sunny's worries showed in his body language.

In fact, he smiled behind the mask. After maintaining silence for a couple seconds, Sunny shrugged.

«Why not? I am the most honest person in the world, after all. Two worlds, even.»

Nephis stared at him for a moment, then glanced at Kai.

Kai studied Sunny with a very strange expression, hesitated for a bit, and gave her a short nod.

…She seemed perplexed.

Sunny suppressed a chuckle.

«So, what did you want to discuss with me, Lady Nephis?»

Nephis frowned slightly. However, her voice was even when she spoke:

«We've been dancing around the issue for a while now. You gave me plenty of hints, subtle or not… we are supposed to be allies, so what I want to discuss today will decide how far our alliance will go. lіght~nоvel~cаve~c`о/m. If you don't mind, I will ask you a few questions. The nature of our partnership will depend on your answers.» 

He remained silent, voicing no objections.

She lingered for a while, then nodded and said:

«First and foremost… I am quite curious. You seem to be very keen on knowing how I would kill a Supreme, Lord Shadow. What exactly makes you think that I, a princess of the Sword Domain, am so interested in regicide?»

Sunny stared at her silently, cold darkness nestling in the eyes of his emotionless mask. His onyx armor glistened with a sinister luster in the dull lamplight.

Eventually, he spoke in an aloof tone:

«I can answer your question with three of my own.»

Nephis raised an eyebrow.

«Oh?»

He nodded, then said evenly:

«Who attempted to kill you as a child? Why? And what would I do in your place after becoming a Saint?»

His voice turned even colder than usual.

«Imagine that a bunch of traitors killed my father, conspired to ruin my clan, and turned my life into living hell. The further into hell I fell, the higher these despicable ghouls rose. Ah… if something like that happened to me, I would have been positively peeved.»

Sunny shrugged.

«In short, it's because I know enough about you, Lady Nephis.»

She studied him for a while with a deadpan expression, then glanced at Kai. Receiving his confirmation, Nephis scowled.

Her voice sounded a little flat:

«I must say… my sister was right. You are indeed very well-informed for a recluse, Lord Shadow.»




***
Chapter 1742: Good Reason.


***






Sunny grinned behind the mask.

«What can I say? I wasn't always a recluse.»

She contemplated for a few moments, and eventually nodded.

«Alright. Then, my next question. Let's presume that you are correct, and I do, indeed, harbor such an interest. But what about you? What is your reason?»

Sunny chuckled.

«Would you believe me if I said that my reason is exactly the same as yours?»

Nephis thought for a moment, then shook her head.

«Not really.»

He tilted his head a little.

«Well, fair enough. It's not. In truth, I don't have as great a grudge against the Sovereigns as you do. I do despise them a great deal, true, but to answer your question… I guess it has to do with what I desire.»

She pierced him with a heavy gaze.

«And what is it that you desire, Lord Shadow?»

He laughed coldly.

«Oh, nothing much. A nice house with a scenic view, somewhere warm and pleasant, Tasty meals and good company. Enough money for a comfortable life. Safety and well-being… stuff like that.»

Nephis blinked a couple of times. She seemed quite surprised by that answer.

«You live in a dark temple in the middle of a Death Zone, surrounded by dreadful Nightmare Creatures. But all you desire… is a nice house and tasty food?»

Sunny stared at her emotionlessly.

«Don't forget the good company.»

He paused, then added evenly:

«You might think that it's a simple wish, Lady Nephis. But that is the thing… in this world we live in, even a simple wish like that is insurmountable. One would have to be a god to live without worries. No. Actually, even becoming a god might not be enough.»

She frowned.

«What does it have to do with your enmity against the Great Clans and the Sovereigns?»

He remained silent for a few moments.

When he finally spoke, his voice sounded dark and sinister:

«The root of my enmity lies in the fact that they insist on dictating the shape of the world where I live, while not possessing enough competence to keep it safe. Their methods, their callousness, and their hubris are both misguided and loathsome. What better proof there is than this war they are about to start?»

Sunny shook his head.

«In other words, I disdain the notion of allowing the Sovereigns to decide my fate. I would rather have the power to make such decisions for myself. I've fought long and hard to gain it.»

Kai nodded silently, signaling to Nephis that he was telling the truth.

She took a deep breath and looked at Sunny silently.

Slowly, white sparks ignited in her eyes, and a faint smile appeared on her face.

«Next question, then. You could have moved independently or made alliances with all kinds of other people. Yet, you chose to build a relationship with me. Why?»

Sunny stared at her for a few moments, then shrugged.

What was he supposed to answer?

«…Because you are Changing Star.»

Noticing a silent question in her eyes, he added somberly:

«You know… people these days tend to dismiss the value of a proper education. Take basic language skills, for example. Very few make an effort to earnestly learn the runic languages of the Dream Realm, relying on the Spell to do the translating for them. If they did, however, they would have known what your True Name really means, Lady Nephis.»

Sunny smiled, hiding behind the motionless mask.

«You are not a star that changes, but rather one that causes change. A star that brings ruin and misfortune, but also opportunity. We live in a time of great upheaval, and is there a better person to forge an alliance with than someone who is fated to be at the center of all these calamities?»

He chuckled.

«Someone like me, who is not fated for anything, can do worse than to attach myself to someone like you. It's even better if I place you in my debt. A common enemy, a shared fate, and a little bit of leverage… is the perfect foundation for a lasting alliance, don't you think?»

Sunny finished speaking and looked at Kai. The charming archer hesitated under his gaze, then nodded slowly.

«There. That should be enough.»

…However, this time, Nephis did not look to Kai for confirmation.

Instead, she stared directly at Sunny and said:

«You are lying.»

He frowned, taken aback.

After a long pause, Sunny said in an even tone:

«Hasn't Saint Nightingale just confirmed that I'm not?»

She shook her head lightly.

«Kai has the ability to discern lies, but he is too honest, and too decent. There are many ways to deceive someone by telling the truth, and that is what you are doing, Lord Shadow. You are not telling me everything… which is fine. I don't need to know all your secrets. But I do need to know if we really share a common enemy, and why you've decided to become my ally.»

Sunny remained silent for a while.

«Damn it.»

She had forgotten him, so why had she not forgotten all his lessons in deceit?

Eventually, he sighed and looked away.

Sunny lingered for a few moments, then allowed the mask of indifference the Lord of Shadow wore to crack a little, revealing a glimpse of sincerity.

«Someone… told me once that people like me are born to destroy things, not build them. That this world needs killers and destroyers more than it needs saviors and builders. Well, they were right.»

He looked at her, hiding behind an expressionless mask.

«I am indeed best at killing. However… you know, there are people building things all over the Dream Realm today. There is a young girl building a road somewhere in the Song Domain right now. Elsewhere in the Sword Domain, a young father is developing a farm to feed his wife and child. lіght~nоvel~world~c`о/m. These people might not be as powerful as me, or as ambitious as me. They can't slay Nightmare Creatures as well as me. But they matter, too.» 

Sunny grimaced and added evenly:

«That young girl, that farmer's child, and countless others like them. Ah, It's a bit embarrassing to admit… but I hope that all the killing i do will change the world into a shape that allows them to live their lives building new things. Even if they have to build them on the ruins that people like us, Changing Star, leave in our wake.»

He leaned forward a little:

«How is that for a reason?»

She remained silent for a long while, looking at him calmly.

Eventually, it seemed as if Nephis accepted his answer.

She sighed, then asked nonchalantly:

«Do you serve any of the three Supremes?»

Sunny shook his head.

«I don't.»

She nodded.

«Are you planning to betray me?»

He chuckled.

«Not particularly.»

Nephis raised an eyebrow, Then, she smiled slightly.

«Are you hiding anything from me, Lord Shadow?»

«A great deal of things.»

She looked at Kai, received his confirmation, and then leaned back in her chair.

«Fine. This is acceptable. Then… I'll be honest, too.»

At that moment, the door opened, and someone who Sunny had very much not expected to see entered the room.

Jet glanced at him with a scowl, then turned to Nephis and said, her voice harsh:

«This guy reeks of death.»

A crooked smile twisted her lips.

«…I like him.»




***
Chapter 1743: A Small Group of Committed Citizens.


***






Sunny was surprised to see Jet here. She was one of the executive leaders of the government now, after all. Someone like her was not supposed to visit members of a Great Clan unannounced…

Not that he wasn't happy to see her.

Jet was exactly like she had been before. Her ivory skin, raven-black hair, and icy blue eyes made for a striking sight. Despite the fact that she had risen much higher in the government hierarchy by now, her uniform was pretty much the same — it was just that there were four stars on the insignia instead of three.

If anything had changed, it was that she seemed even more sleep-deprived than usual. If that was even possible.

Sunny found himself staring at her without meaning to… but for a very different reason than he had during their first meeting.

It was just good to see her, after all that time…

Jet stared back at him.

«You must be the Lord of Shadows.»

He nodded and answered evenly:

«You must be Soul Reaper Jet.»

She studied him for a moment, then raised an eyebrow.

«What's up with the Halloween costume?»

«Huh.»

Sunny tilted his head, contemplated her question, and asked seriously:

«What is Halloween?»

Jet blinked a couple of times. Eventually, she waved a hand at him.

«Never mind. I've heard a lot about you, Shadow. It's nice to finally put a face to the name. Well… sort of.»

«So, no one is going to explain to me who this Halloween is? Rude.»

Sunny frowned behind the mask.

«Only the good things, I hope.»

Jet grinned.

«Well. They say that you rule a Death Zone, eat Cursed Nightmare Creatures for breakfast, wrestle Titans for fun, and can turn into all kinds of terrible monsters on a full moon.»

He stared at her somberly.

«That is preposterous.»

She nodded and wanted to respond, but before she could, Sunny added in an even tone:

«I can turn into all kinds of terrible monsters any time I want. What does the moon have to do with it?»

Jet seemed to forget what she was supposed to say.

Standing beside her, Kai suddenly choked on thin air.

Sunny smiled silently.

Looking at Nephis, he asked: 

«Lady Nephis, you mentioned that you would be honest with me. I wonder what you were about to say.»

She lingered for a moment, but it was Jet who answered instead:

«Officially, I am here to placate Nephis on behalf of the government. To tell you the truth, this assassination attempt saved me a lot of trouble otherwise, I would have had to come secretly. lіght~nоvel~cаve~c`о/m. Actually, I am here to meet you, Shadow.»

Sunny studied the two of them, having a few guesses about what was about to happen.

Nephis nodded.

«We are waiting for a couple more people, as well.»

Almost as soon as she said it, Sunny became aware that someone else was in the room. He shifted his gaze, noticing that Cassie had appeared at some point, standing quietly beside a wall.

The darkness nestling in the eyes of his mask seemed to grow even more impenetrable.

«Song of the Fallen.»

She bowed lightly.

«Lord Shadow.»

It wasn't that strange that he had not sensed her approach — Sunny could still feel the underlying fabric of existence rippling around them subtly, somewhat akin to the shockwave of an opening Nightmare Gate. It was a strange sensation that only Saints could feel, denouncing that someone had crossed over from another realm nearby.

Cassie must have arrived directly from Bastion.

But then, Sunny sensed something else… A terrible premonition!

In the next moment, there was the sound of energetic footsteps, and Effie entered the room gingerly.

She looked around, and her gaze settled on Sunny.

He tensed immediately.

«Gods. What is that woman going to say now?!»

Effie stared at him for a few moments, then smiled.

«Hey.»

With that, she turned to Nephis:

«Way inferior to Master Sunless. I bet he can't even cook. Stay strong, Princess!»

Nephis closed her eyes.

Sunny, meanwhile, opened them wide.

«What the hell do you mean, way inferior?! How can I be inferior to that lazy bastard?! I mean… we're the same person!»

Cassie had a very strange expression on her face. Nephis exhaled slowly, remained motionless for a moment, and opened her eyes again.

«Lord Shadow. Meet Saint Athena, Raised by Wolves.»

Sunny stared at Effie, lamenting the fact that looks could not kill.

Or rather, his looks could not. There had to be an Awakened out there somewhere with such Aspect, and definitely more than a few Nightmare Creatures.

He said emotionlessly:

«…She's loud.»

Effie gave him a dirty look and grinned.

«Wanna arm-wrestle? If you win, I'll shut up.»

Scowling behind the mask, Sunny tilted his head and stared at her some more. He was tempted, but did not wish to destroy the table.

«I don't.»

She laughed.

«Good choice!»

With that, she finally sat down.

Now, there were six of them, sitting around a table. Which, coincidentally, was round.

Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan, Saint Cassia, Song of the Fallen, Nightsinger Kai, the Dragonislayer. Saint Athena, Raised by Wolves… the War Beast. Soul Reaper Jet.

And a mysterious Transcendent known as the Lord of Shadows.

The five Saints looked at him, while Sunny stared back at them silently.

«…The cohort is all here.»

He secretly looked around.

The room where they had gathered was not exactly opulent… but someone told him that history was going to be made here today.

He could practically sense it in the air. The omen of ruinous change.

Sunny sighed and said evenly:

«It seems that I've found myself in illustrious company.»

Nephis remained silent for a while, then sighed.

«I told you that the nature of our partnership would depend on your answers, Lord Shadow. Your answers were satisfactory, so… I've decided to trust you. Enough so, at least, to bring you into the inner circle. These people are my closest confidants.»

She paused, then added after some deliberation:

«Usually, I would not have been so quick to trust someone, But time is not on our side, and my instincts tell me that you deserve it. I've asked Saint Kai to help me confirm this feeling… I hope you won't take offense. Saint Cassia advised me to take this step, as well.»

Sunny remained silent for a moment, then said in an aloof tone:

«What a strange group. Two renowned Transcendent warriors of the Sword Domain. Three exalted champions of the government. And me… a stray that has no master. Why, exactly, are the six of us gathered here together?»

Nephis looked at each of the gathered people slowly.

Then, she shrugged and answered in her usual even tone:

«Because the six of us are going to destroy the Sovereigns.»




***
Chapter 1744: Changing the World.


***






The six of them… were going to destroy the Sovereigns.

Sunny was silent for a while, staring at the members of the cohort from behind his expressionless mask. Then, he chuckled.

«You want to topple both Domains and completely change the world… with just six people?»

Nephis remained composed and gave him a nonchalant shrug.

«Why not? Wasn't the world I want to change shaped by just three?»

He had no retort. The current shape of the world had indeed been dictated by three powerful individuals — Anvil of Valor, Ki Song, and Asterion. For the past two decades or so, they had been acting as the gods of humanity, deciding its fate from behind the curtains.

And now, Nephis and her cohort were preparing to rise in rebellion against the gods.

It was strangely poetic. It was also a little ominous, as if history was repeating itself.

Sunny sighed.

«So, you are welcoming me into your underground revolution club. Well… fine. That has been my intention all along, as well. But now that we have reached this point, I need to ask you the same question again, Lady Nephis. This time, in a less hypothetical context. How do you plan to defeat the Sovereigns?»

She met his dark gaze calmly.

«My answer stays the same. By attaining Supremacy myself.»

His gaze suddenly turned much more intense.

«Oh? Have you… found a way to become a Supreme without challenging the Fourth Nightmare?»

Sunny would lie if he said that he wasn't interested in hearing the answer. He had been trying to discover the secrets of Supremacy himself, after all in Neph's case, she couldn't challenge the Fourth Nightmare because she wasn't allowed to. But in his case, he simply couldn't — without the Spell, coming into contact with Nightmare Seeds was meaningless.

Not only was Sunny unable to enter a Nightmare, but getting too close to a Seed put him at risk of becoming corrupted.

Nephis inhaled slowly, a hint of tension appearing in her eyes for a short moment.

«Did I find a way? This is… a complicated issue. In a sense, yes I did find a way to become Supreme. However, I am still searching for the means of actually walking that path.»

Sunny frowned behind the mask.

«You will have to be more specific than that, I'm afraid.»

She looked away and smiled faintly.

«Each Aspect is unique, and so, the paths to Supremacy are unique for each individual. At the root of it all lies the act of Imposing your will upon the world, thus attaining authority over it. But the actual imposition differs from Aspect to Aspect, as does the process. It all depends on one's source element.»

For now, what Nephis was saying followed Sunny's own guesses.

What she said next, however, surprised him:

«My source element… is longing. Desire, yearning, passion, inspiration. The more people I inspire to feel a sense of longing, the more of them become a part of my source element. By building up my source element, I am building the foundation of my future Domain. In fact… it has already been built.»

Sunny stared at her wordlessly.

«Huh.»

Suddenly, he saw many of the actions Nephis had taken in the last four years in a new light. The tireless wandering, the endless battles against the tide of Nightmare Creatures, the wordless compliance with being sent to handle the most deadly of calamities over and over again, the public appearances… even the theater plays secretly funded by Cassie.

Sunny tilted his head a little.

«So… has Cassie secretly built her own propaganda machine to prepare for Nephis' ascent to Supremacy?»

It seemed very likely.

He turned his head and stared at Jet.

She smiled at him lazily.

«Yes. While Nephis and Cassie were working hard on their side, I've been subtly pulling the strings of the government to fan the flames. The initial decision to make Changing Star into a martyr was not my decision, but the reason why we haven't abandoned this narrative after she was adopted by Valor, and instead doubled down on it, is my doing.»

Sunny remained silent for a few moments.

«I understand why Changing Star is doing what she is doing, and why Song of the Fallen is supporting her. But what about you, Soul Reaper? You as well, War Beast and Nightsinger. Why has the government decided to bet on her?»

Jet chuckled.

«The government… is less monolithic than it has been before. The older generation is too stuck on the idea of maintaining neutrality. It has served them well in the past, so they are naturally biased and assume that it will continue to work. But I am of the opinion that they are wrong. In this new world, neutrality is a myth. No one will be allowed to remain on the sidelines once the Sovereigns start fighting for dominance… let alone if one of them becomes a true hegemon.»

She shook her head.

«The government itself is different now, as well. Our power has grown greatly in the wake of the Chain of Nightmares… countless Awakened never left after becoming part of the Evacuation Army, and while we have few Saints, the ones we do have are among the most powerful ones in existence. For all intents and purposes, the government is like the fourth Great Clan now. Maybe even the third, considering the dwindling influence of the House of Night.»

Jet paused for a moment, then sighed.

«And that an inevitable process. Soon enough, the Dream Realm will become humanity's new home. In that future, the role of the government will have to change — if we don't adapt, we will disappear. Which is not really a problem, since we would have served our purpose… but then, the question is, who will rule that new world?»

A dark smile appeared on her ivory face, never reaching her cold blue eyes.

«The King of Swords? The Queen of Worms? Or the third one? None of them are qualified.»

Sunny looked at her with curiosity.

«Why do you say that?»

He had his own reasons to believe that the Sovereigns were not the best choice to guide humanity, But Jet had always been very practical what was her reason?

She chuckled.

«Ah. Sorry… It's nothing too philosophical. Actually, my reason is very simple. It's because Changing Star has gone from a mundane girl to a Saint in about five years, while the Sovereigns have been stuck at their Rank for decades. Once we are all living happily in the Dream Realm… what will the one who wins the war do when an Unholy Titan wanders out of a Death Zone? Will they be able to contend with the future? I don't think so, so I am betting on someone who would. Because I know that Nephis won't be satisfied with mere Supremacy.» 

When Jet finished speaking and gave him a relaxed smile, Effie added in a calm tone:

«Big Sister is mainly preoccupied with the end result, but as for me… I care about how we get there, as well. It's not enough to just preserve the world, it's also important what kind of world it will be. Right now, the stuck-up Legacies are looking down on everyone. lіght~nоvel~world~c`о/m. Drives me nuts, really… can you imagine how much worse it will become once all of humanity is living under their roof? The kings, the queens — I don't trust any of them, but I do trust Nephis, She, at least, won't stop me from becoming a Supreme myself. If anything, she'll probably push me into a Nightmare Seed…»

Nephis did not comment on that, making Effie smile.

«…You would, wouldn't you? See, she's not even denying it!»

After that, Kai broke the silence, speaking simply:

«I just believe that it is the right thing to do. No more… but also no less.»

Sunny stared at them for a while.

Eventually, he shook his head.

What could he say?

«You are all crazy.»

Then, he smiled behind the mask.

«…Fortunately for you, I am as well. Fine. I like it. Let's conquer the world.»




***
Chapter 1745: Missing Catalyst


***






After making the bold proclamation, Sunny paused for a moment, and then added in an emotionless tone:

"Or rather, two worlds. One more, one less... it doesn't really make a difference.

Jet chuckded at his words, while the others just nodded with varying degrees of seriousness. Only Nephis did not react, simply looking at him calmly.

Sunny sighed, leaned back a little, and said evenly:

"However, let us return to the initial conversation. Lady Nephis, you said that your source element is the people whom you inspire, and that they are the foundation of your Domain. However... what comes next? How do you plan on building upon that foundation to actually reach Supremacy?"

He was quite stumped. It seemed that Nephis was half of a step ahead of him - she had dived deeply into the nature of her source element, to the point of being able to enhance it. Sunny, however, had never even questioned whether his connection to the shadows could be deepened.

What was he supposed to do? Actively try to build rapport with the wild shadows? Turning them into his zealous followers? Would that bring him closer to Supremacy, as well?

'No, I am thinking about it wrong.’

Nephis had said it herself, and he knew it too - each Aspect was unique, and the process of realizing a Domain differed for each Awakened. What worked for her would not work for him, and vice versa.

She had to weave a vast tapestry of yearning souls, inspiring people one by one. But his source element was shadows - as their Lord, he already enjoyed the veneration of every shadow in existence.

Sunny had no need to build a foundation for his domain...

Or did he?

If there was a process of accumulation involved in the initial stages of attaining Supremacy, then what was he supposed to accumulate?

The thought resonated with him so deeply that even the humble shopkeeper stopped what he was doing, far away in Bastion, frowning for a moment.

‘...Isn't it quite obvious?’

Unseen, Sunny's eyes gleamed under the mask. Had he not been accumulating something from the very start of it all?

The legion of silent shadows dwelling in his soul... were they the foundation of his future Domain?

Shadow God had been the God of Death as well, after all. Was Sunny limiting himself by ignoring the connection shadows had with death?

If so... what the hell was the nature of his Domain supposed to be?

He grimaced, feeling more lost than he had been a minute ago.

'Maybe Nephis will enlighten me.’

Sunny waited patiently for her answer.

...Sadly, he was doomed to be disappointed.

When Nephis finally spoke, a slight frown twisted her brow:

"That... I am not sure about. As I've said, I know the path to Supremacy, but am unable to walk it yet. There has to be some kind of catalyst that will ignite the foundation I've built, turning it into an actual Domain. The soul, the source element, the world once all three are fused together by will, a Sovereign is born. But how to fuse them? I do not know."

‘...Damn it.'

Sunny sighed secretly.

Well, it would have been too easy if the answer was handed to him on a platter.

He remained silent for a while, then asked somberly:

"So, what you are saying is that you must become a Supreme to defeat the Sovereigns without drowning the Dream Realm in the blood of mundane humans, However, you have no clue how to actually achieve it. Therefore, this whole uprising of ours... is a gamble?”

Nephis smiled faintly.

"When has anything been without risk in this life? If you know a way to become Supreme, Lord Shadow, I am all ears."

He tilted his head and stared at her emotionlessly.

"If I knew a way, would I still be a Saint? The last Sovereign I killed was not very talkative, so I didn't have a chance to ask."

In fact, Daeron of the Twilight Sea had been entirely incapable of speech by the time Sunny killed him.

Kai's chair suddenly wobbled.

Nephis spared him a glance, then chuckled.

"Indeed. However... it is not entirely up to fate. In fact, I have a reason to believe that there will be progress soon."

Sunny raised an eyebrow behind the mask.

"Oh? How so?"

She lingered for a moment.

"Once the war starts and we enter Godgrave, there will be plenty of Great Nightmare Creatures abound, as well as some Cursed ones. Watching how they impose their will upon the world might give us a clue, More than that, in the later stages of the war, Anvil and Ki Song will take to the battlefield personally. lіght~nоvel~world~c`о/m. Observing them will be even more illuminating." 

Nephis paused, then added evenly:

"Additionally, I am moving toward a breakthrough in mastering my Aspect Legacy. I suspect that receiving that boon will be of great help.

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

Her Aspect Legacy? The last time he had glimpsed her runes, only one of the seven fruits was unlocked the Knowledge of Fire. It deepened her already startling connection to that element and bestowed knowledge upon her, including the True Names having to do with flames.

What other branches were there? Knowledge of Souls? Knowledge of Authority? What knowledge was she hoping to receive?

He remained silent for a moment, then asked directly:

"What kind of breakthrough are you seeking?"

Nephis met his gaze and answered calmly:

"Knowledge of Passion. I've been studying passion as of late, and have already made great strides in mastering it."

Now, it was Sunny's time to wobble!

It took all his self-control not to fall out of his chair. He remained still through sheer will, not allowing even a hint of his emotions to show in his body language,

'P-passion?! How is she studying passion?! What great strides?! What exactly is she mastering, and with whom?!’

Outwardly, Sunny remained calm. But Internally, he was fuming! After a long silence, he asked evenly:

"What does... passion... have to do with anything?"

Nephis looked at him with a hint of confusion.

"It has to do with my source element, of course. What else?"

Sunny let out a mental sigh of relief.

'It's alright... it's all fine. She's not practicing... passion... with anyone!

Luckily, the conversation could be safely guided elsewhere.

...Or so he thought.

Because right at that moment, Effie suddenly said:

"Oh, right. I am sure that it's not the case, but if Master Sunless is having trouble making you achieve a... breakthrough... tell him to come see my husband. Let the man learn from the master! That guy is a real veteran..."

Something fell on the floor noisilly.

Kia silently covered his face with a palm. Jet's smile widened a little, Cassie turned her head, pretending to look away.

Sunny was appalled,

'Who says I need to learn anything, you vile woman?! I am myself a... wait... why am I even thinking about her nonsense?! Damnation!’

Nephis looked at Effie in confusion.

"Isn't your husband an Awakened? Plus, Master Sunless is a real veteran, too. And what does he have to do with my Aspect Legacy?"

Sunny felt vindicated.

‘Thank you! No, stop... what?’

Effie stared at Nephis with a strange mix of mischievousness and exasperation. After a few moments of silence, she said in a low tone:

"Princess... you mean that he served in Antarctica, too. Right?"

Neph's confused frown deepened.

"Of course. What else could I mean?"

Effie sighed and waved a hand in the air, giving up.

“Forget it. Gods, why do I even bother…”




***
Chapter 1746: Just War


***






After Sunny was Introduced to the general shape of the plot, more technical details had to be discussed. The war was approaching swiftly, and at least three of the six conspirators would have to participate in the bloodshed directly.

The other three could be drawn into the deadly game between the two Sovereigns, as well. Both the government and the House of Night were desperately trying to maintain neutrality... but it was unknown if the Great Clans would cross the line in exerting pressure, thus making at least one of the neutral sides an accomplice in the Domain War.

Jet seemed a little troubled.

"Our position was more or less stable before. But now, with that damned assassination attempt... I don't know. The situation is unclear."

She glanced at Cassie and raised an eyebrow.

The blind seer seemed distracted for a moment, then said quietly:

"The news is spreading like wildfire, both in the waking world and in the Dream Realm. By now, it's all people are talking about. Everyone is outraged, of course... even the Legacy Clans are incensed. The situation is much more fiery in the Sword Domain - incendiary, even - but the Song Domain is reacting badly, too, Neph's influence transcends borders.”

Jet frowned.

"That was fast. Too fast, even"

Cassle nodded.

"Someone has been prepared. They are adding oil to the fire."

As everyone fell silent, Nephis said in an even tone:

"I wonder... who is responsible, this time."

Jet looked at her, lingered for a few moments, and smiled crookedly.

"It wasn't your own performance?"

Nephis frowned slightly, not exactly offended by her words, but seemingly displeased. Her answer was short:

"No."

Sunny listened with interest.

Actually, he had considered that the whole thing was staged by Cassie, as well. That would be in line with both her goal and her cunning. However, a few things didn't add up.

Nephis leaned back and sighed.

"My first thought was that it had been planned by Morgan. But it's not really her style... if Morgan was behind the assassination, there would have been countless victims among the government soldiers. She is always thorough, after all."

Jet crossed her arms, considering. Eventually, she simply shook her head and said with a hint of frustration in her volce:

"Then who the hell did it? It couldn't have really been Song, could it?"

Kai seemed troubled, as well. He remained silent for a while before saying cautiously;

"Actually, it could have been. Princess Morgan was right when she said that there aren't a lot of archers in the world who can pull off something like that. The two prime suspects, coincidentally, are from the Song Domain. One is Silent Stalker. The other is Dar of the Maharana clan."

Sunny smiled darkly behind the mask.

‘That guy.’

He had considered Dar of the Maharana clan, as well.

The man had an eerie ability to hit targets from a great distance, and was fond of using oversized arrows to boot. Sunny had brushed sides with him during the Dreamscape Tournament, almost catching a few of those arrows himself. Later, they crossed swords in the elimination rounds, where the Legacy scion was cut down by Mongrel.

He had not left a good impression. Maharana was one of the vassal clans of Song, too...

Effie scratched the back of her head.

"Dar of the Maharana clan? Last I heard of him, he was a Master. Where is he now?"

Cassie answered a moment later, effortlessly pulling the information out of her head:

"He is presumably still a Master. Although... no one has seen or heard of him in the last six months. He could have challenged the Third Nightmare and Transcended in secret. Or died trying."

Sunny remained silent for a few moments, then spoke in his usual aloof tone:

"I can tell you who is behind the assassination attempt."

He had not been certain before, but now, the pieces fit together too perfectly.

The rest of them looked at him, waiting for an explanation.

Sunny leaned forward a little.

"Your instinct was correct, Lady Nephis. It was indeed Morgan... well, or at least Clan Valor. Of course, they never really intended to kill you."

Nephis nodded.

"That much is clear. No one who would want to kill me is stupid enough to try so half-heartedly. But why are you pointing at Clan Valor?"

He grimaced behind the mask.

"The assailant had to know your schedule, They also had to know that the Nightmare Gate would lure you into the open. Of course, the sniper could have tried to hit you on a crowded street, or even through several walls... but that park was too convenient of a location for that kind of attack to be a coincidence. I am pretty sure that Morgan knew about the Gate in advance and chose the location of our meeting accordingly - 1 assumed that she wanted to gauge my power, but she simply wanted to deliver you to the Impact zone."

Sunny paused for a moment, then shook his head.

"No, actually, it is more likely that she wanted both. The Princess of War is very efficient, after all... her actions rarely pursue only one goal.”

Effie frowned.

"Why do it, though?"

He stared at her silently for a moment.

"As I've said, Morgan's actions tend to accomplish several goals at the same time. So, why stage an attempted assassination on her little sister? The first reason is quite obvious, since you and your fellow government representatives are suffering the outcome right now. It is to discredit the government and gain leverage against it. Soul Reaper mentioned that your position has been destabilized... by playing the indignation card and acting offended on behalf of their adopted daughter, the elders of Valor are now in a position to put pressure on you to join their side,"

Jet chuckled.

"Just that much leverage won't be enough. Well... most likely.”

Sunny nodded.

"Yes. But that is only because discrediting the government is merely a secondary goal of the entire affair."

Kal frowned, then asked him somberly:

"What is the primary goal, then?"

Sunny sighed behind the mask.

"You know, there are a lot of nasty rumors flying around the Song Domain about Clan Valor. How people from the Sword Domain are monopolizing resource shipments from the waking world to make their lives more miserable. How most of the elders of Valor, including the King of Swords himself, have been taken by the Skinwalker. How people there are suffering under the tyranny of corrupt Legacies, and cry out to the heavens for help."

He leaned back and shrugged.

"Of course, plenty of such rumors are spreading about Clan Song in the Sword Domain, as well. The Queen of Worms is a rotten fiend, she kills innocent people to enslave them into her undead army, the Song sisters feed on human blood stuff like that. All these rumors are false, naturally... well, except that last one. That one might actually be true. In any case, they are carefully prepared and spread by both sides, for a single purpose"

An expression of disgust appeared on Kal's face. He remained silent for a few moments, then uttered through gritted teeth:

“...Justification."

Sunny nodded.

"Indeed. The Great Clans need to warm up the populace to the Idea of war. Not only the masses, but also the Awakened warriors who will be fighting on the frontlines. I am sure there is a version of it for the vassal clans, as well, not that those have a lot of choice when it comes to obeying the Sovereigns. So... for those of you who are fond of history... you must know what casus belli is."

The faces of several people in the room darkened. Effie coughed.

"Casus belli... sure. We all know it, of course. But to those of us who don't... can you explain? Please?"

Sunny was tempted to tell her to ask her husband for an explanation, but held himself back. Instead, he said in an emotionless tone:

"Sure. There is not much to explain. Casus belli is just a fancy term for justification. An official reason given when starting a war. An assassination of a royal is more than enough reason to drown the world in blood. In fact, this exact scenario was used before to do just that."

He chuckled coldly,

"Honestly, I would have expected Valor to actually kill one of their Saints in order to have a more solid claim. But either someone among them is growing soft, or they can't allow themselves to lose even a single Transcendent before the war. lіght~nоvel~world~c`о/m. In any case... someone attempts to kill Changing Star, humanity's favorite Saint, and both of the main suspects just happen to be from the Song Domain. One of them is even conveniently unavailable for questioning. This is more than enough ground to spin a pretty tale."

Sunny sighed.

"As for the fact that none of the government soldiers had died, which is unlike how ruthless Morgan usually acts... that is the result of a shrewd calculation, as well. If the purpose of the assassination attempt is to make Clan Valor look like the wronged party, then wouldn't it be counterproductive to make the government suffer more losses than Clan Valor did? Who would look like the true victim then? So, it was all part of the plan."

His cold voice echoes in the room, sounding more than a little bit sinister. As everyone was digesting his words silently, Sunny laughed.

"Well... at least that is how I would have done it. With more flair, of course."

Nephis looked at him somberly, not saying anything.

Eventually, though, she spoke in an even tone:

"So.., they had someone pretend to try and kill me while using the method that would point at someone serving Ki Song. This gives them the ammunition they need to both declare war and maintain the illusion of righteousness... eventually. And, as an added bonus, they even get a chance to pressure the government into making concessions, or even joining their side entirely."

He nodded.

"More or less."

Nephis sighed and looked away.

She remained silent for a while, then said quietly:

"Well... good. It plays into our hand, actually. If I become the catalyst for the start of the war, it would only be logical for me to be the one to end it."

At that moment, Cassie spoke, her voice a little grim:

"If they are already moving so openly, then it seems that we have even less time than we thought. I'm afraid... that some of our plans will have to be accelerated, or even abandoned entirely.

Sunny scowled behind the mask.

‘Yeah. Like me forging a sword for Nephis, I doubt I can make it in time... can I?'

Nephis gritted her teeth.

"It has been a long time coming. All we can do is prepare ourselves the best we can. When Song and Valor go to war.. the only side that shall win is us She looked at the people gathered at the room, her gaze settling on Sunny.”

Suddenly, a faint smile appeared on her face.

"Or, we'll die. Lord Shadow, that favor I owe you... you'd better call it in soon. You might not get the chance later."

He crossed his arms and stared back at her.

‘Who gave you permission to die?’

Sunny smiled slightly behind the mask, then said in a cold tone: 

"...You are too weak right now. Become stronger first."

Nephis remained silent for a moment, then chuckled.

"Alright. If you insist that I become stronger... it seems that I have no other choice. I will."

Soon after that, the secret meeting ended. The members of the cohort left - some openly, some in secret. Sunny himself simply crossed the border between the realms, returning to the Nameless Temple. There was a lot for him to do.

Outside the manor of the Immortal Flame clan...

The engines of war were churning, and the world was moving on.




***
Chapter 1747: The Infamous Lord Mongrel.


***






In the days following Sunny's appointment as the Memory Purveyor of the Fire Keepers, the Brilliant Emporium had undergone a transformation. Once established as a cover for his ability to weave sorcery, the Memory Boutique was suddenly thriving due to the high number of acquisition deals flowing through it… almost as if he was a real merchant.

The Fire Keepers were quite generous. Nephis did not enjoy the favor of the Valor elders, so her private troops rarely received resources that a princess's personal guard deserved — they existed on a pitiful stipend that wouldn't cover the needs of fifty Awakened, let alone half a hundred Masters. Nevertheless, they were quite rich.

Their riches did not come from the Great Clan, but from their own exploits instead. Every time Valor sent Nephis and her Fire Keepers to deal with a terrible calamity of some sort — which happened on a regular basis — countless abominations would fall to their swords. 

That meant that there would be many Memories and Echoes brought back from each expedition, as well as valuable materials harvested from the Nightmare Creatures. The Fire Keepers kept the best for themselves and sold the rest. That way, they were quite self-sufficient, and their coffers never ran empty.

Cassie managed the assets of the Fire Keepers, Investing in various enterprises throughout the Sword Domain. In fact, many establishments in Bastion and other young cities had been funded by her on behalf of Nephis, not only bringing in stable income, but also adding to Changing Star's reputation.

There was a sizable charity fund established by the Fire Keepers, as well, helping people in need.

In short, Nephis was quite affluent despite being shunned by the elders of Clan Valor.

And now, Sunny was benefiting from her wealth, as well…

There were a lot of mocking rumors about him in Bastion these days, calling him names and detailing what it was exactly that he was doing for Nephis in exchange for her money and gifts. But Sunny didn't mind… in fact, he was of the firm belief that everyone talking nonsense about him were simply jealous. Who wouldn't want to receive expensive gifts and attention from a stunningly beautiful young lady? What was there to feel shame about?

If they did not know how to put themselves in such an envious position, it was their problem… plus, of all the things Sunny had learned over the years, shame wasn't one of them. He had none, to begin with.

In any case, the Brilliant Emporium was now handling the flow of Memories in and from the Ivory Island, collecting a commission from each deal. Granted, the Fire Keepers weren't selling much these days… they were, however, on a spending spree. The war was just beyond the horizon, and everyone who knew anything about it was in a hurry to arm themselves as well as possible.

Aiko was so giddy that Sunny was seriously concerned that the petite girl would explode from the excitement. Her greed and love for money put even his own prodigious avarice to shame.

The deal with the Fire Keepers was not the only reason why the Brilliant Emporium was doing better than usual, though. The restaurant side of the business was booming, as well.

And the reason for that was not just Sunny's face. Well… it was, in a manner of speaking.

The real reason was that damned duel with Tristan of the Aegis Rose clan. Sunny had expected that playing the role of Changing Star's lover would attract a lot of attention, of course…

What he had not expected was how much the citizens of Bastion loved to gossip, and how much free time they had on their hands!

«These people…»

There were no empty seats in the dining hall, and apart from a couple of regulars, the rest of the crowd was here for only one reason — to catch a glimpse of the despicable mongrel who had cunningly bewitched Changing Star!

The thrill seekers had even scared away his regular customers. Fewer and fewer of them were showing up in the Brilliant Emporium each day, to Sunny's chagrin.

He could hear the hum of their whispers from the kitchen:

«I saw him! Good gods… I was on the fence before, but now I really understand Lady Nephis…»

«No way! That bastard is deceiving her… he must be a Song spy!»

«What spy? Why would people from the Song Domain send spies here?»

«What, you haven't heard? Their creepy queen is just straight evil. She even sent assassins to kill Lady Nephis!»

«She wouldn't dare!»

«It's true! Everyone is talking about it… that's why I think that this mongrel is a spy…»

«Quiet, you idiot! What if the mongrel hears you? Don't you know how many people he massacred in the castle?»

«Still… he doesn't look like a spy… he's too dreamy to be a spy…»

Stuck in the kitchen, Sunny gritted his teeth and concentrated on cooking.

«…That's Lord Mongrel to you, fools!»

He was tempted to spit into the pan.

Of course, he didn't, Fools or not, he had a reputation to uphold.

Sunny did not care if his name was being dragged through the mud.

But no one was allowed to besmirch his cooking!

In the end, he was almost relieved when it was time to close the shop. Sunny chased away the last customers, locked the door, and collapsed onto the Shadow Chair in utter exhaustion.

«What a contradictory feeling.»

On one had, he was tired of hearing idiots talk trash about him.

On the other hand, the idiots paid a good amount of coins to spend time in the Brilliant Emporium. So…

It was a good thing, overall?

Sunny remained motionless for a while, then sighed and descended into the Memory Boutique. There, Aiko was busy checking the descriptions of the Memories she had recently purchased.

She was in charge of the whole operation — not only because she had better business sense than him, but also because Sunny was unable to receive and transfer Memories, like all carriers of the Nightmare Spell could.

The Memories he crafted had to be designed with the customer in mind. Sunny had stolen a trait from the Shard Memories of the Forgotten Shore, which had the ability to bind themselves to those who touched them. After modifying it a little, he was able to devise a way to bestow the Memories on the clients without transferring them directly from his own soul.

Which meant that for the deals concerning purchased Memories, he needed an Awakened courier. Alko played the role splendidly, delivering the Memories to the Fire Keepers in person.

«How is it going?»

The petite girl looked up from the documents and grinned.

«All accounted for, boss. We even managed to find a weapon with the weird combination of enchantments that Master Shim requested. Damn, it's still strange to call that guy a Master… I remember how he used to nag the older Hunters for losing all their shards gambling with me, back in the Bright Castle…»

Sunny smiled.  

«Good, then. Make a trip to the Castle tomorrow… come back early, though! I won't survive in the kitchen alone.»

Aiko shuddered at the word “early”, then sighed and gathered the documents.

«See you tomorrow, boss.»

Soon, she was gone.

Sunny had followed her onto the porch and remained there for a while, watching the sun set. And the full moon rise.

Tonight was the night he had to meet Cassie again.




***
Chapter 1748: Precious Moments.


***






Cassie was waiting for him near the same toppled tower as the last time. She was just as ethereally beautiful as the last time, too, bathed in moonlight and standing on the edge of tranquil water.

However, the atmosphere of their meeting was different today. 

It was more… familiar, somehow. Perhaps even friendly.

When Sunny emerged from the lake, Cassie smiled faintly.

«Sunny.»

He brushed his wet hair back and smiled, as well.

«Lady Cassia.»

She shook her head lightly.

«It feels unfair that you are still maintaining decorum after insisting that I should be more informal. Call me Cassie, please.»

He hesitated for a few moments, then nodded.

«Alright, Cassie. Shall we go? I am hoping to explore as much of the mirror labyrinth as possible tonight.»

She nodded and offered him her small hand.

Sunny took it and pulled them both into the shadows, teleporting straight to the underground chamber they had discovered before, This time, there was no need for her to guide him deep into the ruins of the Castle, erasing the memories of the Knights patrolling it.

The chamber had not changed at all, which was a relief. Sunny vividly remembered the warning Cassie had given him about the Others, so he was wary of the beings that lived inside the mirrors in the former stronghold of the Demon of Imagination.

Summoning the Shadow Lantern, he drowned the maze in shadows without wasting any time. Soon after, Sunny and Cassie continued to explore the labyrinth.

«This place is vast…»

They had wandered it for hours the last time, and were not making any noticeable progress tonight. Slowly, Sunny was starting to grow wary.

He remembered the Nightmare Desert and the black pyramid standing at its center. No matter how long one walked across the white dunes, the pyramid never drew closer… was there some sort of trickery preventing him from reaching the heart of the labyrinth, as well?

They walked in silence for a while, but quickly grew bored of it.

Eventually, Cassie spoke:

«I must admit, Master Sunless… Sunny, You are a fascinating man.»

He raised an eyebrow.

«I am?»

The blind seer chuckled melodiously.

«Indeed. I suspected that you were, of course, when we first met. But knowing it and witnessing it in person are two different things. That stunt you pulled with poor Master Tristan… I pride myself on being able to predict things, you know! However, that caught me by surprise. What were you thinking?»

Sunny coughed quietly.

What was he thinking, indeed?

He kept quiet for a few moments, then said nonchalantly:

«Well, thinking too much is bad for one's health. Back then, I was thinking… gods, I want to punch this buffoon so much! And so, I did. It's all about the little joys in life.»

She drew a sharp breath.

«I… guess.»

Sunny grinned.

«Anyway, it ended up working in our favor, didn't it? We wanted everyone to get the wrong impression about the nature of the relationship between me and Nephis. Well, mission accomplished.»

Cassie exhaled slowly.

«…A little bit too well, even.»

He glanced at her.

«Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.»

The blind seer did not find what to answer. She remained silent for a while, then laughed quietly.

«True. Then, here is your true body, the Lord of Shadows. Meeting him in person was quite an experience. The contrast between him and Master Sunless is quite striking, to say the least. I applaud your acting skills.»

Sunny looked at her curiously, hesitated for a bit, and then smiled.

«Why, thank you. But actually, you are wrong.»

Cassie raised an eyebrow elegantly.

«I am?»

He nodded.

«This is my true body. The Lord of Shadows… is a shadow. He's a performance.»

She tilted her head a little, baffled.

«Wait. You mean to say that this… the shopkeeper… is your true personality? And the aloof Saint of Godgrave is merely an act?»

Sunny smiled, then sighed, and eventually looked away,

«…Yes? But also no, I guess each of my incarnations is me, it's just that they have different purposes.»

«The purpose of the Lord of Shadows is to be a warrior. So, the parts of my personality that have to do with conflict take the lead. The purpose of the humble shopkeeper is to live peacefully and enjoy life. So, he's a bit of a homebody.»

He paused, and then added with a shrug

«It's not that strange. We all wear different masks when dealing with different people. A person will behave one way when they are with their family, act differently when they are with their colleagues, and put on a new mask when they meet their friends. I am much the same, it's just that I have many bodies, so I can wear all the masks at the same time.»

Cassie looked at him thoughtfully.

«Isn't it easy to lose sight of your true self that way?»

Sunny smiled.

«You might not know, but I am the world's topmost expert on not losing my true self. Shadows are formless and shapeless by nature, so I have to be careful not to forget the shape of my soul.»

She lingered for a while, then let out a wistful sigh.

«I'll have to ask you for advice one day, then. I also struggle with maintaining my sense of self. Living through other people's senses, and experiencing their innermost memories… can be disorienting, sometimes.»

Cassie smiled, then asked in a gentle voice:

«But, speaking of the Lord of Shadows… can I ask you something?»

Sunny glanced at her briefly.

«You can.»

She nodded, hesitated for a moment, and said:

«Before, you asked me to keep the true identity of Master Sunless to myself, saying that Nephis would not trust either if the connection between him and the Lord of Shadows was revealed. But now, you are not a stranger to her anymore. She has accepted Lord Shadow into her inner circle and entrusted him with her life. Likewise, Neph is… uh… sympathetic toward Master Sunless. Why maintain the charade?»

Sunny did not answer immediately, contemplating her question.

Why did he want to keep that secret?

He hesitated for a while, then sighed.

«Because it's fun.»

It was a callous answer, but a truthful one. Well, of course it was otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to give it. There was no strategic reason to keep Nephis in the dark anymore.

And yet… Sunny was enjoying himself too much to let it go, already.

Nephis did somewhat trust the Lord of Shadows now. But she was also wary of him, because anyone who possessed such power would make people wary.

The humble shopkeeper, however, wasn't powerful at all. So, she could allow herself to be at ease around him. And to Sunny, such moments were… precious.

They were much closer to the relationship they had before becoming Saints than the courteous distance between her and the Lord of Shadows.

He didn't want to lose these moments, yet.

Cassie let out a small laugh.

«Fun? Well… I have to admit, it is indeed a lot of fun. However…»

She lingered for a moment, and asked quietly:

«Don't you think that it is unfair to her, to keep such a secret?»

Sunny kept quiet, the smile slowly disappearing from his face. 

Eventually, he let out a sigh and lowered his head.

«You are right. It is indeed unfair. But don't worry… I'll tell her soon.»

He looked ahead and added with a hint of regret in his voice:

«I'll tell her before the war starts. Until then… well, Master Sunless should probably make an effort to enjoy his last days of peace as much as possible.»

The two of them continued to explore the labyrinth, sometimes keeping silent, sometimes chatting about this and that.

Sadly, Sunny failed to solve the maze this time, as well.

Not long before the dawn came, he found himself back in the underground chamber, face-to-face with Cassie. 

It was time to show her another memory.




***
Chapter 1749:  Leave It All Behind.


***






The battle had just ended, and the Winter Beast was gone.

The dark ecstasy of having killed the butcher of Falcon Scott had washed over Sunny's heart and receded like a tide.

Leaving it cold and hollow. Dark and utterly devoid of light. 

There was nothing binding him to the world anymore. He was banished from the Nightmare Spell, fate, and existence itself. In the whole world… two worlds, actually… not a single soul cared whether he lived or died. No one even remembered that he existed.

Facing the cruel truth of that loss was too painful, and so, Sunny longed to leave it behind.

…He opened his eyes in a familiar hall. Warm sunlight was pouring through the stained-glass windows, painting the ivory walls with vibrant colors. Heavy chains lay on the floor, arranged into a flawless circle. The sky was vast and blue outside.

The Ivory Island floated on the sea of clouds, enveloped by a peaceful silence.

Sunny had not wanted to come here. In fact, he wanted nothing more than to avoid this place at all costs, However, this was where his soul was anchored to the Dream Realm, and so, this was where he had arrived after giving up on the waking world.

Standing in the center of the chain circle, Sunny shifted slightly and dissolved into the shadows.

The Ivory Tower was mostly empty right now — most of the Fire Keepers were still lost in the depths of their Nightmares, while Nephis and the rest of the cohort were too busy to visit it often. Still… he didn't want to be seen by anyone.

They could not remember him even if he told them who he was, so there was no point.

Sunny glided across the floor as a shadow, hiding in the darkness near the gate. Then, he extended his shadow sense outward and froze. On the emerald grass outside the great pagoda, two people were walking toward its gate.

The sunlight suddenly seemed brighter.

He kept himself hidden when they entered the sunlit hall. Nephis was frowning, while Cassie followed her with a strangely lost expression on her delicate face.

Sunny remained motionless as he unwillingly eavesdropped on their conversation.

«…Are you sure?»

Cassie nodded slowly.

«Yes, I.,, I think I am. The future has grown too… elusive to decipher.»

Nephis halted and remained silent for a few moments.

«Can it be connected to your Transcendence? Or witnessing that thing in Verge?»

The blind girl hesitated briefly.

«That was what I thought, as well. However, I've reached out to several seers in confidence. They all seem to be having trouble glimpsing anything from the future, as well… all over the world.»

Nephis' scowl deepened.

«What can be the reason? An aftershock of the Dream Gates being open? The Chain of Nightmares itself?»

She shook her head and continued walking.

«We will have to investigate it later. Right now, there is too much to do… it is pure pandemonium out there, with so many people suddenly arriving in the Dream Realm. The refugee camp outside Bastion is lacking provisions and manpower, with too few Awakened to guard them against the Nightmare Creatures. At least there is no lack of water, but… all of it was too sudden. The situation can swiftly descend into a disaster.»

Cassie sighed.

«I heard that they are going to build a city on the lake shore, And with the Sleepers of Antarctica having Awakened, there are much more capable warriors now than before…»

Nephis nodded.

«Still. I am going there to help.»

The blind girl remained silent for a moment.

«I see. I'll go with you, then.»

Sunny hid in the shadows, listening to the news about the tribulations of humanity without Interest. What did it have to do with him? Nothing at all… not anymore.

Nephis shook her head.

«Someone has to stay here to welcome our people once they return from the Nightmares. Plus… you have another important task to accomplish.»

Cassie raised an eyebrow.

«You… you really want to do it?»

Nephis gave her another nod.

«It is time to abandon the Chained Isles. We are too far away from everything important here. I want you to fly the Ivory Island south, toward Bastion.»

With that, she turned around and walked into the circle of chains.

Standing there, Nephis frowned and briefly touched her face. She remained motionless for a while, then said somberly:

«…Why do I feel like I'm forgetting something?»

Cassie did not answer, simply standing there with a confused expression.

Eventually, Nephis grimaced.

«That other issue… have you been able to discover anything?»

Cassie slowly shook her head.

«No. I talked with Effie and Kai again, Jet too. But it's hard to dispel the fog that's clouding some of our memories. I think… It must have been Torment who had done something to us. But what? And why? And when? There is no answer yet.»

Nephis sighed.

«Keep digging. I'll do some research, too.»

Soon, she was gone, returning to the waking world.

Cassie did not move for a while, standing there with her head lowered.

Eventually, she whispered quietly:

«What has she done to me?»

With that, she turned around and descended into the basement of the Ivory Tower, where the runic controls of the island were located.

Sunny was left alone.

He exhaled slowly and emerged from the shadows, looking in the direction where Cassie had gone.

Torment… did she really believe that her Defiled twin had been capable of doing something like that? The timeline didn't make sense, and Cassie knew it.

Well, it was a reasonable theory to make. Torment's power… Cassie's power… had to do with manipulating memories, after all.

For a moment, a desperate hope ignited in his heart. What if Cassie could restore the memories of him with her Transcendent Ability? What if he could make them remember?

But no… he knew that it was impossible. if it was, she would have already done so, restoring her own lost memories first.

«…I'm sick of it.»

He gritted his teeth and walked out of the Ivory Tower.

By now, the Crushing was of no threat to him. Sunny wasn't sure if he could endure its terrible pressure, but he also did not need to. The range of his shadow sense had grown enough to reach the distant islands, so he could simply step through the shadows to leave the Ivory Island behind.

He contemplated for a few moments, considering if he should.

What was he going to do, anyway? Live like a hermit in some godforsaken corner of the Dream Realm? Leave to travel the unexplored regions of this dreadful world, away from where any human could see him?

Jump into the Sky Below and try to reach its bottom out of curiosity?

Each alternative was as good as the next one.

Well, jumping into the Sky Below was probably a bit worse than the rest…

Sunny remained still for a while, thinking. 

In the end, he did not use Shadow Step to reach the flying island far below.

Instead, he circled the great pagoda and headed toward the graceful gazebo, where the portal to the Ebony Tower stood.

If he remembered correctly, there was a chamber in Nether's scorched tower where the walls were engraved with countless runes.

Sunny had not been able to understand those runes before, or at least retain the understanding of the ancient daemon's words.

After his visit to the Estuary, however…

Who knew what he would be able to learn?




***
Chapter 1750: Nothing But Time.


***






The Ebony Tower was just like the last time Sunny had seen it — floating ominously in a boundless black void, with a sea of fire burning above it relentlessly.

The Fire Keepers had established an outpost here, but after the Chain Breaker gained the ability to brave the Crushing, they only maintained a token presence in the Sky Below. Now that Neph's followers had left to challenge the Nightmares, there was not a soul around. 

He stepped out of the black arch on the highest level of the obsidian pagoda and remained there for a while, staring into the distance. Somewhere far away, in a different world, one of his shadows was following Rain… Sunny had to think of a way to approach her openly, but his current mental state was too volatile to try.

«…I'll think of something later.»

Nothing moved in the Sky Below. Nothing disturbed the cold silence. Rid of the suffocating pressure of human company, he felt… comfortable, for the first time in a while. Or at least numb.

There was consolation in solitude.

Sunny exhaled slowly, then allowed the Onyx Mantle to retreat back under his skin. With his military bodysuit in tatters, he was left practically naked — after hesitating for a bit, Sunny allowed the wild shadows to envelop his lithe body, and manifested them into a semblance of soft fabric.

Summoning the Endless Spring, he satiated his thirst and left the sixth level of the Ebony Tower.

The fifth level consisted of one large chamber. It was shrouded in darkness, with countless runes covering the obsidian walls. These runes were the reason why Sunny had chosen to come to this place.

He stared at them emotionlessly.

«I knew it.»

Before, Sunny had been unable to read the forbidden runes. In fact, simply beholding them had almost killed him… but things were different now. Not only had he grown vastly more powerful since his day as an Awakened, but he had also received the revelations of madness from the Sin of Solace.

Thanks to that, he glimpsed the secrets that Ariel had left behind, and was seemingly inoculated against the power of the forbidden runes by the knowledge of the Forgotten God.

And so… Sunny did not feel repelled by the runes carved into the walls of the Ebony Tower anymore. All he felt was a slight sense of discomfort.

Of course, he still had to be careful when studying them — the knowledge of the Void that a daemon was capable of enduring could very well plant seeds of Corruption into his Transcendent Soul, and there was not telling if any of it was mixed between the passages concerning the Forgotten God.

There was also a bit of a problem…

Nether had not used the runic alphabet Sunny was most familiar with while leaving the notes on the wall, and since the Spell never translated the forbidden runes, he could not do it himself from memory. After years of wandering the Dream Realm and exploring ancient ruins, he could somewhat decipher the meaning, but a proper translation would take a lot of time.

Which was fine.

Sunny had nothing but time, these days.

He did not get to work immediately, though. What was the rush?

Instead, Sunny left the fifth level behind and descended lower. He passed the solemn shrine on the fourth floor, the workshops on the third floor, the divine flame reservoir on the second floor where Weaver's arm had once been left to burn, devoured by the harrowing rot — and finally reached the first level of the Ebony Tower.

That was where the Fire Keepers had established their living quarters.

The central chamber had been shrouded in darkness once, but now, it was brightly lit by a multitude of enchanted lanterns. Sunny counted them calmly and smiled.

Each of the lanterns was a Memory belonging to one of the Fire Keepers. They had been left behind here for a reason. For as long as the master of the lantern was alive, their lantern would continue to glow. If they perished, the lantern would dissipate into a rain of sparks, destroyed with the rest of their Memories.

There was a similar chamber in the Ivory Tower, which could tell if any of them had died.

From the look of it, the Fire Keepers were doing well in the Second Nightmares. The number of lanterns had not dwindled at all… at least not yet.

Looking away, Sunny walked over to one of the cots and fell on it heavily. As soon as his head hit the pillow, his eyes closed on their own.

He was tired…

It was time to sleep.

Tomorrow, his new life as an aimless wanderer would begin.

—— —— ——

Sunny woke up feeling refreshed.

It was still strange to him, to sleep while one of his incarnations stayed awake. In such moments, his consciousness seemed to split, one part of it functioning normally, the other drifting in the comforting embrace of slumber. He even dreamed sometimes, while simultaneously observing his dreams from the side.

In any case, his mental fatigue lessened no matter which incarnation slept, as long as one of them did.

Rising from the cot, Sunny looked around groggily.

There was nothing pressing he had to do, so he was not in a hurry. He summoned the Covetous Coffer, took out some supplies, and seasoned some monster meat. While it was roasting, Sunny brewed himself a pot of coffee.

Then, he took the pot and the plate of meat outside and ate breakfast while dangling his feet above the bottomless abyss of the Sky Below.

The sea of divine flames above made for a spectacular sky. He enjoyed the views for a while, sipping coffee and not thinking about anything in particular. Eventually, though, Sunny grew bored, and finally returned to the fifth level of the Ebony Tower.

He looked at the runes for a while, eventually stopping near a familiar section of Nether's writings.

Out there on the obsidian wall, a strange map had been carved into the stone.

The Ivory Tower, the Tomb of Ariel, Ravenheart, Bastion, the great vessel that served as the Citadel for the House of Night, the Underworld… and Weaver's Mask placed above the other six landmarks, with a question mark next to it.

The other six strongholds were only marked by a single rune each.

Desire, Oblivion, Dread, Imagination, Repose, Destiny… and “Fate?”

Sunny studied the map with amusement.

It had seemed a bit strange before — after all, there were no borders, no terrain, no measure of distance between the strongholds. They all seemed strangely disconnected, as if there was no map at all.

Now, of course, Sunny knew the daemons had built their citadels in different realms, and so, it could as well have been a realm map. It was only after the Dream Realm had assimilated all mortal realms and five of the six divine realms that the daemonic strongholds ended up connected by land.

Finally, his gaze settled on the carving of Weaver's Mask.

Nether had not known where his eldest siblings dwelled, or if there was such a place at all.

Perhaps Weaver had been a homeless wanderer, just like Sunny.

Smiling darkly, Sunny looked away from the map and turned his attention to the runes.




***
Chapter 1751: Why Did the Flame Wane?


***






The work progressed slowly. 

There was no day or night in the Sky Below, and Sunny did not particularly care for tracking time anymore. He only knew how much of it had passed because of the happy shadow, which continued to act as Rain's guardian somewhere far away.

The task of learning how to read the forbidden runes was engrossing.

Sunny was not trying to decipher the ancient script blindly. He was familiar with many variations of the runic language that had been used in the Dream Realm… or rather, in the multitude of realms that would one day become its various regions. The languages the people of the bygone eras had spoken were different, and so were the writing systems they had used.

However, they all shared a common root… Hope, who had invented the concept of writing and the original runic script. Being familiar with that script and many of its descendants, Sunny could somewhat infer the meaning of derivative runic languages, and learn how to read them.

That task was not an easy one, even for a Saint but after spending a few weeks in the Ebony Tower, doing nothing but studying Nether's writings, he was making quick progress.

Sunny studied the runes, took walks along the edge of the scorched island, slept, and lay idly on his cot, staring at the celling. His life was tranquil, easy, and entertaining.

Truly free of all burdens.

…Sometimes, he felt the desire to claw at the walls of the Obsidian Tower.

In those moments, he visited the lightless shrine and stared at the statue of the Goddess of Black Skies.

The face of the statue was obscured by a veil, but the sculpture was so exquisitely carved that the veil seemed to be made from fine silk, not cold stone. He could see a vague silhouette of a divinely beautiful face, outlined by its delicate folds and creases.

Sunny couldn't help but feel that it shared a close resemblance to the faces of the broken porcelain dolls that piled into a mountain on the lowest level of the tower… as well as Saint's inhumanly beautiful visage.

Had Nether been obsessed with Storm God, or simply too lazy to sculpt a multitude of faces when there already was a perfectly fine one for him to copy? He had been a very practical man, after all… as well as the most impractical of them. Why else would he rise in rebellion against the gods?

As Sunny made advancements in his understanding of the forbidden runes, he was able to make a rough estimate of when exactly the Demon of Destiny had resided in the Ebony Tower.

It had been in the latter half of the Golden Age, during Hope's imprisonment. Nether seemed to have already fallen out with Storm God, but was not contemplating going to war against the heavens yet.

Instead, he had turned his back on the world and dedicated himself to his misguided passion — trying to create living beings, which was an authority exclusive to the gods.

Much like Sunny had turned his back on the world and dedicated himself to studying these forbidden runes.

The Ebony Tower seemed to attract disheartened men.

Most of the runes carved into its walls were… esoteric, to say the least. Sunny slowly learned how to understand their meaning, but that did not mean that he understood what they meant. It would be the same if someone had given him a highly advanced scientific paper on quantum physics to read — knowing human language would not help him comprehend the contents.

The fact that Nether's writing had never been meant to be read by anyone except the Demon of Destiny himself did not help, either. He had left these notes for himself, so they weren't very detailed.

There were many passages like:

«Dissected. Structure, pathways, flow, Basic mechanics hide the deep complexity of process and function. Material?»

«Correlation or causation? Potential hints at obsolescence. Source unknown, observation flawed.»

Sunny could not really understand the meaning of these passages, but he did discern several underlying themes.

Nether's goal was to create a living being, and as such, his research had been developing in two directions — the creation of a body, and the creation of a soul. The former was purely time-consuming, but the latter seemed to vex the daemon to no end.

How did the gods will souls into existence? Why were the creatures created by the gods able to propagate, giving birth to new souls? What was the secret? There was no answer.

The Demon of Fate had created weaving, while the Demon of Desire had created runic sorcery. The Demon of Destiny, however, had not authored an original school of sorcery of his own, taking elements from wherever he felt useful and bending them to serve his purpose.

However, he had possessed the deepest understanding of soul power out of everyone Sunny had known, except for the gods themselves. Nether had been able to manipulate souls and soul essence to a frightening degree, accomplishing things that should not have been possible.

And yet, he had not been able to create a living being out of nothing, no matter how Ingenious his methods were and how great his determination was. That was one thing that the Demon of Destiny could not build.

For a time.

Sunny knew that the daemon had eventually succeeded, creating Saint and her people. His perception was influenced by knowing the end result, but back then, Nether must have been daring to the point of insanity, to pursue something that had never been done before, and was not supposed to be possible.

What had motivated him to persist in his seemingly hopeless endeavor?

Sunny did not know, and doubted that he would learn the answer in the Ebony Tower. The runes carved into its walls were Nether's research notes, not a personal diary — there was no mention of the daemon's feelings or emotions, as if he had not been capable of having them at all.

That said… not everything written on the black walls was dry and void of feeling.

After weeks of studying the runes, Sunny concentrated on three fragments, all unlike the rest of the passages he had translated.

The first one seemed like a poem or a short story that Nether had written down for some unknown reason.

It read:

[Why does the flame wane?]

[I asked the black skies.]

[«What is life?»]

[The skies answered in a subtle voice.]

[«A mother is watching her children die slowly of starvation. There is only enough food for one of them, but she is hungry, too. That is life.»]

[«The war is over, and those who discarded their weapons to surrender are made slaves. They are brought to an arena and told to kill each other. A young warrior looks at a sword, his hand trembling. That is life.»]

[«A man loves his wife, but feels lonely in her company. One day, walking the market, he sees a beautiful stranger smiling at him sweetly. He hesitates to return the smile. That is life, as well.»]

[I pondered.]

[«So… life is a choice?»]

[The skies laughed.]

[«Life is desire. It's a desire to be alive.»]

[The skies were illuminated by a myriad of stars, burning in the beautiful darkness.]

[Like the flame of desire had burned in the hideous void, giving birth to the seven gods.]

[Why does the flame wane?]

Sunny thought about the strange story for a long time, Was it a fable Nether had written down on a whim? Or the transcript of an actual conversation between him and Storm God?

In any case, it had to have meaning. The Demon of Destiny was not someone who would have carved runes into stone without a reason.

He had been trying to create life, so the story could have been a contemplation on the nature of life. However… to Sunny, It seemed like there were many layers to this passage.

The Goddess of Black Skies had described three situations. One was about hunger, one was about the desire to survive, and the last one was about lust. So, had she been trying to say that life was hunger, fear, and lust?

He did not think so. It seemed that the exact situation did not matter too much… what mattered was that the character of each anecdote was faced with a choice. Nether had been the Demon of Choice, so… was that the true meaning of the story?

Somehow, Sunny felt that it was not that important, either.

The truly important part was the first and the last lines of the story.

Why did the flame wane?

The waning flame was, presumably, desire — the primordial desire that had been born in the Void, and gave birth to the gods in turn.

Sunny remembered the murals describing the origin of the daemons clearly, both those that he had seen in the drowned library of Fallen Grace, and those he had seen in the Estuary.

On one, a golden flame was burning in the darkness. On the next, seven figures — the gods- were surrounding the greatly diminished flame, Sitting on the edge of the Ebony Island and looking at the sea of divine flames above, he blinked.

«No, wait… but really…»

Why did the flame diminish?

The divine flames that had created the Sky Below waned slowly over thousands of years, until only this much was left. One day, they would be extinguished altogether.

But why had the primordial desire waned after giving birth to the gods?

Did it have something to do with the secret of life? 

Nether had built the Ebony Tower because he wanted to use divine flame to create living beings, but he eventually abandoned that path and returned to the Underworld. Had he been trying to substitute the flame of desire with the flame of divinity?

All of it seemed too… interconnected, somehow, and encapsulated in the strange story to be a mere coincidence.

However, even if it was, Sunny could not, for the life of him, understand what it actually meant.

He summoned Saint, shared his theory with her, and asked for her opinion.

…Saint, of course, remained silent, simply staring at him with indifference.

«Thought so.»

Sunny clicked his tongue, dismissed the Shadow, and returned to the tower with a sullen expression on his pale face.




***
Chapter 1752: Reading About Nothing.


***






The second passage he was keenly interested in was much less poetle, but tantalized Sunny much more. That was because it mentioned the other daemons… most of all, the nebulous Demon of Fate.

The runes read: 

[Gods created all living creatures, but not all creatures they created carry a divine lineage. Only those born of the gods do, and those born of their descendants. Why have the gods forbidden us seven to sire offspring? Why are we destined for loneliness?]

[Is it because we are of the Forgotten One, who slumbers in the Void?]

[Where is the Void, and where is its Gate? How did Weaver enter it, and what did Weaver see?]

[Why did Weaver decide to break the will of the gods and create a lineage?]

[Blood, bone, flesh. Soul, spirit, mind. And shadow.]

[The gods shall discover the transgression, but they cannot.]

[That is because, having created a lineage, Weaver does not possess a lineage. It has been lost and will be lost, therefore having never been in Weaver's possession. One cannot be punished for something that has never been.]

[A piece is lost to fantasy, a piece is lost to fear. A piece is lost to respite, a piece is lost to darkness. A piece is lost to sorrow, a piece is lost to rot. And finally, a piece is stolen by a thief.]

[Weaver's defiance is elusive, just like Weaver is. But mine will be different.]

Sunny stared at the runes for a while, his eyes burning with wanderlust.

Nether seemed to have been considering the difference between him, the youngest sibling, and Weaver — the oldest. Both had decided to defy the gods, but in a different way.

«Gods created all living creatures, but only those born of them carry a divine lineage…»

It seemed that Weaver had pursued the latter, while Nether had pursued the former.

But more importantly…

«Weaver's lineage.»

Finally, he knew the remaining parts of the Weave. He had already found Blood Weave, Bone Weave, and Soul Weave. Flesh, Mind, Spirit, and Shadow Weaves remained.

«Shadow Weave!»

Would absorbing it make up for Shadow God's lineage that Blood Weave had so unceremoniously devoured?

And if he managed to collect all seven, would the broken lineage of Weaver restore itself to an unblemished state, granting him its full power?

Sunny finally understood why the Weave had been shattered into many fragments, to begin with. it was because Weaver had hidden its existence from the gods by scattering it across the tapestry of fate.

Its fragments had always been fated to be lost, and so, it was as if Weaver had never possessed them at all. The fragment destined to be lost to sorrow was Soul Weave, which Sunny had found near Oblivion's grave. The fragment destined to be lost to rot was Bone Weave, which he had found here in the Ebony Tower.

The fragment destined to be stolen by a thief was Blood Weave, which the Nightmare Spell had granted him for slaying the Spawn of the Vile Thieving Bird.

At the time when Nether had been carving these runes, Oblivion was still alive, while Weaver had not lost an arm. Therefore, the Demon of Fate had foreseen these events in advance… or maybe even reached into the tapestry of fate to attach the fragments of the Weave to its strings.

One had to be inventive to avoid the gaze of the gods.

But where had the other four fragments ended up? Sunny looked back at the runes.

«A piece is lost to fantasy, a piece is lost to fear A piece is lost to respite, a piece is lost to darkness…»

He contemplated for a few minutes, then turned and gazed at the map where the strongholds of the daemons were depicted.

«Fantasy, fear, rest, darkness. Imagination, Dread, Repose, Destiny?»

Were the remaining four fragments of the Weave located somewhere in Bastion, Ravenheart, Stormsea, and the Underworld?

He was suddenly overcome by the desire to travel to Bastion and check himself.

However… that desire quickly dimmed.

Going back to Bastion, Ravenheart, and the great citadel of the House of Night that drifted on the waves of Stormsea meant diving back into the boiling cauldron of humanity.

Sunny had just escaped it. Why would he go back?

The Underworld was a better choice… but also a suicidal one. Sunny was not ready to venture into the depths of the Hollow Mountains. His strength might have increased explosively after the Transcendence, but true darkness was the natural enemy of shadows. Out there, below the jagged peaks, was the realm of darkness…

Sunny would be nearly powerless there. Blind, weakened, and without an ally.

He could imagine himself braving a Death Zone, but not the Underworld.

«Forget it, then.»

Deeply disappointed, Sunny turned away from the passage and tried to never look at it again.

«Maybe someday In the future.»

The third passage that interested him, coincidentally, had to do with the Hollow Mountains.

But… it was a strange one.

The runes read:

[What can contain the Void? Nothing can.]

Gods used nothing to envelop the void, and placed the cage of desire above it.

In the places where the cage is thin, nothing slips through its seams. The Underworld is one such place, shrouded in nothing.

It is like mist.

However…

Nobody can exist in the mist.

Nothing can contain the Void, and nobody exists within it.

[I am wary of nobody, and fear nothing.]

Sunny was utterly bewildered by what he read, and thought that he had messed up the translation at first. But after going over it one more time, he confirmed that the translation was correct.

«Was Nether having a stroke?»

He reread the runes several more times, his bewilderment growing.

«No, he was not someone who would write down nonsense.»

So, the passage must have had meaning. But what was the meaning of nothing?

Sunny pondered the question for a few days, until a tenuous idea surfaced in his mind.

What if nothing… was literally something?

Not the absence of everything, but the presence of nothing.

Just thinking about that made his head hurt.

But it seemed very much like something that the gods would be involved in. These beings operated with ideas and concepts, after all, having shaped the very universe into existence.

So, if nothing could contain the Void… the gods could have gone and literally used nothing to contain it. Enveloping the Void in a layer of nothingness, which the Void Beings could not cross, because nothing could stop them. And bringing down the cage of existence on top of that layer.

That would be a godlike thing to do, wouldn't it?

That nothingness seemed to seep into the universe, though…

Like mist.

Weren't the Hollow Mountains always shrouded in a strange mist?

Sunny opened his eyes wide, remembering how the cohort had escaped a flood of mist on the outskirts of the Hollow Mountains. Back then, they felt a terrible threat emanating from it, not knowing why.

If that mist was literally nothingness… would they have been erased from existence if it swallowed them?

Sunny also remembered the eerie creature that had come from the mist and demanded that he open his eyes on the Ashen Barrow.

«Nobody exists within it…»

Were there… actual beings born from and dwelling in nothingness?

He suddenly felt a chill running down his spine.

The Demon of Destiny… was wary of nothing, and feared nobody.

Wasn't Nether actually admitting that he felt wary of nothingness and feared the beings dwelling in the mist?

«Goddammit.»

As if the world wasn't scary enough already!

Sunny already had his hands full dealing with the Nightmare Creatures. There were also the Void Creatures, which were infinitely more harrowing than the familiar abominations… luckily, they were locked away by the gods.

And now, there were also Nothing Creatures? Nobodies?

No… he simply refused to deal with that.

«Time to get some sleep.» 

Sunny shook his head and left the fifth level of the Ebony Tower, returning to his living quarters.

The translation… was mostly complete.

He had already determined which passages he could understand, which he couldn't fathom, and which spoke too much about the Void, meaning that he had to avoid them at all costs.

Staying in the Sky Below was slowly becoming meaningless.

Perhaps it was time to start thinking about his next destination.

«I'll consider it tomorrow.»

Just before falling asleep, Sunny wondered where he would go, and a sudden thought crossed his mind.

«I don't exist in the memories of the world anymore, so am I a Nothing Creature, too? A nobody…»




***
Chapter 1753: Runaway


***






In the morning, Sunny woke up and simply remained on the cot, staring at the ceiling. He felt strangely apathetic.

Yesterday, he had considered whether it was worth it to continue studying Nether's writings. There wasn't much left for him to learn from the runes... as soon as that idea entered his mind, all the motivation and excitement he had been feeling about translating them disappeared. Without something to look forward to, he could not find a reason to get up.

How long had he spent in the Sky Below, anyway? A month? Closer to two?

In any case, he had beaten his previous record.

'Might as well get comfortable…’

Sunny closed his eyes and went back to sleep.

He spent the next few days doing nothing. Sometimes, Sunny would go outside and look at the sea of flames. Sometimes, he would remain in the Ebony Tower, staring at the walls. Only his incarnation that guarded Rain remained active, which was the sole reason he was not dying of boredom.

Eventually, however, he became fixated on a strange thought.

‘...Can I cross the Hollow Mountains?’

The question seemed rhetorical, but it was not. Sunny did not dare delve into the hollow interior of the great mountain chain, where elemental darkness dwelled. But what about braving the mist shrouding it to traverse the exterior?

If the mist enveloping the jagged peaks was indeed pure nothingness, then anyone who entered it would become nothing. At least that was what one would think... they would think wrongly, though.

Sunny had undeniable proof that it was possible to survive in the mist, at least for some time. It was the fact that Saint Cormac had spent months exploring the Hollow Mountains on behalf of Clan Valor before being killed by Saint Tyris.

What had been his goal? Searching for a way to cross to the other side? Looking for an entrance into the Underworld, where Nether's stronghold was supposedly located? Or something else entirely, which Sunny could not even guess?

In any case, if Cormac could do it, then Sunny could, too.

'Should I try?'

He had no plans and no particular desires, except for the desire to be far away from everyone. Was there a more distant place than the unexplored vastness beyond the Hollow Mountains? There, Sunny would be truly and utterly alone, which was what he wanted.

The romance of the unknown....

His curiosity and wanderlust were calling him.

On the other side of the impregnable mountain chain... lay the Forgotten Shore.

It was now a desolate land of perpetual darkness. Most of the creatures that had populated the coral labyrinth were gone, annihilated by the Terror of the Crimson Spire. The dark sea was gone, as well, sealed by his own hand Maybe a few abominations still survived, somewhere in the darkness... but he still wanted to visit that place one more time. 

Sunny could retrace the steps of the journey he had made with Nephis and Cassie. He could make sure that the Soul Devourer was dead, and if not, fulfill his promise to burn the damned thing to the ground. lіght~nоvel~cаve~c`о/m. He could return to the Dark City and sift through the scorched ruin of the Bright Castle, find the statue of the Slayer that he had never seen, and sleep on his own bed in the ruined cathedral.

And that was not all.

Humans knew about the Forgotten Shore now. They also knew that the Nightmare Desert lay to the east, thanks to Nephis making the journey. However, no one had even learned what lay to the west and north of that cursed place.

Sunny could become the first human to ever set foot in those mysterious regions of the Dream Realm. Sure, no one would ever learn about his discoveries... but he would know, Doing it for himself was enough.

A subtle sense of excitement slowly took hold of his heart.

‘No, no... I must have lost my mind.’

The Hollow Mountains were vast, and they were called a Death Zone for a reason. Who would want to enter a Death Zone of their own free will? One would have to be completely insane to do something like that!

He would never.

Shaking his head, Sunny summoned the Covetous Coffer and went about cooking himself a dinner. The dimensional storage was still full of monster meat, but there were plenty of ingredients from the waking world, as well. Feeling a bit down, Sunny decided to pamper himself a little.

Pulling out a printed cooking book from the alloy chest, he turned the pages absent-mindedly. Eventually, his attention was drawn to two recipes.

Sunny frowned.

"Huh."

Waffles? Or pancakes?

He wasn't very knowledgeable about these staple dishes, so deciding which to make was a big problem.

In the end, he decided to make both.

***

Sunny had abandoned the thought of crossing the Hollow Mountains,

Or, rather... he had tried to.

However, it was stuck in his mind like a catchy melody. The more time he spent idling in the Ebony Tower, the stronger the call of adventure became. He had come up with all kinds of reasons for why it was a terrible idea... and yet, it only grew more alluring.

'Can I do it or not?'

He probably could.

Sunny continued to hesitate, wasting time in indecision.

In the end, the decision was more or less made for him.

One day, he opened his eyes earlier than usual. His five shadows had all been resting on the floor, but now, they seemed alert. His shadow sense had long ago enveloped the island, so he could instantly feel the most minute changes in his surroundings.

Someone was moving on the highest floor of the Ebony Tower.

‘The portal.’

Sunny rose from the cot noiselessly. He had been careful not to leave any traces of himself anywhere on the island, so all there was to do was place his pillow back in its original position.

The shadows wrapped themselves around his body, and a moment later, he dissolved into the darkness.

Soon enough, a delicate figure walked down the stairs, followed by a few more. It was Cassle and a few Fire Keepers... who seemed to have undergone the Ascension, already.

"Gather everything. We will be leaving shortly"

Sunny observed as the Fire Keepers went about dismantling their makeshift outpost. The cots were disassembled. The enchanted lanterns were gathered and prepared to be carried away. The modest kitchen was taken apart and stored in crates for transportation.

'What are they doing?'

Cassie looked a little bit disheveled, which was very unlike her usual tidy self. She observed the Fire Keepers silently, but at some point, a slight scowl appeared on her face.

The blind seer wandered the hall for a bit, seemingly without aim. Eventually, she stopped near the cot Sunny had slept on and touched the pillow briefly. He was about to grow tense, but at that point, one of the Fire Keepers called out to her:

"Cassie... are we really not going to be able to return here?"

Turning around, she lingered for a few moments, then answered with a sigh:

"I don't know. The Ivory Tower is about to leave the Chained Isles. The connection between the two portals might depend on distance, or it might not.... in any case, it is better not to take the risk.”

Hiding in the shadows, Sunny was momentarily stunned.

'Right... Nephis told Cassie to take the Ivory Tower to Bastion.’

He had forgotten all about it.

What would have happened if he stayed on the Ebony Island until the connection between the two portals was broken? Was he capable of ascending all the way to the Sky Above on his own?

Probably... after doing some weaving, at least.

But it would be such a pain.

'It seems I can't stay here anymore.’

It was so sudden.

But it was also... a relief.

Feeling strangely liberated, Sunny silently hid himself in Cassie's shadow and stayed with her until the outpost was completely disassembled. Then, he followed the blind seer back to the portal... on the way, Sunny said a silent goodbye to the statue of Storm God and threw one last glance at the map carved into the wall on the fifth level.

The Hollow Mountains were calling to him, and he had no reason to refuse the invitation anymore.

Once Cassie and the Fire Keepers returned to the Ivory Island, taking him with them, Sunny silently reached down with his senses and used Shadow Step to teleport to the distant land far below.

He stepped out of the shadows on the Southern Island, in the ruins of the ancient stronghold that had once belonged to Shadow Lord, and where he battled Nightmare many years ago.

In the sky above, the beautiful silhouette of the Ivory Island was drifting among clouds.

Sunny remained motionless for a while, looking up. Eventually, the flying island slowly moved, traveling south... crossing the chasm separating the Chained Isles from the rest of the Dream Realm, and leaving them behind.

It was time for him to go, as well.

He watched the Ivory Tower float away, and then turned around, facing north.

"...Goodbye."

Taking the first step, Sunny headed away from the ruined stronghold, never looking back.




***
Chapter 1754: I Hurt, Therefore I Am


***






Sunny remembered the first time he went all the way to the northern boundary of the Chained Isles vividly. Back then, it had taken Cassie and him around a month to reach the Night Temple from the Sanctuary of Noctis.

The Southern Island was further away from the Hollow Mountains than the Sanctuary - and yet, Sunny made the journey in under a week. Even then, it had only taken him that long because he was taking his sweet time.

He did not need to traverse the heavenly chains to get from one island to the other anymore instead, he simply turned into a crow and flew north, landing from time to time to rest or take a look at something peculiar.

The Crushing was of no issue because he could escape it at any time with Shadow Step. The Nightmare Creatures of the Chained Isles were too weak to pose a serious threat to him, at least as long as he stayed alert. Most simply fled, frightened by his dark presence.

Strangely enough, Sunny felt that he was more at home in the Dream Realm than he was in the waking world. It was as though being a Transcendent finally made him suited to exist in this land of beauty and dread.

Soon, he saw a black line on the northern horizon. The line grew darker and taller as he ventured further north, until he finally could make out the jagged peaks of the Hollow Mountains.

The great mountain chain pierced the sky like the fangs of a giant dragon... at least that was how Sunny always perceived it before. Now, however, he knew that they were simply a scar left on the surface of the world by the fall of a Void Creature that had been killed here at the dawn of time.

True darkness was born from the blood of that abyssal being, which had seeped into the broken earth.

Having beheld the draconian peaks, Sunny lowered his gaze and looked down.

The Northern Island had been destroyed in the battle between Sky Tide and Saint Cormac, so the chasm separating the Chained Isles from the Hollow Mountains was wider than before. Across the dark abyss of the Sky Below, the mountains rose steeply into the distant sky, white mist rolling down their slopes.

It flowed into the abyss like a wall of clouds, disappearing into the darkness.

Sunny exhaled slowly.

He was standing on the edge of an island, with the broken chain that had once connected it to the Northern Island rattling quietly far below, Far away, on the other side of the chasm, the great anchor chain that had once connected the Chained Isles to the Hollow Mountains was hidden by mist.

He was not alone.

Saint, Serpent, Nightmare, and Fiend were standing around him. Gloomy, creepy, haughty, naughty, and crazy shadows lay on the ground, as well. Only the happy shadow was missing, busy with its own mission.

Sunny exhaled slowly, then looked at his retinue.

He remained silent for a while, then said with a pale smile:

"The smart way of doing this would be to send one of you into the mist first. To see how it goes."

None of them showed any reaction... except for Fiend, who tried to hide behind Saint without drawing attention. Sadly, with his current size, hiding behind Saint was not as effective as it had been before.

Sunny grinned.

"...Luckily for you, no one has ever accused me of being smart."

He had been complimented on his wit from time to time, but never in an accusatory tone. So, the statement was technically true.

Shaking his head, Sunny commanded the shadows to wrap themselves around his body. Then, he dismissed the Shadows and faced the abyssal chasm once more,

‘What a bother...'

He had already tried to extend his shadow sense into the mist to breach the chasm with Shadow Step, but couldn't sense a single shadow on the other side. In fact, he couldn't sense anything. It was as if... nothing existed beyond the veil of mist.

Perhaps quite literally.

'Here we go.'

Sunny dissolved into the shadows, then emerged from them in the form of a crow. Flapping his wings, he cawed loudly and flew toward the Hollow Mountains.

He left the rattling of chains behind and glided on the winds above the bottomless abyss of the Sky Below. The white wall of flowing mist drew closer and closer, and as it did, Sunny's heart beat faster and faster.

'What if I really just... disappear?'

Would it be that bad? After all, he was all but erased from existence, already. Ending up being swallowed by nothing only seemed fitting.

'What the hell... of course, it's bad!'

Sunny was not going to disappear. He still wanted to live... in fact, he wanted to live more than ever before.

That was a strange quirk of his personality. The less reason there was for him to live, the more he wanted to survive, out of nothing but pure spite. Now that the world had truly and utterly rejected him, Sunny had to stay alive, no matter the cost.

Letting out another caw, Sunny plunged into the white mist.

Immediately, he felt..., strange.

‘Ah…’

What... what was that feeling?

Sunny couldn't quite describe it. However, it was debilitating enough to make him fall from the sky.

He crashed into the cold rock, rolling down the slope in a mess of limbs. The Crow Shell had collapsed, and he was back to his human body. The rocks bit into his skin painfully, but Sunny did not, and could not, pay it any attention.

'What... the hell... is this...'

It was... it was.... It was like a mind attack, but also completely different. At the same time, it was like a soul attack, but did not bring him any pain. It was also like a physical attack, but ir did not harm his body.

The best way Sunny could describe it was that, suddenly, he felt as if he was dreaming. Or rather, had been dreaming all along.

As if he was nothing but a fleeting dream, and all his life had been one long, meaningless nightmare. And, therefore...

That none of it was real, and none of him was real either.

His sense of self was slowly dissolving under the numb indifference of that obvious realization, as if he was being pulled into a state of senselessness.

Sunny had never existed, and would never exist.

He…

He…

He did not exist.

As soon as he acknowledged that fact, his soul started to dim.

His body started to lose strength, as well.

His thoughts turned slower.

‘That is right.’

Sunny smiled faintly.

'Come from nothing. Return to nothing.’

He could sense the mist flowing around him.

Through him.

Was his body turning transparent? If so... that was alright. That was how it should be.

Only...

'If I don't exist, if there is no me... then why does it hurt to have never existed so much?’

He had experienced being erased from existence once, already. That pain would have been meaningless if he had never existed, in the first place... so, the mere fact that it had hurt him so badly was a contraction.

If he was nobody, then he would have felt nothing. But he felt something, and therefore, he had to be somebody.

Pain bloomed in his heart like a flower.

And with it, his Transcendent soul ignited with the beautiful radiance of divine flame.

Tenacious blood ran through his body, filling it with strength.

His mind was aflame with desire.

Desire to exist.

'I hurt, therefore I am... wait, what? What kind of nonsense am I spouting?!'

Sunny groaned and concentrated all of his formidable mind on a single thought:

"I am!"

He was not nothing.

He was not nobody.

He was Sunless, formerly known or rather, unknown - as Lost from Light. He was the Devil of Antarctica. He had been the Mad Prince once, but he was not anymore. He was even Lord Mongrel, even if he wished otherwise.

He was... Sunny.

It took all his focus to keep that thought from dissolving into the mist.

Once he managed to prove his own existence, the pressure of nothingness did not disappear, and the pull of non-existence did not lessen. Sunny had to keep concentrating on the fact that he had been, was, and would be without reprieve. lіght~nоvel~world~c`о/m. If he let go of that fervent thought even for a few moments, both his soul and body would probably turn into flowing mist. 

"Dam... damnation…”

Grimacing, he slowly rose from the cold stone and stared into the white nothingness that surrounded him with a grim expression.

'Ah. How insidious.’

This... was not going to be easy.

Mumbling quiet curses, Sunny dusted himself off and looked around.

He could not see anything, and the mist was dampening his senses. So, he didn't even know which direction he was supposed to go.

However, it wasn't hard to determine where the north was.

All he had to do was pay attention to the ground.

The ground under his feet was sloping in a certain direction... going down meant returning to the Chained Isles, going up meant venturing deeper into the Hollow Mountains.

He rubbed his face, sighed, and started climbing the slope.




***
Chapter 1755: Affirmation


***






1755 Affirmation

Sunny walked up the rocky slope, surrounded by the flowing mist and a silence so absolute that it was almost deafening. He could not see very well, and even if he could, he wouldn‘t have been able to perceive much -— his mind was so strained by the imperative need to continuously affirm his own existence that there wasn't much space left for other thoughts.

The mist could barely be permeated by his shadow sense, as well. His senses were impaired — not as much as they would have been in true darkness, but still severely. Step. Step. Another step. 

All sounds were muffled, and he could not hear his own footsteps. Because of that, Sunny had an eerie feeling that he was not moving at all.

'Damnation.‘

This is going to be tiring.

He walked for a few hours, feeling more and more fatigued. Just a day before, he was flying across the Chained Isles, unrestrained and full of power... but now, simply taking a step felt like a burden.

That said, Sunny suspected that he would slowly... very slowly... grow accustomed to the pressure of existing within nothingness. He would have been long erased from existence if he had been a mere Sleeper... but a Transcendent soul was much more vast and potent than that of a Dormant being.

More importantly, it was fundamentally different from the souls of Sleepers, Awakened, and Masters. That was because a Saint's soul was connected to the world — so, to erase it, nothingness had to erase all those connections as well.

That was why Sunny could struggle to keep existing in the mist.

In the next few days, he made little progress. Sunny did not dare to move brazenly here in the Hollow Mountains, especially before knowing what horrors lay hidden in the fog. So, he kept a low profile and simply walked, like a mundane human would.

The slopes under his feet turned steeper and steeper, and his surroundings became colder and colder. If these were mundane mountains, there would have already been snow covering the ground. But in this eerie place, the hidden expanse of black rock remained barren, with nothing but mist flowing across its surface.

Sunny judged that he would have to start climbing in earnest soon, scaling towering cliffs. Alternatively, he would have to circle around the steepest slopes to find easier paths. There were no ruins hidden in the mist, no signs of living beings having ever been here. No sounds, no signs of danger. Nevertheless, Sunny tried to remain as alert as possible. He did not believe for a moment that there would be no abominations hiding in the fog — after all, if he could resist the pull of nothingness, so would the more powerful of the Nightmare Creatures.

And then there were the others... those who had been born from the mist.

As the days passed, he was slowly getting better at keeping himself from disappearing. It was still putting a constant strain on his mind, but at least Sunny did not sway like a drunk anymore while walking. He could pay more attention to his surroundings, as well, which was a relief.

He journeyed deeper into the mountains, having nothing to do but think.

Of course, what he thought about the most was nothing.

Sunny did not know how Cormac had managed to brave the insidious mist — perhaps the same way he was doing it, through sheer will, or perhaps with the help of some artifact forged by the King of Swords.

However, he had come to believe that some people were better suited for the task than others.

And, surprisingly, Sunny was one such person.

There were several reasons why he could survive better in the white mist of the Hollow Mountains.

The first reason was very simple — it was his Transcendent Ability, Shadow Incarnation. One had to constantly affirm their existence if they wanted to resist the pull of nothingness, which, among other things, meant that they could not allow themselves to sleep. Surrendering to sleep, even for a few moments, would mean death... and even Saints had to rest from time to time.

Sunny, however, could delegate rest to his absent incarnation. Not only that, but his avatar could also don the Puppeteer's Shroud — he had transplanted the [Blessing of Spirit] enchantment of the Shroud of Graceless Dark into the weave of that armor, which enhanced his ability to endure and recover from mental fatigue.

Cormac had not possessed such an ability, so his expeditions into the Hollow Mountains had never lasted more than a month or two. Sunny, however, could, in theory, stay here indefinitely thanks to his avatar.

The second reason was that he possessed a rich experience of trying to maintain his sense of self due to Shadow Dance. Sunny had spent years trying not to lose himself in the forms and shapes of the beings he shadowed, so resisting the dreadful pull of nothingness was, in a sense, nothing new to him.

It would have been much better if he still had a True Name, but, sadly, that was one of the two disadvantages weighing him down. The other disadvantage was that there were no strings of fate connecting him to other people, places, and events. Erasing someone like him, untethered from everything, was easier. After all, the vacuum left in his absence would be very small.

Luckily, there was the third reason — his greatest ally in the sea of nothingness. It had to do with the power and nature of his soul.

A powerful soul was harder to erase from existence than a weak one, and Sunny's soul was much more potent than that of almost any other Saint, let alone someone of a lesser Rank. Not only did he possess six cores instead of one, but each of them was also altered and bolstered by Soul Weave. He also carried four powerful creatures in his soul — Saint, Serpent, Nightmare, and Fiend.

The nature of his soul was no less important. In that regard, Sunny actually had two advantages. The first was one of his Attribute, the [Flame of Divinity] — for whatever reason, divinity seemed to repel nothingness, protecting him like a radiant shield. The second... was the fact that he was a shadow, and had the soul of a shadow.

Sunny did not know why, but he had come to believe that shadows were especially difficult to erase from existence. The Vile Thieving Bird's Spawn had failed to consume his soul because he possessed shadow essence instead of soul essence. Similarly, nothingness was having trouble swallowing him now.

He remembered the cohort's journey to the outer boundary of the Underworld, and the forlorn shadows he had found in the maze. They had belonged to the companions of the First Lord, but their owners were somehow gone, leaving only the orphaned shadows behind.

Sunny thought that he understood how that had happened better now.

They must have encountered a creature of nothingness somewhere there, in the dark maze.

But Sunny and the rest had been warned by Cassie to keep their eyes shut, and so, they somehow passed through the darkness unscathed.

Stopping for a moment, Sunny let out a sigh, leaned against the black rocks, and stared into the mist.

'Keep our eyes shut…’ 




***
Chapter 1756: Nothing Left


***






Once again, Sunny remembered the chilling encounter with the creature that had come to the Ashen Barrow from the mist. lust like in the dark maze on the precipice of the Underworld, he had survived that encounter by keeping his eyes shut on Cassie's advice. The creature had been insidious, though, trying to trick them into opening their eyes. That was the first of the very few times Sunny had encountered an abomination capable of human speech...

But now, looking back on that fearful night, Sunny couldn't help but doubt if it had really spoken. He went over each and every word the creature had said.

His expression slowly froze.

Now that he thought about it... was it not the case? Every word it used was one that Nephis, Cassie, or Sunny had spoken themselves.

The mist being had stolen their words, just like it had stolen Cassie's voice. Like a twisted reflection.

Was that because the creatures of nothingness did not possess voices of their own? Or for some other, unfathomable reason?

In any case...

'How the hell did the Carapace Demon chase it away, back into the depths of the Dark Sea?‘

The Nightmare Creatures populating the transient sea of the Forgotten Shore were all of the Corrupted Rank, at least. Soul Devourer's loyal thrall, however, was merely an Awakened Demon. Had it been because it served the tree, and was augmented by it in some way? Because the Soul Devourer attacked the invader alongside its guardian? Or simply because battling the mist creatures was different from battling other abominations?

Maybe the Carapace Demon had kept its eyes shut, as well.

'Don't I know another creature who makes me want to keep my eyes closed, though?Well, actually, he knew two.

The first one was Torment. But he was more interested in the second one... Mordret.

The self-proclaimed Prince of Nothing, who could enter a being‘s soul through the eyes. That title of his... was it simply an ironic moniker Mordret had invented because of being abandoned by his family, or something far more meaningful?

After all, the connection between him and nothingness did not stop there. in the Second Nightmare, the original body he had been sent into belonged to a mysterious mist creature. A mist creature who had descended from the Hollow Mountains and consumed every living soul in the northern reaches of the Kingdom of Hope.

Mordret had undergone some sort of transformation in the Ebony Tower, as well, making him almost impossible to sense through divination. The Ebony Tower, which had belonged to Nether... the Prince of the Underworld, who was closely tied to the white mist and nothingness, wearing it like a mantle.

Was it all a series of coincidences, or did Mordret possess some connection to nothing? U 'I just can't make sense of that guy.'

What was his Aspect? What was his Flaw? What had Asterion done to him, and why did he enter the First Nightmare as a child? What had happened to him in that Nightmare? Mordret carried the lineage of War God... the Goddess of Life, as well as progress, technology, craft, and intellect. The patron deity of humanity. lіght~nоvel~world~c`о/m.  The core of his Aspect seemed to be connected to reflections and mirrors, which didn't strike Sunny like something having to do with warfare, and was only tangentially connected to technology and crafting. 

of course, Lineage and Aspect did not have to be directly connected. Sunny himself carried the lineage of Weaver, but possessed an Aspect tied to Shadow God. Nephis carried the lineage of Sun God, but her Aspect was not connected to any god at all, but rather to the mythical nephilim.

In any case, what did mirrors have to do with nothingness?

Sunny did not see a connection, but there had to be one.

'l'll ask the bastard the next time I see him. No... right. i won't see him ever again.‘

It was a bit of a relief.

After catching his breath — metaphorically speaking — Sunny sighed and continued on his way. However, this time, he took additional precautions. He closed his eyes and moved forward relying on nothing but his dampened shadow sense, sticking to shadows where he could.

The nothingness was oppressive.

But, at the same time... it was strangely healing.

Sunny was tormented by fatelessness. He was in pain because nobody remembered him, but here, ironically, his very life depended on being able to at least remember himself — and do it fiercely.

if no one else could acknowledge his existence, he had to do it himself.

And the more Sunny affirmed his existence, the duller his pain became.

'What a perverse situation.l

Moving stealthily through the. mist, Sunny smiled crookedly.

But then, he froze.

'...Crap.‘

He had grown so accustomed to the desolate silence of the Hollow Mountains that the sudden change sent him into a panic.

The ground had just trembled under his feet.

Alarmed, he dashed to the nearest outcropping of rocks and dissolved into the shadows cast by the overhanging stones. Remaining absolutely still, Sunny observed the world somberly.

The ground was shaking at short intervals, the tremors growing more violent with each minute. The silence was finally broken by the sound of rocks rolling noisily down the slopes. it echoed in the mist, distorted strangely.

'What...‘

It was then that it happened.

A twisted dark pillar descended from the sky and crashed into the mountain slope not far away from him. It remained motionless for a few moments, leaned, and then rose into the mist — only to fall down once more, dozens of meters away.

Further away, another pillar crashed into the stone. And then another, and another, and another...

Sunny suddenly felt very small.

'These are... legs.‘

In the next moment, an indescribable sound rolled through the mist, disturbing its flow. Distorted, it was like a deafening bellow of a war born, or a sorrowful wail of a gargantuan beast

The wail was full of fear and agony.

Avast shadow covered the area where Sunny was hiding, and then, dark liquid poured from above. Enormous waterfalls of something that resembled blood fell down and splattered on the rocks, turning into mountain rivers.

Hidden in the shadows, Sunny observed the terrible scene in silence.

The mist flowed above the rivers of dark blood, and as he watched... the blood slowly became transparent, already turning into wisps of fog.

A few moments later, the foaming rivers were gone, and all that was left...

Was nothing.

The towering pillars left the range of his perception, and the vast shadow pressing Sunny down disappeared with them.

The enormous creature, whatever it was, had moved on.

About a minute later, something crashed into the ground in the distance, causing one last, violent tremor.

Sunny hesitated for a while, then emerged from the shadows.

He stood motionless for a while, looking in the direction of where the enormous creature had gone.

Eventually, he gritted his teeth and followed.

'What the hell am I doing?’

He wasn‘t sure why he wanted to find the place where the creature had fallen, but something was pushing him forward. Perhaps it was the need to know what kind of enemies he would face in this eerie place. Perhaps it was simple curiosity. Perhaps it was something akin to the call of the void, the morbid desire to jump into the beckoning abyss. At some point, Sunny turned to a vertical slope and started climbing. The white mist was not uniform — it was thicker in some places and thinner in others. Usually, the closer to a peak one got, the further they would be able to see.

It took him some time to climb the tall cliff stealthily. Following along its edge, Sunny reached a narrow ledge and came into view of a vast mountain valley.

It was shrouded in mist, but he could still see the appalling shape of an immense, abhorrent creature that lay in the fog, its titanic body stretching as far as he could see. Shifting his gaze, Sunny paled when he saw an ocean of vile darkness permeating the being's soul, spreading from seven tumorous growths.

'A... a Great Titan.‘

His heart was suddenly cold.

Looking upon a Great Titan was already unnerving enough. What made Sunny truly tense, however... was the fact that the abomination's flesh was terribly torn and mutilated, as if it had barely escaped from a fearsome clash.

What could have mangled a Great Titan so badly?

The wounds were hideous and utterly dreadful, and yet, they did not seem grievous enough to kill a being such as this.

However...

They weakened it.

They weakened its body, they weakened its mind, they weakened its soul... and they weakened its will.

And that was much too dangerous in the Hollow Mountains.

Although the unfathomable abomination was still alive, the mist was already flowing over its endless shape.

Hiding in the shadows, stunned, Sunny remained motionless and watched...

As a Great Titan was devoured by nothingness, slowly dissolving into a milky fog.

Not long after, it was completely gone. It died just like that.

No, not even died.

The Titan was simply erased, as if it had never existed at all.




***
Chapter 1757: Hollow Mountains.


***






Sunny had felt bold not too long ago. Transcendence had increased his power tremendously, and reuniting with Serpent added another fearsome Shadow to his dark legion. He had braved the dark depths of Earth's oceans, slaughtered his way across the Antarctic Center like a Grim Reaper, slain the Winter Beast, and crossed the Chain Isles as if he was walking a walk in the park. 

His power had gotten to his head, and he had thought himself truly strong.

…The Hollow Mountains disabused him of that notion.

Wandering the endless expanse of flowing mist, lost among jagged peaks, Sunny was reminded of how weak and insignificant he was in the grand scheme of things.

Effie had once said that the Dream Realm was a dark paradise… but as far as Sunny was concerned, it seemed more like hell.

If the conquered regions of the Dream Realm were hell, however, the Hollow Mountains were a deeper and much more dreadful abyss. The horrors that dwelled here were beyond all reason, unfathomable and indescribable, possessing the power to reshape the world with the chilling malice of their alien wills.

Great abominations, and even Cursed ones… Sunny saw their grotesque shapes moving in the mist from time to time, making him shudder.

Sometimes, a vague silhouette of a vast creature would pass his hiding spot, wreathed in wisps of fog. Sometimes, an entire section of a mountain would come alive, sliding away to reveal itself as a gargantuan tentacle that had been wrapped around the towering peak. Sometimes, he would hear eerie sounds echoing in the mist, and feel as though his very mind was being consumed by them.

If not for the Onyx Mantle, which granted him a high degree of resistance to soul and mind attacks, those eerie cries alone would have been enough to kill him.

This was a land of death, after all. Humans had named such regions Death Zones for a reason there was no place for mortals here.

…And yet, Sunny was here.

He might have been humbled by the dread of the Hollow Mountains, but he was not deterred by it. Even if he was not powerful enough to face the creatures dwelling in the mist, he was strong and resourceful enough to survive them.

As time went on, he learned to resist the will-eroding pull of nothingness better. It still strained him, but pushing against the dissolution of his self had eventually become a habit. He moved stealthily and stayed out of sight, making sure not to attract the attention of the Great Nightmare Creatures, and retreated at the mere suspicion of a Cursed One being close by.

Of course, he was not always able to escape.

As months went by, Sunny failed to evade the attention of powerful abominations a few times. Navigating the mist was difficult, and his senses were impaired… so were theirs, but that simply meant that many things were up to luck.

And Sunny had no luck to speak of.

When he was forced to fight, the battles were chilling. The black rock shattered, and the mist boiled from the furious forces unleashed by the combatants — Sunny had to give it his all to simply survive, testing the absolute limits of his Transcendent power and using every ounce of cunning dwelling in his devious mind.

Sometimes, he killed the enemy. Sometimes, he repelled their assault and escaped.

Sometimes, he hurt them enough for their will to be shaken, and let the mist finish the job.

…It was strangely convenient. Unlike the Nightmare Creatures, Sunny never surrendered to nothingness — no matter how badly he was hurt, how terribly his flesh was mangled, and how much agony he was in, his will and desire to exist never wavered.

That was an advantage humans had over the abominable beings of Corruption, it seemed. The abominations had never had a strong sense of self, to begin with, while humans prized themselves for being highly individualistic.

Sunny had never thought that there would come a time when his only enemies would be Great Nightmare Creatures, but here it was.

The Hollow Mountains were a natural preserve for the most dreadful of beings. Only those whose will was strong enough to exist in nothingness could survive here, after all…

Sunny was one such being, as well, it seemed.

He had wandered the steep slopes of black rock for months, persistently searching for safer paths and seeking shelter in shallow caves when his body needed rest. Being surrounded by terrible enemies who were much more powerful than him and hiding from them like a tiny bug in order to survive… ah, it felt a little bit nostalgic.

Sunny felt as small and powerless as he had on the Forgotten Shore. But, at the same time, his mind was as clear as it had been there. He just had to survive, using all possible means there was just life and death, with nothing in between.

And just like on the Forgotten Shore, the more he survived, the stronger he became.

Battling Great Nightmare Creature in the flowing mist was just as merciless of a crucible as the Crimson Labyrinth and the Dark City had been for him as a Sleeper. He was slowly coming into his own strength, learning how to wield the vast power of a Transcendent. He also gained terrible experience of facing such creatures.

With every dreadful abomination that fell by his hand, Sunny learned how to kill the next one better. And with every abomination he managed to elude, he learned how to escape from the next one better. Fighting opponents stronger than himself… that was the best way to grow.

… Of course, it was not all battles here in the Hollow Mountains. In fact, Sunny spent most of his time hiding and creeping stealthily between the jagged peaks. He was tense and on edge most of the time, but sometimes, he was also very bored.

There were long stretches of time he had to spend holed up in some cave or hidden in the dark embrace of shadows, waiting for the danger to pass. Sunny entertained himself by working on the project he had started in the Tomb of Ariel — trying to turn the Covetous Coffer into an Echo.

He was making steady progress, slowly learning how to make that particular Memory into a vessel for the shadow of the Mordant Mimic. Now that Sunny had lost the assistance of the Nightmare Spell, he wasn't sure if he would even be able to make the conversion… but he still wanted to try, since he knew that he would not be getting any new Echoes for the same reason.

Fighting powerful Nightmare Creatures was more than exciting, but he needed some variety as far as entertainment was concerned. Weaving provided a nice change of pace.

Of course… Nightmare Creatures were not the only beings dwelling in the mist.

There were also the others.

Sunny had only encountered the creatures of nothingness after leaving the outskirts of the Hollow Mountains and venturing deeper into the vast expanse of the deadly region. His very first encounter had almost become his last.

Whispers of long-forgotten voices, echoes of long-extinguished wails… they surrounded him from all sides, drifting in the mist. Sunny had his eyes tightly shut, hiding in the shadows and praying for the eerie being to move past without noticing him. Somehow, he knew that if he saw it, he would not survive. Or at least his self would not survive — who knew, perhaps six lonely shadows would be left wandering the world in his wake.

Eventually, the whispers grew distant and disappeared.

The deeper into the mist Sunny went, the more of these creatures he encountered. He had never gazed at them, so he didn't even know what they looked like, or if they looked like anything at all. He could allow himself to fight the Nightmare Creatures, but every time he encountered a mist being, he either hid or escaped.

It was only that… after a while, Sunny started to doubt if they were even creatures at all. It almost felt as if the voices wandering the fog were strange phenomena, instead. As though the eerie remnants of things and beings erased by nothingness drifted in the mist. attracted to each other by the ancient vestiges of erased wills.

He had a particular suspicion, though…

«To be is to be perceived.» 

There was a school of thought that claimed that things only existed if they were perceived. That which was not perceived did not exist, but since one could not perceive nothing, everything they did perceive had to be something.

In other words, nothing would become something by the mere act of being perceived.

Like a reflection, perhaps, which was only there when one stood in front of the mirror.

It was a bit of a strange philosophy, and one that depended on the existence of an omniscient God to make sense — a God who perceived all of existence, and therefore made it real.

The gods were dead, of course, and more than that, they had never been omniscient. So, that disproved the whole notion… but Sunny still felt that there was a kernel of truth to it.

Perhaps things could exist without being perceived, and nothing would not become something even if it was witnessed.

But he felt that the beings of the mist would definitely become more real if they were witnessed. To behold them was the same as giving them power, Looking upon them would make nothing become something enough to come into contact with existence… and tear it apart.

At least that was what he thought. 

For that reason, Sunny did not only close his eyes near the mist creatures, but also covered his ears and retracted his shadow sense, turning himself blind, deaf, and mute.

Being devoid of most senses in the middle of a Death Zone was its own kind of terror, but he simply gritted his teeth and endured.

Sunny did not know if what he was doing had any meaning… but the creatures of nothingness had never managed to consume him, so maybe he was doing something right.




***
Chapter 1758: Something Wicked This Way Comes.


***






Even if Sunny found a tentative way to survive encounters with the creatures of the mist, and even if he was slowly learning how to survive in the battles against the Great Nightmare Creatures, claiming their lives one after another… even if he avoided the Cursed Ones with utmost caution… there was still one big problem he had to contend with.

The Hollow Mountains themselves. 

The Forgotten Shore was a vast land, one that probably had been its own realm once upon a time. The Nightmare Desert was of the same size, if not larger. And yet, the mountain chain stretched from east to west like a great wall, bordering both of these regions, and a few others. It was simply enormous.

Worse than that, the jagged peaks were shrouded in thick mist, which made navigating them all but impossible. Sunny was mostly sure that he had not lost his understanding of where the north was… but after dozens of furious battles and narrow escapes, his certainty was not absolute.

Maybe he was hopelessly lost, or maybe the Hollow Mountains were simply too vast. In any case, his journey was taking longer than he had expected.

Much, much longer.

Out there beyond the mist, Rain's family had already left the waking world behind and settled in Ravenheart. Sunny's avatar had approached her and somehow talked his way into becoming her teacher.

But Sunny was still wandering the mist, hiding from the unspeakable horrors that dwelled within it, and clashing with them when there was no chance to escape.

At times, he doubted that anything except for the white mist had ever existed. He was so accustomed to the flowing fog and the black rocks, so used to the harsh life of the weakest being in the mountains, and so familiar with the strange nature of existing in the sea of nothingness that his past did not seem real.

Wasn't it ironic? The only thing that seemed to have existed was non-existence.

The warm and endearing life of his distant avatar seemed like a dream, instead.

«Funny.»

Beaten and battered, hurting all over, Sunny was slowly learning how to fight and function without the Nightmare Spell.

Tired of only working on turning the Covetous Coffer into an Echo, he tried to envision a Memory that would replace some of the rudimentary functions of the Spell — especially those having to do with presenting information in an easily digestible manner.

Such a Memory was not that hard to weave, but actually designing It required some creativity. After all, the source of all that information would not be the Nightmare Spell, but Sunny himself — therefore, he had to find a way to automatically convert things he knew or perceived into runes. That was an interesting challenge.

Apart from that, he was also trying to teach himself how to enter his Soul Sea. Some of the things he had learned with the help of the Nightmare Spell had remained with him, like muscle memory — the acts of traveling between realms and placing realm tethers, for example.

But some, like visiting the Soul Sea, were completely gone. So, he had to relearn them.

The ancient people of the Dream Realm had been able to enter their Soul Seas long before the Nightmare Spell was created, so there was no reason that he couldn't do the same. In fact, there had probably never been a Transcendent who did not know the way into their Soul Sea, so Sunny felt a bit ashamed of himself.

It was just hard to find the way without a teacher. Nevertheless, he eventually succeeded… even if it had taken him slightly more than a year.

After entering the Soul Sea, Sunny confirmed two things. The first thing was that the Memories he could not summon… were truly gone, instead of being simply unavailable. That gave him a sense of bitter melancholy.

The second thing he learned was that the formless shadow of the Vile Thieving Bird's Spawn was gone, as well — just as he had suspected. The loathsome creature had claimed its odious chick.

A year had already passed, and he was still in the Hollow Mountains. He had celebrated his twenty-second birthday in a tiny cave on the side of a misty mountain.

Sunny felt thankful to the Onyx Mantle and the Puppeteer's Shroud — if not for the fact that both of his armors could repair himself, he would have been wearing rags.

He was also thankful to the Endless Spring because of Cassie's gift, he was not only able to quench his thirst whenever he wanted, but also wash himself regularly. Otherwise, every creature in the region would have probably detected his stench.

He was also thankful to Bone Weave and his Transcendent teeth. Most of the provisions he had stored in the Covetous Coffer were long gone, so his diet consisted predominantly of the meat harvested from the Great Nightmare Creatures slain by him. It tasted heavenly, but chewing it often was something only Saints would be able to do.

A few months after gaining access to the Soul Sea, Sunny successfully turned the Covetous Coffer into a flawed Echo.

It was only an Echo in name, possessing the structure of one, but lacking the main component -th semblance of autonomy. Nevertheless, that was fine. Sunny did not need the Coffer to do anything that a real Echo would be able to do, he Just needed it to be the vessel for the shadow.

Once the faux Echo was turned into a Shadow, the autonomy would follow. It was just that it would be true autonomy, not the masterful imitation of one granted by the Spell.

It took him another month to figure out how to fuse the shadow of the Mordant Mimic with the Covetous Coffer. Strangely enough, Serpent was of great help in that regard — with its help, Sunny guided the dark flames of his soul to encompass both, and listened to his instincts from there.

Sadly, everything happened so fast that he failed to glean the secrets of the mysterious process. He still had no idea how exactly Shadows were made, just that his Aspect contained some sort of authority that allowed him to create them. Nevertheless, Sunny wasn't sure that he would be able to repeat the process just yet.

In any case, that was how the Marvelous Mimic was born.

Sunny had come up with the name himself, because that was how he felt after commanding his new Shadow to turn itself into a little hut.

«Sleeping under an actual roof, away from the mist… wasn't that simply marvelous?»

His journey through the Hollow Mountains was still exhausting and harrowing, but at least it had become a little more comfortable.

….In the end, it took him around a year and a half to escape that misty hell.

One day, Sunny was limping down a slope — one of the hundreds, or maybe even thousands of the slopes he had climbed — with an emotionless expression on his pale face. Of course, no one could see his face, because it was covered by Weaver's Mask.

Hidden from view, his eyes were bleak and lifeless. His hair had grown longer than it had ever been, and was tied roughly by a piece of string. The Puppeteer's Shroud was torn, tattered, and stained with blood — he had just escaped from a terrible fight, and had no time to dismiss the armor yet, giving it a chance to repair itself.

Four of his shadows were exploring the mist, surrounding him from all sides — far enough to serve as scouts, but close enough to escape back to him at the first hint of danger. Only gloomy remained glued to his feet.

Sunny was talking to it in a flat voice:

«Well… anyway… that might be true, but mind your manners. I am a Saint, you know. Saint Sunless. Would it kill you to flatter me once in a while?»

The shadow stared at him sarcastically, then suddenly rose from the ground, turning into an avatar. The avatar, unlike the original body, was clad in the Onyx Mantle.

The avatar said:

«So what? I am Saint Sunless, too. I never lie!»

Sunny stared at the avatar darkly.

«What a hateful face. Stop staring at me, bastard.»

The avatar scowled.

«Who are you calling a bastard, you bastard? Don't you have any respect for our mother?!»

Sunny hissed through gritted teeth:

«Be a bit louder, why won't you?! Do you want some Cursed creature to hear you?»

The avatar stared at him gloomily for a while, then looked away.

They walked side by side for some time, keeping quiet.

Eventually, Sunny spat angrily:

«Waste of essence.»

The avatar grinned.

«I might be a waste of essence, but you're the one wasting essence to have a conversation with yourself. Fool.»

Sunny widened his eyes.

«What conversation? It's a quarrel. A quarrel with myself! Get your facts straight. Idiot.»

The avatar did not answer immediately, instead turning his head this way and that.

Eventually, he asked:

«Say… don't you think that the mist has been strangely thin recently? I can almost see the next mountain.»

Sunny scoffed.

«That's just how it is…»

But then, he fell silent.

Because at that moment, Sunny fully realized that he was right.

The mist was, indeed, too thin. It was thinner than ever before, even.

He lingered for a moment, then dismissed the avatar, wrapped the shadow around his body, and hurried his steps.

He recalled the scouting shadows, too, augmenting his body further.

«Can it be? No, really… can it?»

The world was slowly turning darker. 

«It can!»

Sunny forced himself to remain calm and alert, moving forward as fast as he could while remaining cautious.

Half a day later, he climbed a tall peak and looked ahead, staggering slightly at the sight.

He did not even register at first what he was looking at. The only thing he cared about was that he could see anything, at all.

Out there in front of him, there was no mist.

Instead, there was a vast and desolate expanse of flat land. A land shrouded in eternal darkness, with a starless void looming above it as a black sky.

Sunny inhaled deeply.

«No way…»

After all these years, he had returned to the Forgotten Shore.




***
Chapter 1759: Return to the Forgotten Shore.


***






The desolate expanse of the Forgotten Shore lay in front of Sunny, shrouded in darkness.

The black sky was vast and empty. There were no stars, no moon, and no sun populating the lightless abyss, making it seem boundless. Faced with the hollow eternity of its unfathomable grandeur, Sunny couldn't help but feel indescribably small.

Below the black sky, a barren wasteland stretched as far as the eye could see. The Forgotten Shore had changed, becoming almost unrecognizable… the Terror of the Spire, Nameless Sun, was dead, and the endless sea of crimson coral that had been born from her was gone as well, replaced by ashen dust.

The darkness shrouding the desolate expanse was absolute. But it was merely the absence of light, not the true darkness that dwelled in the abyss of the Underworld. Therefore, Sunny's gaze could pierce its veil without restraint.

The Forgotten Shore… had become a land of shadows.

His bloodless lips twisted into a pale smile.

«I'm back.» 

—— —— ——

It took him a few more days to descend from the Hollow Mountains and leave the dark slopes behind, finally setting foot on the Forgotten Shore again.

Surrounded by the sea of ashen dust and absolute silence, Sunny remained motionless for a while, gazing into the distance with a strange expression on his bruised face.

The lack of light, the lack of sound, the lack of life…

«How peaceful.»

It was a land of death.

He walked a few steps forward, and then staggered, falling to his knees. His hands drowned in the dust, and his breathing had become labored, hoarse whistles escaping from his mouth each time his chest rose and fell.

«Argh… aaahh…»

Sunny was suffocating.

It was not for the lack of air, but simply because both his mind and body were in turmoil. He was having a strange semblance of a panic attack, caused by the fact that there was no mist around him anymore.

There was no nothingness, and therefore, Sunny didn't have to struggle to remain existing anymore. He had grown so accustomed to that constant necessity, though, that its lack was like a powerful shock. Everything around him was so solid and immutable, so tactile and palpable… so something.

Everything was something. Wasn't that bizarre?

As it turned out, it was possible to experience a panic attack from the sense of relief. That feeling was so powerful that it debilitated Sunny completely, making him unable to think, move, or control himself. He remained on his knees for a few moments, and then sprawled in the dust.

«It's so calm…»

Very soon, he curled into a ball… and peacefully fell asleep.

—— —— ——

Sunny slept without dreams for several days. He was both surprised and concerned by how long his original body remained asleep, but judged that it deserved a little rest.

Or maybe a lot of it. Spending a year and a half in the Hollow Mountains was not for the faint of heart… in fact, it was pure madness. If Sunny had known how long and dreadful his journey would be, he would have never ventured into the mist.

Or maybe not. Maybe he would have still gone into the nothingness. After all, even though crossing the Hollow Mountains had been a nightmarish affair, it had also been… fun, in a perverse and morbid kind of way.

It was also quite fruitful, tempering his will and sharpening his skills.

Sunny was a Transcendent now, and so, his skills needed to become transcendent as well. In fact, he had been contemplating the concept of a transcendent battle art as of late…

In any case, his body needed to rest, so he let it sleep. However, sleeping in the dust was not too comfortable.

He manifested an avatar and summoned the Marvelous Mimic. Once the Shadow turned itself into a hut, the avatar carried his body inside and put it on the makeshift bed — which was nothing more than an elevated platform formed by the Mimic on his behalf.

Saint, Serpent, Fiend, and Nightmare guarded the hut, each augmented by one of the shadows. The avatar, meanwhile, made a fire and went about preparing some food.

By the time Sunny woke up, there was a real feast waiting for him on the table. He remained motionless for a while, then sighed and sat up, rubbing his eyes. The pillow and blanket he had manifested before slowly dissolved into shadows.

The avatar gestured to the food with a grin.

«Come eat. I have ten different types of monster meat for you to enjoy.»

Sunny was quite hungry, so he didn't waste any time.

Taking the first bite, he lingered for a few moments, and then asked somberly:

«Have we run out of salt?»

The avatar shrugged.

«You know we did.»

Sunny let out another sigh.

«What about coffee?»

The avatar looked at him with amusement.

«There's a bit left. Let's save it for a special occasion.»

Sunny did not need to ask himself these questions, of course, because he already knew all the answers. But, still… it was nicer to eat while enjoying a friendly conversation, even if he was talking to himself.

His retinue was great in many regards, but none of them were the talkative sort… in fact, the only one of who had ever spoken was Fiend, but that guy was better off keeping his mouth shut.

Finishing his breakfast, Sunny mounted Nightmare, dismissed the rest of the Shadows, as well as the avatar, and headed north.

The darkness took them in its welcoming embrace, and the ashen dust rose into the air, disturbed by the adamantine hooves of the tenebrous stallion.

—— —— ——

It was strange.

Sunny vividly remembered the long journey back to the Dark City that he and the members of the cohort had made after visiting the Hollow Mountains. Back then, it had been an endless battle for survival — the Crimson Labyrinth had been teeming with all kinds of vile Nightmare Creatures, and all those creatures had wanted to taste their blood.

But now, the Nightmare Creatures were gone, annihilated by the merciless sun.

The Crimson Labyrinth was gone, too, its demise caused by the destruction of the sun.

The coral maze had withered in the absence of its source, and crumbled into dust. Now, there was no one to lunge at Sunny from the darkness. There was nothing but death and desolation around him.

Silence and peace.

He rode the Nightmare north at a mild pace, not in a hurry to reach his destination. Rocking gently in the saddle, Sunny sipped water from the Endless Spring and looked around, his gaze full of placid curiosity.

«I think I recognize that place… no, do I?»

It was hard to orient himself in the sea of dust. There were a few landmarks that Sunny would have recognized, but he entered the Forgotten Shore in a different spot from where the cohort had gone. His route was entirely different, and he could have been hundreds, or even thousands of kilometers away from the places that the cohort had visited.

Well, it did not matter. If Sunny wanted to, he could spend the rest of his life here. He would find what he was searching for eventually.

No, actually, that was not quite right.

Since there were very few Nightmare Creatures on the Forgotten Shore now, if any, his supplies would run out eventually. So, his time was limited after all.

Sunny's laughter rang in the tranquil silence.

«Gods. Never thought I'd have such a problem…»

There were not enough abominations around! Such a travesty.

Wasn't that ironic?

Sunny traveled on horseback for a few days, then turned into a crow and flew into the boundless black sky. Drifting on the winds, he soared above the sea of ashen dust and made his way north while observing the desolate land for any familiar landmarks.

No monster lunged at him from the dust, or from the black abyss above. This land, which had become synonymous with dread and danger in his mind, was now strangely peaceful.

It seemed safer than even the waking world, let alone other regions of the Dream Realm.

Sunny opened his beak and let out a few piercing caws, laughing at the irony.

«It would be funny… if it wasn't so sad.»

…After flying above the barren wasteland for a few more days, he found what he was looking for.

The ruins of the Crimson Spire.




***
Chapter 1760: Ruins of the Crimson Spire.


***






The Crimson Spire, which had been a symbol of both oppression and salvation for the Sleepers of the Forgotten Shore, was no more. Sunny had witnessed the beginning of its destruction, all those years ago, but was sent away by Nephis before the cyclopean structure collapsed.

Looking at the mountain of shattered black stone that towered above the sea of dust like a titanic gravestone, he wondered how she had escaped the cataclysmic collapse. It must have been hard, to escape that disaster… 

It must have been even harder still to survive the long journey across the desolate Forgotten Shore, traverse the Nightmare Desert, enter the Underworld, and conquer the Second Nightmare. He had always known how hard it would have been for a mere Sleeper… but only after spending close to two years in solitude did Sunny realize how taxing it must have been on Nephis' mind.

Escaping the collapsing Spire had probably been the easiest of her ordeals.

…Sunny gazed upon the vast ruin from the sky, then plummeted down and turned into a human. Walking across the dust, he fell into a solemn mood.

Soon, something crunched under the boot of the Onyx Mantle. He hesitated for a moment, then kneeled and brushed the dust away.

Below it, a monstrous skull was revealed.

Sunny stared at it for a while, then rose and looked around. He could discern more bones on the ground around him, all covered by a thick layer of dust.

A quiet sigh escaped from his lips.

«It's here…»

He was on the edges of the battlefield where the Dreamer Army had fought against the horde of Nightmare Creatures.

There, in the distance, stood the broken remains of the siege engines that Kai had commanded. Not too far away, Effie had held the line against the flood of abominations, her soldiers dying one by one, until nobody was left. Behind that place was the spot where the Dreamer Army had made its last stand, the rising water already reaching their knees.

Sunny knew exactly how many Sleepers had come to siege the Crimson Spire. He also knew how many of them had survived.

So, it wasn't difficult to calculate how many human skulls lay here, buried in the ashen dust.

He remained silent for a while, and then said quietly:

«…Your nightmare is over.»

Sighing deeply, he continued on his way to the bridge that led to the island where the Spire had once stood.

The bridge itself had long collapsed, destroyed by the falling debris. Once upon a time, Sunny had used the Dark Wing and Saint's strength to breach the wide divide… today, however, he simply disappeared from the spot and appeared on the other side a moment later. All it took was a single step.

Clad in an onyx armor, with his raven-black hair dancing in the wind, Sunny walked across the rubble and then froze in place, a subtle expression of astonishment appearing on his alabaster face.

His eyes widened slightly.

«Well… this is a surprise.»

Out of there, in front of him… a stone colossus was kneeling on the ground, unmoving.

Sunny recognized him instantly. The weathered surface of the ancient stone, the small cracks and fissures where countless abominations had assaulted the giant since ancient time.

After wandering the Forgotten Shore for thousands of years, the statue of the Builder had finally come to a rest.

Of course, his head was still missing. The giant hammer that had once struck down the harrowing depth dweller lay in the rubble to the side, forgotten and abandoned. The colossus was still and motionless, its back turned to Sunny.

Inhaling deeply, he walked around the gargantuan statue and faced it.

For a while, there was only silence.

In front of the kneeling colossus, six stone heads lay in the rubble, staring blindly at the empty space where the gates of the Crimson Spire had once been. The Lord, the Priestess, the Hunter, the Slayer, the Knight, the Stranger…

The seventh head — the Builder's head gently in the statue's hands — was held gently in statue's hands.

The colossus did not show any sign of life, having found what he had been looking for all that time.

Sunny lingered for a bit, then shifted his gaze, looking within the stone giant. His mind was full of bright curiosity.

«What are you, really?»

After a while, a strange sound escaped from his lips.

«So that's how it is…»

The walking statue… was neither a living being nor a Nightmare Creature.

It had no soul.

Instead, seven Transcendent soul shards were hidden in its stone depths, connected by dimly glimmering essence channels.

…Soul shards, not cores.

The ancient colossus was an automaton… a great golem created by the Builder and brought to a semblance of life by sorcery. Sunny had no doubt that if he broke the statue apart, he would find a complicated weave of countless runes engraved into its hollow core and the expansive web of essence channels.

It was a crude creation, far less intricate than even the Echoes that the Spell weaved.

No wonder Saint had treated it with disdain.

She was a true living being, after all — first created from stone by the Demon of Choice, then brought back to life by a treacherous shadow. The wandering colossus, the Forsaken Knight of the ruined cathedral… they were no more than pale imitations. Their power might have been much greater than hers, but their nature was deeply and fundamentally inferior.

If Sunny was to guess, one of the seven heroes of the Forgotten Shore — the Stranger — must have been one of the Stone Saints, and had brought a small number of his soldiers with him to this dark land. The Builder must have been in awe of Nether's craftsmanship, and tried to recreate it clumsily.

The walking giant was the result.

By now, the seven soul shards placed in his stone body were almost entirely devoid of essence, shimmering dimly, one step away from being extinguished. Perhaps the colossus had been absorbing power from the artificial sun, and was left without a source of essence after the Crimson Terror was destroyed. Perhaps he had simply exhausted all his power and came to a natural end.

In any case, the headless statue would not be wandering the vast expanse of the Forgotten Shore ever again.

Sunny threw one last glance at it and turned away with a sigh.

«I'm glad you found what you were looking for.»

He walked away, then started climbing the rubble.

«Even the big guy is gone… ah, why does it make me feel sad? It's like… I barely recognize the place…»

The reason he had come to the ruins of the Crimson Spire was still there, though.

It was at the very heart of the mountains of crushed stone, at the bottom of a vast well. Sunny climbed down, being extremely careful not to fall — he did not trust the stability of the rubble and tested each foothold before lowering himself deeper into the darkness, and for a good reason.

At the bottom of the deep well… was a vast pool of black water. Its surface was perfectly still and flat, like that of a harrowing mirror made from pure darkness. Although the water was opaque and Sunny could see how far down it went, he felt as though it was unimaginably deep, reaching such depths that mere thought of light would be impossible there.

The Dark Sea.

As Sunny watched it in solemn silence, a subtle ripple spread across the surface of the imprisoned ocean of darkness. It was as though it was straining to spill over the edges of the pool and break free. However, the invisible powers that held it down were too mighty to overcome, even for this vast, boundless, inconceivable creature.

The seal he had activated still held, showing no sign of growing weaker.

Shifting his gaze, Sunny peered into the depths of the Dark Sea and let out a stifled chuckle.

It did not change.

All he could see was boundless, appalling darkness.

However, somewhere deep, deep below…

He seemed to have sensed the presence of seven abyssal nodes where the Corruption was even denser.

His suspicion had been right.

The Dark Sea of the Forgotten Shore was indeed a living being… a Great Titan.

Before, the mere thought of a Great Titan would have caused him to fall to his knees in terror, but after witnessing one dying miserably in the white mist, Sunny remained unmoved.

He even…

Felt a strange, daring compulsion to dive into the black waters.

Why not? He had bathed in them before. Back then, the Dark Sea paid him no attention… would it be different now that he was a Saint, possessing a Transcendent Soul that would be much more nourishing for a being such as this?

What would he find in the depths of the ancient sea of Corruption? What mysteries were hidden in the unfathomable black waters?

«Should I find out?»

The temptation was strong.

He reached toward the dark pool, tantalized by its lightless expanse.

But then, he stopped.

Sunny remained motionless for a while, struggling against the sense of dark wonder. Then, he slowly, laboriously, pulled his hand back.

«What the… hell am I doing?»

He wanted to dive into the Dark Sea. Back then, he was merely a Sleeper… a powerless, pathetic Dormant Beast. But now, he was a Transcendent Terror, and carried a cohort of fearsome Shadows in his soul. Although his mind was telling him to be cautious, his heart recklessly believed that he could survive the depths of the Great Titan… maybe he would even be able to destroy it.

Why not? What would he lose if he actually died in that vast darkness? There was nothing to lose…

Only there was, now. 

If he had reached the ruin of the Crimson Spire before promising to be Rain's teacher, Sunny might have risked it. But now, things were different. She might not have remembered him… but he remembered her.

He also remembered himself.

Shaking his head, Sunny took a step back.

«I am… such an idiot.»

It didn't even matter if he could survive in the embrace of the Dark Sea. What mattered more was that the Great Titan had been sealed by his own hand — and none of the Nightmare Creatures that dwelled in the black water were able to escape that seal.

So, if Sunny did dive into the black pool, he wouldn't be able to escape it, either.

Wouldn't it be funny, to be imprisoned by the seal he himself had put in place?

Smiling darkly, Sunny looked at the still water and sighed.

«If I ever become powerful enough to break the seal… maybe then, we'll meet again.»

The black pool rippled, as if acknowledging his promise.

…Suddenly unnerved, Sunny took another step back and silently dissolved into the shadows.




***
Chapter 1761: Old Haunts


***






In the past, it had taken the Dreamer Army many days of an arduous march to reach the Crimson Spire from the Dark City. Now, however, Sunny could traverse that distance in less than a minute.

He was not in a hurry to leave, though.

Leaving the towering mountain of rubble behind, he crossed the broken bridge and returned to the ashen wasteland. He remained motionless for a while, then sighed and leaned down to brush the dust off the old bones.

...In the end, it took him almost a week to find the remains of every Sleeper that had perished in the battle for the Crimson Spire. There were four hundred of them, after all, and he had to be careful not to damage the brittle bonds. So, it took some time.

He placed them together on the ground, and then used the jagged slabs of black stone from the ruins of the gargantuan tower to construct a stone barrow above the mass grave.

It was a little fitting, to lay these young men and women to rest under the broken remains of the Crimson Spire, which they had laid down their lives to conquer.

Sunny also collected the remains of every Nightmare Creature that had fallen in the battle, and piled them onto each other to the side of the barrow. The mountain of hideous bones towered above the stone grave, dwarfing it entirely in size... a poignant testament to how fearsome the Dreamers of the Dark City had been, and how valiantly they had fought.

He stood in front of the barrow for some time, and then sighed.

"We were tough bastards, weren't we? You guys... rest easy now. The others are doing well. Most of them still follow Nephis, but they are Masters now. The remaining Handmaidens will Ascend before too long, as well - Seishan is taking care of them. Oh, Effie and Kai are already Saints. There are a few independents like myself out there, too. We... we all escaped."

Sunny didn't know why he was saying that. His words rang hollow... he wasn't a big fan of speaking to the dead, to begin with. What was the point?

Shaking his head, he approached the barrow and carved a few runes into the surface of the black stone.

The runes read:

[Here lie those

Who extinguished the sun Dreamers of the Dark City

Sleep well

Your nightmare is over.]

Stepping back from the slab of black stone with a heavy heart, Sunny remained silent for a while, then sighed and turned away.

Walking across the sea of ashen dust, he summoned Nightmare and jumped into the saddle.

His voice sounded rough when he urged the stallion forward and said:

"...Let's get out of here."

***

A young man with alabaster skin and raven-black hair rode through the darkness on a tenebrous steed, his fearsome armor crafted from polished onyx. In front of him, a great wall of dark stone rose into the lightless sky, obscuring the world.

Sunny had reached the Dark City.

He hunched in the saddle, looking up at the towering wall. The city, which had been populated by dreadful abominations, was now peaceful and silent. He could not sense any movement on its ancient streets.

After lingering for a while, Sunny stepped through the shadows and appeared on top of the wall. Gazing down, he saw a familiar landscape.

In the distance, the twisted and misshapen ruins of the Bright Castle were covered in soot. The Sleepers had set flame to the ancient fortress before leaving, destroying that which had withstood the cruelty of time.

He could recognize many other landmarks, as well. The toppled lighthouse, the half-collapsed library where he had once learned the truth of the Forgotten Shore, the plaza where Saint and her siblings had once fallen, the ruined cathedral…

Even all these years later, Sunny remembered every ruined street of the Dark City where he had hunted. The places where he had ambushed abominations, the places where he had been ambushed by them. There were countless pieces of rubble here that had been wetted by his blood, and even more that he had painted with the blood of his enemies.

A Fallen Nightmare Creature had seemed like the end of the world back then. 

Smiling wryly, Sunny took a step into nothingness and jumped down from the great wall of the Dark City. The wind whistled in his ears for a few seconds, and then, he landed on the stone rubble. lіght~nоvel~cаve~c`о/m. The silence enveloping the ruins was momentarily broken by the thunderous boom of his landing.

The Terror of the Crimson Spire had annihilated most of the living beings on the Forgotten Shore to fuel her transformation into a Corrupted Titan. Everywhere the rays of the ruthless sun had reached, nothing but death remained.

But there were many dark places in the ancient city. The interiors of the ruined buildings, the catacombs, the lairs dug in the rubble... the sun could not reach there. More than that, the abominations populating the Dark City were much stronger than those in the Crimson Labyrinth. So, a few of them had to have survived the annihilation.

Sunny was calling them over, wishing to eradicate them all in one fell swoop.

...However, even after he had made so much noise, nothing moved in the ruins.

His shadow sense was enveloping the whole city, but Sunny could not feel any motion at all.

Puzzled, he brushed the dust off the Onyx Mantle and ventured into the maze of ruined streets.

Sunny spent the whole day exploring the Dark City. He wandered the ruins and reminisced about the past wistfully. Here, he had rescued Kai from the well... here, he had learned from Effie how to kill a Blood Fiend.

Here was the ditch where he had hidden himself after the Black Knight gutted him.

'How nostalgic.’

By the end of the day, Sunny knew why there were no Nightmare Creatures left in the Dark City.

There were a lot of hideous remains on the ruined streets... most of them showed no sign of having received a wound, since their souls had been annihilated by the Crimson Terror. But some bones had nicks and deep cracks on them, others were scorched by flame.

'...Nephis.’

She must have come here after escaping the Crimson Spire and hunted the remaining abominations down, one after another. To build another core and harvest their meat for the long journey ahead.

A faint smile twisted his lips.

'She's so thorough...'

With the mystery solved, he wandered the ruins some more and eventually made his way to the remains of the Bright Castle.

The ancient stronghold had collapsed, the white marble melted by the terrible heat of the white flames. He did not know why he wanted to see the scorched ruin... so many things had happened here, between the Castle's walls.

But now, it was all erased by the fire.

Just like him.

Chuckling, Sunny shook his head and wandered the remains of the outer settlement for a bit. He kicked stones and remembered the past, then stopped by the lodge where Nephis and Cassie had once lived. Now, it was empty and quiet. After visiting his old room, he left the outer settlement and descended back into the city.

Finally, Sunny reached the ruined cathedral.

He entered the majestic great hall, climbed over the toppled column that Saint had once dropped on the Black Knight, and gazed at the statue of the nameless goddess.

He studied her face for a while, then stepped through the shadows and appeared on the hidden balcony behind it. Soon, he entered a familiar chamber.

The living quarters of the young priestess were neat and tidy, just as he had left them.

The room was beautiful and spacious. The stone walls were engraved with intricate patterns, creating an atmosphere of sanctity and elegance.

The furniture was made out of pale polished wood, with several mismatched pieces that Sunny had scavenged from the Dark City once.

He was surrounded by a soothing darkness. The chamber had no windows, but there were light wells cunningly hidden here and there... the ingenious system of mirrors that was supposed to bathe the room in sunlight was long destroyed, though...

And so was the sun itself.

Sunny closed his eyes and inhaled deeply.

Then, he recalled the Onyx Mantle, walked over to the spacious bed, sprawled on it, and fell asleep with a satisfied smile.




***
Chapter 1762: Thus spoke Weaver.


***






Sleeping in his own bed felt really great. 

Sunny had had many beds throughout the years. He had one in his temporary room at the Academy, one in the bedroom of his house, the luxurious sleeping pod he had purchased after becoming an Awakened, a flimsy cot in the Sanctuary of Noctis, and even the wide sleeping shelf at the back of the Rhino, among others.

But out of all of them, this bed of pale polished wood, which had once belonged to the priestess of the ruined cathedral, held a special place in his heart.

Perhaps because this dark chamber was the first place he had considered home, and this bed was the first he had considered his.

Even though the time Sunny had spent living alone in the Dark City was one of the bleakest pages of his life, he remembered it with a special fondness.

Waking up pleasantly refreshed, he smiled, yawned, and climbed out of the bed.

Looking around the spacious chamber, Sunny remembered his days here. Things had been so simple back then...

He walked around for a while, briefly touching various pieces of furniture, and then stopped in front of a bare wall. There, countless scratches had been left by the tip of the Prowling Thorn, counting the days he had spent here.

Below them, the word "Sunless" was carved in the stone with two runes.

A sad smile appeared on Sunny's face.

Back then, he had wanted to leave proof of him having lived, struggled, and suffered in the Dark City on this stone wall. A mark of his existence.

Who knew that the mark he had left would become meaningless one day? His own actions made it so that nobody could remember him, even if he scratched his name into the stone a thousand times.

Sunny chuckled, then outstretched a hand and used his nail to leave one more scratch on the wall.

He had spent another day here, after all.

Then, he looked around, studying the interior of the dark chamber.

The thought of leaving it all behind once again made him sad.

But then...

Did he really have to leave it?

Slowly, a dark grin twisted his lips.

'Why don't I take it all with me? What a great idea!‘

He needed to decorate the Marvelous Mimic, anyway.

Summoning the Shadow, he commanded it to turn into an enormous wardrobe and opened its doors wide, paying no attention to the rows of terrifying fangs hidden behind them.

Inside was the cold darkness of the vast dimensional storage.

"Shall we start?"

Smiling happily, Sunny went about loading the beautiful furniture made of pale polished wood into the Mimic. The bedJ the desk, the intricate lectern...

He (lid n‘t even spare the garbs and vestments of the young priestess, which Effie had once mocked him about. These beautiful clothes were made from fine fabric and masterfully tailored... more than that, they had remained in pristine condition despite thousands of years of neglect. Sunny would be mad to leave behind something like that.

By the time he was done, the spacious chamber was entirely barren, as if robbed by an extremely greedy thief. The greedy thief in question, meanwhile, looked at the intricately engraved stone walls, feeling regretful that he couldn't take the engravings with him. Eventually, he sighed and shook his head.

Closing the doors of the Marvelous Mimic, he dismissed the Shadow and left the living quarters.

By the time Sunny returned to the great hall, the smile had disappeared from his face.

He glanced at the statue of the nameless goddess one more time.

The description of the Nameless Sun, the Memory Nephis had received after slaying the Terror of the Crimson Spire, surfaced in his mind.

[For a long time, the Nameless Sun suffered in solitude, longing for all the things that were lost. Only when she lost that longing, too, was the Crimson Terror of the Forgotten Shore finally born.]

...Wasn‘t he a bit like her?

Alone and forgotten, even his name erased from the world.

He was even a Terror, too.

If he survived long enough... would a day come when Sunny turned into a Nightmare Creature, as well? What was it that he had not lost yet that kept his soul from blooming with the flowers of Corruption?

As his gaze darkened, Sunny looked away from the statue and headed for the inner sanctum of the ruined cathedral.

Finding the hidden passage, he allowed it to take him to a winding staircase and descended underground. Deeper and deeper still, until he reached a large chamber carved into the bedrock.

There, a massive door forged from the same metal that the armor of the Black Knight had been forged from stood Open, and two strange torches burned on the wall.

Sunny hissed and shielded his eyes. After days spent in absolute darkness, the pale light of the ghostly torches seemed blinding.

Beyond the open door... was the solitary cell where he had found Weaver's Mask.

And the forbidden runes left on its floor by the corpse that had worn it.

Sunny had come to the Dark City to read these runes.

Taking a deep breath, Sunny steeled his heart and walked forward.

The first time around, he had left his shadows behind, concerned that the light of the strange torches would harm them. But now, he knew that the underground cell was designed to keep someone in, not prevent others from coming inside. The runic circle had long been broken, anyway, and the sorcery protecting this place did not function anymore.

Entering the cell, Sunny studied his surroundings for a few moments... not that there was a lot to study. There was only the broken runic circle, the dust that the mysterious corpse had turned into, and the words left on the floor.

Sunny smiled darkly, then turned his attention to the forbidden runes he had not been able to read before.

These ones were different from the script Nether had used, and much easier to translate. However, when Sunny read them, his expression darkened.

'What?‘

He didn‘t quite understand...

The runes read:

[Thus spoke Weaver

"They will open the Gates"

And they did

Calling forth doom and destruction upon us

Now, in the ruins

Gods lay dead

And the daemons have fallen

The Forgotten One comes

Wide awake

To consume them].

The rest were ineligible.

Sunny shivered.

'No, wait...‘

What did it mean? They had opened the Gates? Who had opened them, and which Gates? Not... not the Gates of the Void, surely?

That was impossible. If the Gates had already been opened, and the Forgotten God had already escaped from the Void, wide awake, then there would have been no existence left. Everything would have been consumed by Corruption.

But it wasn't... yet. Which meant that he was still asleep, seeing nightmares.

And yet, the runes clearly stated that someone had indeed unleashed the God of Corruption. Not only that, but Weaver had even foretold that they would.

'Gods lay dead, and the daemons have fallen...‘

Was that the answer to the question that had been tormenting Sunny? The question of who had won the Doom War?

According to these runes...

No one had? Both sides had been annihilated?

How could that be?

Had it been mutual destruction, or had someone killed them all? If neither side had won, then who had?

Suddenly, a chill ran down Sunny's spine. 

He looked down, at the familiar string of runes written in a different script from the rest of them.

"Hail Weaver, Demon of Fate. Firstborn of the Forgotten God."

He suddenly had an ominous feeling.

Everyone assumed that there had been two sides in the war between the gods and the daemons... but was that really true? After all, there had been one deity that had refused to participate, standing in opposition to both the gods and the daemons.

The Demon of Fate.

So, if both sides had been annihilated... then wouldn't it mean that there was only Weaver left?

Sunny suddenly remembered the description of Bone Weave...

[When children of the Forgotten God rebelled against the gods, Weaver was the only one to refuse the call of war. Despised and hunted by both sides, they disappeared. No one knew where Weaver went and what they did... until it was too late.]

Until it was too late.

Unnerved, Sunny took a deep breath.

'...What the hell did Weaver do?’




***
Chapter 1763: Sea of Dust.


***






Sunny left the underground cell in a complicated mood. To be honest... he was a little rattled.

'Weaver said... that they would open the Gates.'

Who were the "they" Weaver had spoken about?

The gods? The daemons? Or someone else entirely?

There was one thing that made Sunny restless. it was the fact that no one knew who Weaver was, so the nebulous daemon was never referred to as "he" or "she". Instead, the Spell used the neutral "they" to describe the Demon of Fate.

So... had it been Weaver who unsealed the Void, perhaps?

That did not make a lot of sense, though, since the runes described something that the elusive daemon had said. So, it would have been "I will open the Gates", not "they will"... unless Weaver had had a habit of referring to themselves in the third person.

There was the issue of the runic language itself, as well, which did not necessarily follow the same pronounce conventions as the human language did. The runes written by the prisoner of the ruined cathedral did not hint that Weaver had been speaking about themselves.

But still, still...

'Until it was too late.‘

What did the description of Bone Weave mean, exactly?

If Sunny knew one thing... it was that Weaver had been the most frightening of deities, despite not being the most powerful. He did not trust the devious Demon of Fate one bit. Shaking his head, he walked over to the stone stairs, but then halted and remained motionless for a while.

Walking back, he stopped in front of the cell once more.

Summoning the Covetous Coffer, Sunny violently tore the massive steel door off its hinges and tossed it into the wardrobe‘s terrifying maw. Then, he pulled one of the torches from its slot and carried it away, seemingly unperturbed by the ghostly flame.

A person who had been tossed away by the world had to be practical.

Why leave good things behind?

****

Sunny spent a few more days in the Dark City, exploring the ruins curiously. Before, he had been limited in where he could go and what he could see — there had been Nightmare Creatures everywhere, and his power had been woefully insufficient to walk around freely.

But now, Sunny was powerful enough to cleanse the entire Dark City in a matter of hours. Sadly, all the abominations he had not been able to hunt down were already dead, slain either by the Crimson Terror or Nephis.

Still, he could at least explore all the places he had wanted to visit. There wasn't much important information left to be found here, but there were plenty of things he could learn that would be only interesting to a researcher like him.

The rituals, the mundane details of everyday life, the culture... stuff like that. By the end of it, Sunny collected many pieces of information that would have made the Exploration Report on the Forgotten Shore more comprehensive. Sadly, all of them would have had to be placed in the "Not Related to Combat" addendum, which most Awakened never bothered to read.

"Barbarians..."

Finishing his business in the ruins, he left them behind. Next, Sunny started on the long tour of the remaining six statues of the heroes of the Forgotten Shore.

He visited the Priestess first, since she was just outside the walls of the city. Sunny climbed onto her hand and sat there for a while, remembering the day he had reached the Dark City with Nephis and Cassie.

He had been... barely seventeen back then, knowing nothing of the world. He had just learned that there was more to life than bitter survival.

Sunny watched the black sky for a while, feeling regret that the sun of the Forgotten Shore was gone for the first time. He would never see it rise again from the palm of the Priestess again.

Eventually, he wrapped himself in shadows and jumped down, gliding on dark wings to the distant ground.

Next was the statue of the Hunter, where the cohort had once burned the nest of the Iron Spiders. Sunny visited the giant arch of white marble on top of which they had rested and played games on the way, as well as climbed to the bottom of the canyon from where the Builder's statue had emerged.

Strangely enough, that rest stop on the white arch etched itself in his memories most vividly. Sunny felt remorse for never taking the members of the cohort to a real beach... now, it was too late. He would never have such an opportunity again.

Were there even real beaches left in the waking world? There had to be. Rich folk loved their leisure.

After that, he circled the distant city from the west and reached the monument of the Lord. That one, he had seen while marching with the Dreamer Army to the Crimson Spire. Sunny did not have any particular memories about this statue, but it was still quite significant.

That was because, if he was correct, the First Lord of the Bright Castle had once defeated a powerful abomination here, receiving the Dawn Shard as a reward. That Memory, altered by Sunny, was still one of the most powerful tools in Neph‘s arsenal.

It was the very reason why they had managed to escape the Forgotten Shore... a piece of precious inheritance they received from those who had fought against this cursed place before them.

Sunny bowed to the statue of the Lord and continued on his journey

After spending some time exploring the vicinity of the stone colossus, Sunny moved on and found the statue of the Slayer some days later. This one, he had never seen — Nephis, Cassie, and Effie had formed an expedition to acquire a Shard Memory here while he was living alone in the Dark City.

'What a pity.'

Sunny felt a bit regretful about not participating in that expedition. As a shadow user, he felt a special affinity for the Slayer, who had been a stealthy assassin. Her stiletto had served Sunny well before being destroyed when he lost the connection to the Nightmare Spell. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. It was thanks to its ghostly blade that he had defeated Harris, the monstrous servant of the Bright Lord.

Funnily enough, this place was also where Cassie had earned the Quiet Dancer. Sunny had never learned what kind of bizarre Nightmare Creature could leave such a strange Echo behind... was it really a sentient rapier? If so, the battle must have been quite a tough one. After exploring the vicinity of the statue, Sunny had indeed found countless broken blades buried in the dust. He could imagine the monument to the Slayer being surrounded by a vast sword grave...

By then, there were only two statues left on his list.

The unfinished statue of the Stranger was far to the south, on the precipice of the Underworld. Sunny hesitated for a while, but eventually decided to skip that one.

He did not want to go anywhere near the Hollow Mountains anytime soon — or, preferably, ever.

That only left the statue of the Knight.

...Which, ironically, was where he had spent his first night on the Forgotten Shore. Smiling faintly, Sunny summoned Nightmare and sent the dark destrier over the edge of the colossal crater.

He had crossed the crater on a makeshift boat made from demon bones the last time around. This time, the Dark Sea was gone, and the terrible wound left on the Forgotten Shore by the fall of the radiant being could be traversed on foot.

Sunny was curious to see what was hidden at its bottom, so he took his time exploring it at a leisurely pace.

He had found many hideous bones, but nothing that ignited his interest. Closer to the center of the crater, the ground had turned into black glass, and at its very heart, a round hole led into the depths of the earth. That must have been where the Dark Sea had come from at night, and where it had retreated to at dawn.

He stared into the darkness for a while.

'There must be several cavernous hollows below the Forgotten Shore, right? All that water had to go somewhere. Unless it spilled directly into some other hellish realm.'

If there were such a hollow, the entrance to one of them would be right in front of him. And with the Dark Sea gone, it would be empty. The idea of climbing down and spending a few months exploring the underground caverns seemed rather attractive... what kind of derelicts would he find there?

But eventually, Sunny decided against it.

He was sure that the great cavern, if it truly existed... would be incredibly dirty.

Plus, he had already been wandering the Forgotten Shore for a while. Visiting the statues was taking longer than Sunny had expected, mostly because he was taking his sweet time and exploring many interesting places on the way.

Now that the labyrinth of crimson coral was gone, many things had been revealed from beneath it. Old ruins, ancient bones... all too damaged to provide him with any useful knowledge, but still fascinating.

In any case, a lot of time had passed. His birthday was... when was it?

Sunny counted the months and realized that it was almost upon him. He had celebrated the previous one sometime during the hellish track over the Hollow Mountains, so he did not want to celebrate another one in a musty cave.

And... he had an appointment.

Looking east, Sunny smiled darkly.

There was a reason he had carried a creepy torch with him all the way from the Dark City...

He had a promise to keep, and a debt to repay.




***
Chapter 1764: Never be afraid again.


***






A long time ago... Sunny had made a promise to himself. A promise to come back and destroy the Soul Devouring Tree one day.

Now, many years later, he was here to fulfill that promise.

He had been descending into the colossal crater for a while, but now that its heart was behind him, the ground was slowly starting to slope upward. Sunny rode Nightmare with a cold expression on his face, holding the ghostly torch in his hand.

The light of the eerie flame reflected from the polished surface of his armor and danced wildly in his onyx eyes.

It took some time to traverse the crater, but eventually, Sunny saw it.

The branches of a great tree covering the black sky.

A faint smile appeared on his lips.

'It lives.‘

He had a feeling that it would.

Sunny... had changed greatly since leaving the Ashen Barrow.

The Soul Devourer had changed, as well.

The insidious fiend had already been enormous back then, but now, it had grown even taller, reaching into the black sky with its obsidian branches.

This tree towered above the sea of ashen dust like a majestic mountain. Its bark was as black as the lightless sky, while its leaves were as red as blood... of course, Sunny could not really see color in the darkness. But he remembered their crimson splendor vividly. The crimson crown of the magnificent tree had used to cover the Ashen Barrow in its shade, but it was much richer and more expansive now, reaching far into the crater.

'That thing... has evolved.‘

Sunny sighed.

It was understandable. Since the Soul Devourer had managed to survive the rays or the annihilating sun, it would have been left with no competitor on the Forgotten Shore. The Crimson Terror was gone, and so was the Dark Sea. The other powerful abominations, like the Lord of the Dead, had been slain by the Sleepers of the Dark City.

The insidious fiend growing on the Ashen Barrow would have used the vacuum to enhance its power.

Sunny shifted his gaze, looking beneath the obsidian bark.

Then, a sad chuckle escaped from his lips.

'A Fallen Terror...‘

He was more or less sure that the Soul Devourer had been an Awakened Terror before. It seemed to have risen to a higher Rank... or rather, fell to a lower one? Sunny wasn't sure what the correct wording would be for a Nightmare Creature.

He did feel a certain sense of... disappointment, though.

He had been so terrified of that thing once. But now, it seemed so weak, and insignificant.

Dismissing Nightmare, Sunny landed on the ground, then walked up the slope of the crater. The ghostly light of the torch illuminated his way.

From the Ashen Barrow, he must have looked like a small mote of light in the ocean of darkness... drawing closer and closer, growing brighter, and more chilling.

Sunny might have been illuminated by the pale flame, but his presence drowned the area in deathly cold. Outside the small circle of light, the absolute darkness seemed to become even deeper, darker, and more impenetrable.

inescapable.

He heard the leaves of the magnificent tree rustle in the wind, their murmur seemingly anxious.

It was as though the rustling leaves were saying:

"Stay away! Don't come closer!"

Untouched by their alarm, Sunny stepped through the shadows and appeared on the Ashen Barrow.

Instantly, he felt an insidious influence trying to subtly twist his mind.

The tree was beautiful... the tree was generous... the tree was kind.

It was weak and benevolent, and its fruits were sweet.

'Huh...‘

The fruits of the Soul Tree were indeed sweet. More importantly, they were quite useful... each contained a shadow fragment for Sunny to consume, after all. Best of all, the ancient fiend could grow them indefinitely.

Perhaps he should collect the fruits and keep the Soul Tree intact. Otherwise, there would never be another harvest...

Sunny smiled subtly and shook off the mental hex. It was too easy to do.

He had been a mere Sleeper the last time. But now, he was a Transcendent Terror. The Onyx Mantle was augmented by five shadows, and the measure of protection against mental attack it provided him with could not even be compared to that of the Puppeteer's Shroud.

Resisting the manipulation of the Soul Devourer was quite trivial.

Its attempts to save itself... were a bit pitiful, really.

As soon as Sunny shrugged off the hex, the leaves rustled again, this time full of panic. He sensed movement all around him.

Hideous figures rose from the ash... one, two, three... a hundred. Nightmare Creatures — new thralls to replace Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie, who in turn had replaced the Carapace Demon.

The Soul Devourer needed someone to protect it. The abominable tree must have worked hard, luring so many of the Nightmare Creatures that had survived the annihilating sun under its branches. Sunny would not have been surprised if these were all of them, really — every single creature that had avoided being consumed by the Crimson Terror, either through strength or by luck.

Nephis must have avoided this place because she had no means of protecting herself against the hex back then.

But what could all these abominations do to Sunny? Most of them had come from the coral labyrinth, and were therefore merely Awakened. There were a few Fallen creatures among them, but none of a high enough Class.

This time, it was his turn to be the horror. 

This time, it was Sunny who was terrifying, inevitable, and full of murderous frenzy. ...The shadows stirred, and a hundred inky-black hands rose from the darkness. They grabbed onto the thralls, onyx claws sinking into their flesh. The next moment, the air was filled with the smell of blood. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. The massacre was harrowing and thorough, the silence broken by howls of agony and the revolting sound of flesh being torn apart.

Sunny walked through the mayhem calmly, not even sparing the dying abominations a glance.

Soon, he reached the trunk of the Soul Devourer.

The leaves were rustling, and the branches were swaying, their sound full of desperate fear.

He placed one hand on the obsidian bark and closed his eyes for a moment.

Then, Sunny poured his essence into the eerie torch. Opening his eyes, Sunny sighed... and set the magnificent tree aflanie.

'You really chose the wrong person to enthrall...‘

Then, he walked back to watch it burn.

The view was breathtaking.

Bright flames were climbing the towering trunk. The obsidian bark cracked, blooming with smoldering embers. Soon, the fire reached the leaves and exploded, spreading across the swaying crown of the Soul Devourer with tremendous speed.

When that happened, the darkness shrouding the Forgotten Shore was dispelled by the colossal ball of flame burning above it.

There was a cacophony of sounds. The roaring of the fire, the hiss of leaves being turned to ash, the cracking of dying wood- All of them fused into a chilling litany of pain, as if ten thousand souls were shrieking at the sky in agony.

It was... incredibly disturbing.

Sunny almost felt as if he was really hearing the ancient tree scream.

...It screamed for a long, long time.

The Soul Devourer was huge, so it took a while for it to burn down. The beautiful crimson leaves had turned to ash. The branches did, too, falling down in a whirlwind of sparks. The delectable, juicy fruits were ruthlessly incinerated.

The trunk had taken a few days to die, but it eventually turned into a scorched, broken, hollow husk.

But it was only when the roots died that Sunny felt... nothing.

He didn‘t feel anything at all. He was of a higher Rank than the Soul Devourer now, and so, killing the insidious fiend did not even give him a single shadow fragment.

A few days later, Sunny was still sitting on the ground, looking at the smoldering remains of the great tree. He could feel that the creature was dead.

He thought that exacting his revenge on the Soul Devourer would bring him joy, but it didn't. If anything, Sunny felt... sad.

Such a death was... almost humiliating. it was unworthy of the creature that had haunted his nightmares for so long. He never wanted to humiliate an enemy that had earned his respect.

'When have I become so strong?‘

He wasn't sure.

He wasn‘t that strong, either... but he did outpace most of the things in two worlds, as far as the acquisition of power was concerned.

Finally, Sunny stood up, summoned the Endless Spring, and washed the ash off his face. The Soul Devourer was no more, and so...

'That is done. Now what?"

There. He had kept his promise.

Somewhere in Ravenheart, the sun was rising.

Which meant that Sunny was twenty-four now.

It was his birthday.

Sunny stared at the ghostly torch, which looked like it was on its last leg.

With a sigh, he walked around and collected a few pieces of charred wood. Then, he used the last of the eerie flame to make a fire.

Summoning the Marvelous Mimic, he pulled an alloy pot from its maw, as well as a tin can. The tin can contained his last spoonful of coffee powder.

Pouring the coffee into the pot, he filled it with water from the Endless Spring and placed it on the fire. A few moments later, a delicious smell spread in the air.

Sunny summoned the Shadow Chair, sat on it, and waited for the coffee to be ready. Then, he brought the pot to his face and inhaled the fragrant aroma.

"Ah…"

He remained silent for a while, and then smiled.

"Happy birthday to me."

Relaxing in an opulent chair that stood on top of a tall hill, surrounded by boundless darkness, Sunny sipped his coffee and enjoyed the view of fiery sparks dancing in the boundless black sky.




***
Chapter 1765: The three of them.


***






The last memory Cassie saw was of the mad Saint climbing the statue of the Knight. She knew that he could have reached the top in one step, or turned into a crow to fly there — but, for some reason, the Lord of Shadow chose to climb the great height of the beheaded colossus like a mundane human, one handhold at a time.

In the end, he sprawled on the severed neck of the statue and stared at the black sky with a detached expression on his pale, handsome face.

…That was where the memory ended, this time. 

It was… almost too much for her to handle, making Cassie feel dizzy.

Reading someone's memories wasn't like reading a book or watching a video. She perceived things the way people remembered them — a chaotic mixture of images, sounds, smells, sensations, thoughts, and emotions. More than that, memories were often unreliable, and tended to twist the truth a lot.

There was no solid concept of time in the memories of most people, either. It was warped and twisted in accordance with how significant the event had been for them… or sometimes for no reason at all. A single minute could span an eternity, while entire years could leave close to no trace in a person's memory.

Usually, if Cassie wanted to uncover the truth, she had to gently… or not so gently… lead the man or woman looking into her eyes toward it. Very few people were truly in control of their memories, after all, so she had to guide them patiently. Often, they themselves were surprised to remember the details of certain events in their lives.

It had taken her a long time to teach herself how to navigate human memories. Eventually, though, Cassie had become a master of perceiving them.

But her hands were tied with the Lord of Shadows, because he was the one choosing what to show her.

His memory was incredibly sharp, but the way he perceived the world and remembered things was entirely too strange. On top of that, Cassie's own memory was incapable of retaining many of the things he remembered feeling, witnessing, or thinking about.

It was a proper mess.

But, still…

She managed to learn a lot from what he had shown her today.

Cassie looked at the Lord of Shadow with a complicated expression.

At first, he had shown her the Ivory Island. Knowing that he had been anchored there as a Master was already a precious piece of knowledge. She knew that he had not been a Fire Keeper from his service in the First Evacuation Army, so combining these two facts sent Cassie's mind into overdrive, countless theories spawning at it each moment.

What had been his connection to her and Nephis?

Soon, however, she couldn't help but pause as a cold shiver ran down her spine.

That was because she saw herself in his memories. The mysterious man had been so close… he could have reached out of the shadows and put his hand on her shoulder.

…Or drive a knife through her heart. And she had not sensed anything.

That was both an eerie and frightening thing to learn.

«He was right there, in my shadow…»

She paled.

The Lord of Shadows had come to the Ebony Tower to study the runes left behind by the Demon of Choice. Cassie had read them, as well.

Very few people in the world were capable of knowing the truth of what was written on the walls of the Ebony Tower — few enough that they could be counted on one hand, perhaps. And the Lord of Shadows, it seemed, was one of them.

Shadow God was the God of Mysteries as well, after all. So, in a sense, it was only fitting for the Saint of Shadow to be privy to the forbidden knowledge about the Forgotten God.

Had Cassie herself taught him the truth? Or…

Was she the one who had been taught by him?

The memories that followed were like a feverish nightmare, The mists of the Hollow Mountains… was hard to pierce, even with her power. The long months the Lord of Shadow had spent challenging the impregnable mountain chain were like a blur not only because he didn't concentrate on these memories, but also because he had worn that strange mask of his for most of the journey.

As long as the mask one resembling those worn by the priests of the Nightmare Spell was summoned, Cassie could not see anything in the forgotten man's memories.

But it was while watching these memories that she finally noticed that there was something strange about the Lord of Shadows. The inconsistencies had piled up until Cassie realized in shock…

«He is not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell.»

She was rattled.

How could that be? Something like that was impossible… for a human of the waking world, at least.

And yet, she couldn't deny it.

There was no voice of the Spell in the memories of the Lord of Shadows. No shimmering runes, no new Memories and Echoes. There were other clues, as well, but the most undeniable of them was the fact that he had spent close to a year learning how to enter his Soul Sea.

All carriers of the Spell could do it from before becoming an Awakened. And yet, one of the most powerful Transcendents in the world had not been able to.

Her eyes widened when the realization hit her.

Cassie lingered for a while, then looked at the Shadow Saint with a mournful expression.

«…Is it because he has been forgotten by the Spell, as well?»

How lonely and painful would it be, to be erased completely from the world?

She didn't need to guess. After all… she could experience his anguish personally, by looking at his memories.

Cassie's lips quivered.

No wonder he had been in such a disturbed state back then… was still?

Eventually, she was distracted from her thoughts by a stunning sight.

Her heartbeat suddenly turned erratic.

Cassie took a shallow breath.

«The… the Forgotten Shore…»

Indeed. The madman had actually crossed the Hollow Mountains — something that most humans considered utterly impossible.

And on the other side, a forlorn land lay shrouded in darkness, both familiar and unfamiliar.

There was a storm of emotions raging in Cassie's heart. But, more importantly… she focused her mind completely on these dark memories, knowing that they would hold the key to the secret of where the Lord of Shadows had come from, and how closely tied he was to her and Nephis.

«Outer Settlement hunter? One of Gunlaug's lieutenants? Maybe… maybe even a Sleeper from the same year as us and Caster?»

She peered into his memories tensely, fighting against the inescapable forgetfulness as hard as she could.

Cassie shivered when he saw the ruins of the Crimson Spire.

She cried when the Lord of Shadows built a grave for the fallen of the Dreamer Army.

She smiled sadly when he explored the molten ruins of the Bright Castle.

She was curious to see the runes for “Sunless” carved into the wall of the ruined cathedral.

«Is that actually his real name?»

Whose name? What had she been thinking about?

She was shocked when he descended into the secret cell under the cathedral and read the ominous words written on its floor.

«Weaver…»

When the Lord of Shadows started his tour of the giant statues, Cassie was finally illuminated.

«That arch… he was actually with us during the expedition to reclaim the Dawn Shard!»

So their connection had been that deep…

But it was only at the very end that Cassie's eyes widened, and she gasped in shock.

The memory of the Soul Devouring Tree burning was incredibly vivid.

Her entire body trembled.

«From… the beginning… he was with us from the very beginning…»

The Lord of Shadows was not a hunter from the outer settlement. He wasn't from the Bright Castle, either. He wasn't even just a Sleeper from the same year as them.

He was someone who had accompanied Cassie and Nephis from their very first steps on the Forgotten Shore.

The two of them… had been the three of them, all along.

It was just that they had forgotten.

Suddenly, Cassie felt a sharp pain pierce her heart.

She felt as though… as though something so precious that it couldn't be described with words had been taken from her.

And with that, Cassie finally closed her eyes, breaking the contact between her and the Lord of Shadows… with Sunless.

Sunny. 

There were so many details in the avalanche of memories he had shown her, so many hints and clues… it would take her weeks to slowly digest and contemplate all of them, then build her knowledge based on the new understanding.

But right now, Cassie did not care to do so, and was incapable of doing so either.

All she cared about…

Was the feeling of loss, the bittersweet emptiness, and the faint hope of finding what they had lost once again.




***
Chapter 1766: Busy body.


***






Sunny returned to the Brilliant Emporium as the sun was rising above the eastern horizon. If someone had seen him coming back home at the break of dawn, they would have probably assumed that he had spent the night elsewhere… and with someone else, engaging in revelry.

Of course, being mistaken for a philanderer would have been the least of his problems — many people already considered him a lecher, anyway. It was better to be seen as a profligate than as someone who had a habit of sneaking into the forbidden parts of the royal castle at night.

«Now, wait… what does it sound so wrong?» 

In any case, his goodbyes with Cassie had felt a little hurried. She had seemed to be a little dazed and a little rattled, acting strangely around him… well, it was not surprising. Sunny doubted that she had expected him to dump two years worth of memories into her head in the span of a few hours.

But he had no other choice… initially, Sunny had wanted to share his memories with Cassie little by little. But the war was approaching faster than he had expected, and so, he needed her to trust him sooner.

Cassie was smart. With what she had shown her this time, she would be able to figure out many things. Most importantly, she would understand that he had been a companion to her and Nephis for a very, very long time.

Even if their relationship had been turbulent and rocky for most of that time…

Knowing that, she would lower her guard around him more. She would also advise Nephis to trust him better.

Well, and…

The things Sunny, as the humble shopkeeper, might do in the future would not look as outrageous. Which wasn't to say that he was planning on doing something outrageous, of course! But he had also not planned on participating in scandalous duels and being publicly embraced by Nephis because of a candy wrapper, so…

Things just sort of happened when Sunny was around her. He could put a leash on his emotions and control himself better, but… he didn't want to.

«Ah, so many things to do…»

Entering the Brilliant Emporium, Sunny yawned, stumbled sleepily to his bed — the very same bed he had taken from the hidden chamber of the ruined cathedral — fell on it, and closed his eyes blissfully.

At the same time, his avatar in the basement of the Marvelous Mimic looked up in disbelief.

«No way.»

They had so many things to do, and the original body decided to just go to sleep?!

Sunny couldn't believe himself.

Shaking his head, he sighed and continued pouring over his notes.

There was indeed a lot to do.

He was preparing Memories for Rain, developing a design of the soul sword for Nephis… oh, and by the way, today was the day they were supposed to go on an outing to feed the rumors.

As if he was not suffering enough from the rumors already…

Despite that, Sunny was looking forward to their date. Even if it was a fake one.

Before that, however…

He still had to work on the design of the sword.

Creating a soulbound weapon was a vexing task.

There were three parts to it, each presenting its own set of problems.

The first problem was perhaps the simplest to solve, which was not to say the easiest. It was the forging of the sword.

To forge a good sword, Sunny needed good materials. Usually, he would have just gone with the most potent ones at his disposal — those harvested from Great abominations would be ideal. He also needed a set of powerful soul shards, but there were plenty of those.

Of course, the higher the Rank of the material, the harder it was to process it. That was why Sunny did not seriously consider using materials harvested from Cursed beings… even if he managed to get something like that, his own power was insufficient to forge it.

Regardless, the situation was entirely different this time around.

What he wanted to create was a soulbound weapon, so there was no point in making its Rank higher than Nephis' own. Actually, it was impossible since she was a Saint, the sword would inevitably become a Transcendent one. Therefore, using stronger materials would only waste them.

Whatever material Sunny did use would be refined into a greater version of itself by the flames of Changing Star's soul as he walked the path of Ascension. Really, there was no one better suited to wield a soulbound weapon than her since its power would depend on the power of her soul, and her soul was bolstered by the radiant lineage of Sun God.

So, what Sunny needed was not the strongest material. What he needed was the material with the highest affinity to Nephis and her Aspect. Her weapons and armor had a tendency to melt when she went all out so, he needed something that would never melt. Something that would channel her immolating power to the fullest extent, as well.

Sunny was pretty sure that he already had the main ingredient at hand.

He looked at a certain spot in the material storage of the Brilliant Emporium. Just by looking there, Sunny felt cold.

What he was staring at… were the shards of the mystical ice that had once been the heart of the Winter Beast. It seemed a little odd, using ice to channel fire but Sunny believed that there was no better material for Nephis' sword.

The only point he was still considering had to do with purity. Was it better to simply use the mystical ice, or create an alloy on its base? A lot of experimentation was needed to answer that question. He had been experimenting for a while now, and would continue to do so for some time.

The second problem he had to solve was the soul binding. That one… was truly vexing. Sunny remembered the weave of the Mantle of the Underworld well, and had come a long way in learning its secrets. He had reached a point where he could theoretically recreate most of its enchantments… except for the one he needed to master the most, the [Prince of the Underworld].

That one had been simply too odd. Back then, in order to fulfill its requirements, Sunny had had to defeat thousands of opponents. The strangest part was that he had not needed to kill them… just defeat them. How did that work? How could a weapon grow stronger from such an abstract thing? There were no soul fragments involved, no absorption of essence.

Was the counter of the [Prince of the Underworld] the means of soul binding, or simply a restriction placed on the onyx armor by its creator? Sunny wasn't sure. All he knew was that once he had filled it, a new enchantment of the Mantle was unlocked the [Soulbound Relic].

Activating that enchantment had turned the Mantle of the Underworld from a Memory to an Attribute.

Could he simply recreate the [Soulbound Relic] enchantment? Or was fulfilling the demands of the [Prince of the Underworld] enchantment an integral part of the process?

Recreating either of the enchantments was a titanic task, and Sunny wasn't even sure that what he wanted to achieve would happen on the first try. Once again, more experimentation was needed.

It was to the point that he was considering temporarily manifesting more avatars to keep working on all these tasks.

The third problem, meanwhile, was not as elaborate, but also the most expansive of the three.

It was deciding on what other enchantments he wanted to include, and constructing the map of the weave according to the selection.

Sunny had a lot to select from.

Firstly, he was determined to finally accomplish something that he had been trying to do for a long time recreate the [Unseen] enchantment of the Moonlight Shard, which allowed the ghostly stiletto to appear instantly in his hand, without any delay between the summoning and the manifestation.

There would need to be an enchantment that augmented the resilience and lethality of the soul blade, as well.

Beyond that, however…

There was too much to choose from.

The [Shapeshifter], [Light Eater], and [Ghost Blade] enchantments of the Cruel Sight. The [Death Dealer] enchantment of Morgan's Warbow. The [Burning Heart] and [Cold Steel] enchantments of the Patient Avenger… and so much more.

Worse still, Sunny felt that simply recreating past enchantments was not enough for the soulbound sword he was going to forge for Nephis. That sword would be a watershed moment in his development as a sorcerer, without a doubt, as well as the mold for the future Memories Sunny would craft for himself.

So, wouldn't it only be suitable for him to fully take a step forward and design unique enchantments of his own?

There was a lot to consider.

…It was a little premature to be considering these things, however, because Sunny had not been coy when he made the deal with Nephis. He really needed to learn how she fought these days to be able to tailor a perfect weapon for her. He had to observe her battle art her true battle art, not the facsimile she had designed to fool the members of the Great Clan Valor.

And there was so little time left before the war.

Suddenly somber, Sunny looked around the Brilliant Emporium.

The Sword Domain had barely had four years of peace after the disastrous Chain of Nightmares. People were just starting to settle into their new lives, working together to help their kingdom develop… but soon, everything would descend into chaos once again.

What would happen to his shop then?

Would he even be able to keep it open? The restaurant side of the business would suffer the most, no doubt. With a war going on, people would not be in the mood to enjoy delicacies, and neither would they have spare coins to spend. Getting supplies would become a problem, and small private establishments like his would certainly be at the end of the line.

The Memory Boutique would not fare well, either.

Sunny sighed.

«Well, the war has not started yet. There's still time.»

And speaking of time…

He opened his eyes and reluctantly rolled out of bed.

Sunny had not quite gotten his beauty sleep yet, but there was no time to waste. He had to get ready.

The morning was in full swing, which meant that Nephis would be arriving soon.

It was time for their date.

«…Fake date.» 

So what? He was excited.




***
Chapter 1767: Restless mind.


***






The first customers arrived, and the avatar got busy in the kitchen. Sunny, however, remained on the porch, enjoying the fresh air with a leisurely smile on his lips. The lively noises of the city filled the air like a bright melody.

At some point, the door opened, and Aiko walked out, dressed in a smart business suit and wearing a leather messenger bag over her shoulder. The petite girl yawned, stretched her arms, and mumbled:

"I'm off to the Castle, boss."

Sunny looked at her with a good-natured smile.

"You're delivering Memories, you know. What's up with the bag?"

Aiko stared at him with indignation.

"What do you even know... one has to look the part to make the right impression! That's business essentials!"

She glanced him over with suspicion.

"And speaking of looking the part... you seem a bit different today, boss, What is that... did you style your hair?"

Sunny blinked.

"I did not!"

Aiko gave him a sarcastic nod.

"Uh-huh... sure."

With that, she grinned and hurried away.

"Have fun with Princess Nephis, boss! Perform well! We're raking in real money here, so don't screw it up for us!"

The petite girl used her Aspect to skate on the cobblestones and disappeared behind a corner in the blink of an eye. Sunny was left standing on the porch, flabbergasted.

"What? What does she mean, perform well? I always perform well! Wait... that did not sound right....”

Just at that moment, he felt a familiar presence Illuminate the world. Sunny did not have to look to know that Nephis was close.

There was a rustle of feathers, and then, a slender silhouette was standing on the shore of the lake. Her wings had already disappeared, and only a beautiful halo remained, fading slowly as it contoured her figure against the tranquil water.

Nephis was wearing white clothes, her silver hair held down by the Crown of Dawn.

Sunny, dressed in black as usual, froze on the spot.

'D-damn... I hope she did not hear that...'

Noticing him, Nephis smiled lightly and walked over with easy steps.

"Master Sunless. Are you ready?”

He knew that she was terribly busy preparing for the war. However, she had diligently made time to keep their appointments in the past few weeks, and never seemed distracted by other issues in his company, giving him her full attention.

Sunny had a timid hope that Nephis actually enjoyed their outings, and found shelter from the burden of her crushing responsibilities in the time the two of them spent together - no matter how fleeting it was. He was quite pleasant to be around, after all... at least he tried to be, for her.

Of course, it was far more likely that Nephis simply treated their meetings as part of the war preparations. There was a purpose to them Sunny was a hired sorcerer who had to forge her a superb sword, after all. So, the diligence she treated him with was the same she afforded her other responsibilities, no more and no less.

Even though he would never admit it, the latter possibility made him upset.

"Master Sunless?"

Sunny lingered for a moment, then offered her a pleasant smile.

"Yes, I am ready."

He offered her his arm, and when she wrapped her own around it, picked up the picnic basket.

He had prepared the food inside himself. He had also bought the pienic basket specifically for the occasion, since nothing in the Brilliant Emporium felt nice enough.

The two of them walked together. Nephis was calm, while Sunny was pretending to be nonchalant. They made for quite a stunning pair, and passerby stared at them with wide eyes... but he did not care. Rather, he enjoyed their stares.

‘There, there. Look more!'

"You seem to be in a good mood."

Hearing Neph's remark, Sunny realized that there was a wide smile on his lips. He lowered his gaze in embarrassment.

"Ah... yes. Today seems like a pretty good day. Don't you think so, Lady Nephis?"

She studied his face for a few moments, then smiled slightly and looked away.

"Yes, I have to agree. It does seem like that."

They walked a short distance away and reached a newly built martial hall. Bastion was full of Awakened warriors, and not all of them had a Legacy clan sponsoring them - so, they needed a place to practice and hone their skills, as well as experienced instructors to guide them.

For an independent Master, opening a martial school was a good way to earn some coin - most seasoned Ascended were busy protecting the human enclaves and subjugating the wilderness of the Dream Realm, so there was always a shortage of good instructors.

Usually, the status of a Master was enough to create a sufficient reputation for a martial school. On any day, there would be a dozen or more warriors practicing Inside under the observation of the owner and his Awakened helpers.

But today, the martial hall was entirely empty. Nephis had reserved the whole building, displacing even the founder... their outing had to be public, but what they were about to do had to be kept away from prying eyes at the same time.

Walking inside, she nodded at Sunny and said evenly:

"Get comfortable, Master Sunless. I'll be with you shortly."

Sunny nodded and went to the courtyard of the martial hall, which was fashioned into a sand arena. Sitting down on the spectator bench, he put the picnic basket down and looked at the sky.

'It's indeed a nice day...'

Soon, having changed into a set of training clothes... which looked quite flattering on her despite not being designed for that purpose... Nephis walked into the arena. Picking up an alloy sword from the stand, she swung it a couple of times, nodded in satisfaction, and looked at Sunny.

"I... I'll begin, then."

He nodded.

"I'll be watching"

Nephis lingered for a few moments, then looked away and coughed.

"...Watch well." 

With that, she began a set of training exercises. Although slow and weak by Transcendent measures, they were nevertheless full of powerful intent. It was as though Nephis was performing a sword dance, fighting a duel against her shadow.

For a moment, the image of her dancing with the sword fused with his memories of the Black Island, where the two of them had spent a blissful month during the Third Nightmare. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. Sunny had been mesmerized by her practicing swordsmanship back then, as well.

Her technique had changed tremendously since the Nighthmare, though. It was still flowing, versatile, and unpredictable, but had become both different and much more... complete.

What Nephis was showing him today was her true battle art one that she kept hidden from everyone else. There was no enemy for he to fight and no environment for her to unleash her Aspect, but Sunny could still infer many things from watching these simple katas.

There was one problem, though...

He was having trouble concentrating on the movements of her sword.

Instead, his eyes could not help but follow the movements of her body.

Its graceful lines, contoured by the light fabric of the training suit. The smoothness of her steps, the supple beauty of her form. The heads of sweat glistening on her alabaster skin...

'Ah, I'm in trouble.'

Sunny used all of his self-control to keep his face neutral. He was under terrible strain!

Worst of all... best of all... the day was still young. There were many hours ahead of them.

He took a shaky breath.

‘...I'm not going to get a nosebleed, am I?’




***
Chapter 1768: Swordsmanship enthusiast.


***






Nephis concentrated on her sword, guiding it with effortless ease. The movements she performed were not particularly fast or taxing... and yet, her body was under tremendous strain, beads of sweat forming on her fair skin. Her breathing was controlled, but heavy.

That was because she had to infuse her swordsmanship with sincere intent. Without the intent, her display would be meaningless - she would fail to show the essence of her technique to the young enchanter, and he would not be able to forge a suitable blade.

She was straining herself... but, at the same time, she was enjoying herself.

That was because she did not need to think about anything else but the sword in these rare moments of peace. Meeting Master Sunless was not entirely without purpose, but compared to the rest of her endless errands and obligations, it was a respite.

Nephis had always been driven, and never allowed herself to get distracted from the goal. But that was not because she never wanted to put it all aside and enjoy some rest... it was simply because she could not allow herself to do so. Falling behind meant death, and even worse than that, failure.

With the war approaching, the pressure on her had only increased even further, It had increased tremendously. There was so much to do, so much to prepare, so much to foresee and assess and consider... and even then, there was so much uncertainty. The uncertainty of it all was the most burdensome, and even with the help of her companions, it was almost overwhelming.

Because their lives, too, depended on her. She had pulled them into the maelstrom of ruinous change, and it was up to her to see them safely to the shore.

Which was why Nephis secretly enjoyed the time she spent with Master Sunless. The charming enchanter was kind, nice... and, if she was honest with herself, quite pleasing to the eye. There was nothing wrong with indulging in stealing glances at him from time to time, of course... everyone loved beautiful things, after all. She wasn't an exception.

But his looks were not as important as the fact that he was far removed from the dreadful matters involving war, bloodshed, and boundless heartbreak. To the Sovereigns, the dead gods, and the fate of the world.

On the rare occasions she was in his company, Nephis could allow her tired mind to relax, and concentrate only on simple things. Like wielding her sword.

She had always loved swordsmanship, but now... as it turned out, performing it for someone to see was strangely rewarding.

Especially because Master Sunless always watched her intently... very intently, even, never missing a single move.

Nephis was satisfied.

‘He must really appreciate swordsmanship…’

Who knew that the gentle enchanter had such a voracious appreciation for combat techniques?

It felt good to be appreciated.

[Hey, Neph.]

Cassie's voice did not distract her from dancing with her sword. Nephis took a step forward and performed a smooth slash, then answered calmly.

[Yes? Did something happen?]

The response came a few moments later.

[No, not really. It's just that... can you do me a favor?]

Nephis spun her sword into a flowing chain of swift attacks and couldn't help but notice the enchanter's glistening onyx eyes, which followed her movements attentively.

[Sure. What do you need?]

Cassie hesitated for a while.

Was her voice a little strange? Nephis felt reluctant to consider that issue. Cassie had been suffering greatly after losing her prophetic gift, and was only recently able to recover. She didn't want to see her friend fall into an unsettled state again.

However, Cassie's next words almost made her stumble.

[Can you... give Master Sunless a hug?)

Nephis struggled to control her sword.

[W-what? A-absolute not! I... I am not going to hug him! Why are you even asking me to do something like this?]

Cassie remained silent for a bit, then sighed.

[Well... whatever. I can't tell you. If you don't want to, don't.]

She didn't say anything else.

Nephis was stunned.

‘That's... that's right! I don't want to, and so I won't.’

However...

The thought of embracing the charming enchanter had already been planted in her mind, refusing to disappear. After all, people didn't just like looking at beautiful things...

Like that time in the lakeshore park, when he tripped and tried to cover his clumsiness with an equally clumsy excuse.

'Damn you, Cassie!’

Distracted, Nephis failed to suppress her strength and put too much force into her next swing.

The alloy training sword was not meant to be used by Saints, and so, it shattered under the terrible strain.

Nephis stumbled.

The tip of the blade broke off, whistling as it shot through the air with terrible speed... And struck Master Sunless, who had been slow to react, straight in the face. She flinched.

‘Oh, no!’

Before he could even recover, Nephis was already beside him. She traversed the entire arena with a single push, appearing near the spectator seats almost instantaneously.

The charming enchanter had barely had time to react, raising his hands to clutch at his face. Nephis kneeled beside him and raised her own, her gaze anxious.

He was a Master, so an alloy blade would not hurt him too much... but still, still. She was very angry at herself, and concerned about him.

"Master Sunless... please, lower your hands. Let me see."

Covering half of his face, he looked at her with one eye and forced out a smile.

"...It's fine, Lady Nephis. I'm tougher than I look. You don't have to worry."

She gritted her teeth, "Still. Let me see."

The enchanter lingered for a while, then lowered his hands obediently,

Nephis let out a relieved sigh.

She was certain that she would see blood, but the alloy blade somehow falled to break skin despite its dire speed. Nevertheless, his cheek and brow were red and swollen, and there would be a serious bruise on his face before too long. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m .Scowling, she took his chin with one hand and gently touched his face with the other.

'It's fine... the bone isn't fractured. Just a bruise.’

Nephis calmed down.

In the next moment, however, she realized the position they were in.

Master Sunless was sitting, while she was kneeling on the ground beside him. She was holding his face, and they were terribly close to each other.

His onyx eyes were right in front of her, looking into hers. They were like deep pools of cool darkness.

She could see her disheveled reflection in them.

The young enchanter remained still, looking at her silently.

Nephis hesitated for a few moments, then said with false calmness:

"Don't move."

In the next moment, a soft radiance ignited under the skin of her hands.

She was assaulted by the familiar agony, but at the same time, she saw a hint of relief smooth his features. The swelling subsided and disappeared altogether, leaving his skin flawless and unblemished, just as it had been before.

It was cool, silky, and soft to the touch.

"There. All better."

Nephis smiled and felt the corner of his mouth rise into a subtle smile under her fingers.

‘...Why am I still holding his face?'

She lingered for a few moments, then lowered her hands.

With a bit of reluctance…




***
Chapter 1769: Dreams old and new.


***






To hide her embarrassment, Nephis left to wash off her sweat and change clothes. When she regained her composure and returned, her hair still glistening with moisture, Master Sunless gave her a peculiar glance and looked away.

She would have thought that he was uncomfortable because of being hurt by her just now… if not for the fact that she could feel his desire burning hotly deep within his soul.

The gentle enchanter was not uncomfortable. He was just trying to hide being moved by her appearance… his yearning was usually vague and subdued, as if something was obscuring it from her senses. But she knew that it was there.

Being aware of something like that would make most people feel uneasy, or at least make them act as if they were uneasy. However, Nephis did not mind too much either way.

As her ability to sense longing developed, she had come to know that humans were creatures led by their desires, and that this kind of yearning was both the most common and the one they hid most thoroughly. It had been a bit of a shock for her to learn how many men secretly felt it in her presence, but she quickly came to peace with it.

It was simply human nature. What mattered was not how they felt, but how they chose to act. Some were slaves to their desires, while some were masters of themselves, and lived their lives with clear minds.

Master Sunless was never unpleasant in his actions, and treated her with the utmost decorum. His mind was clear, and his intentions were pure. So, Nephis was not at all appalled by the hidden flames burning in his soul.

In fact, for the first time, she was a bit pleased to know that someone felt that way about her.

At least she wasn't the only one getting flustered all the time!

Now that the sword demonstration was over, there was some time left before the next item on their schedule. The schedule had been prepared by Cassie, who was in charge of maintaining the facade of their fake relationship and keeping the sword commission a secret, but it wasn't very strict. So, Nephis and Master Sunless had some freedom in what they chose to do.

Today, for example, he had prepared a picnic.

Nephis had a vague notion that picnics were usually held in nicer settings, but due to the difficulty of finding privacy in Bastion, they were forced to eat right here in the martial hall.

She sighed wistfully.

«Maybe I should invite him to the Ivory Island next time, It's peaceful there, and the lake is beautiful But then, she blushed slightly.»

Would that be considered inviting a man over? She lived on the Ivory Island, after all… what would he think?

What would she want him to think?

The charming enchanter, meanwhile, spread a beautiful tablecloth on the bench and placed various snacks on it. There was also a jar of freshly squeezed fruit juice, and some ice to keep it cool.

Smiling, he gestured to the food.

«Please enjoy, Lady Nephis.»

She was quite hungry after the strenuous sword practice, so his invitation was most welcome.

Truth be told, Nephis had never paid much attention to food… but everything prepared by Master Sunless was simply too delicious. She enjoyed these meals quite a bit.

Picking up a sandwich, she took a bite. The bread was fresh and crisp, the meat had a delightful texture, and the combination of lettuce and tomatoes was just right to make the sandwich juicy without becoming soggy. The homemade sauce added enough flavor to make the ingredients shine, but not so much as to overwhelm their natural taste.

It was delectable.

One could tell a lot about an Awakened from their cooking. Nephis had tasted enough meals prepared by Master Sunless to guess a few things, as well.

His habits were very eclectic, like those of a man who had wandered a lot. There was a certain spontaneity to them, as well, hinting that his skill had developed gradually by trial and error, as opposed to having been taught by experienced tutors of a Legacy clan.

There were influences of Bastion and several other regions in the sword Domain, the efficient practicality common among the veterans of the Southern Campaign, and even hints of the Forgotten Shore in his cooking — the latter most likely picked up from working in the kitchen with Aiko.

He was a very talented cook. Nephis had tasted dishes prepared for the royal table by renowned chefs, and while Master Sunless was not nearly as sophisticated, she found herself preferring his simple cooking to those exquisite meals… by far.

She looked at him, finished her delicious sandwich, and asked with curiosity:

«Were you always good at cooking, Master Sunless?»

He smiled and shook his head.

«No, not at all. Actually, I grew up eating nothing but synthpaste. I only tasted real food after becoming a Sleeper, at the Academy. Let me tell you, Lady Nephis… it was quite a shock!»

Nephis felt sad for a moment. How poor his background must have been, to only get access to palatable food after becoming infected by the Nightmare Spell? She had not known that about him. Dreams Old and New.

Now that Nephis thought about it, she knew very little about the young enchanter, despite having spent time with him on many occasions.

She hesitated for a few moments, then asked:

«Was that why you decided to open a restaurant?»

Master Sunless looked at her with a surprise and remained silent for a bit. It looked as if he was reminiscing.

After a while, he chuckled and shook his head again.

«No. My original dream was to own a Memory shop. I don't actually remember where I got the idea to open a restaurant, as well… must have been sometime during the Chain of Nightmares. I just figured that feeding people would feel nice. Oh, and earn me some money, as well.»

Nephis was stumped by that answer.

There was nothing shameful about owning a Memory shop. She believed strongly that it was the duty of all Awakened to resist the Nightmare Spell, but that did not mean that everyone had to spill blood on the battlefield.

There were those with unsuitable dispositions or Utility Aspects who maintained the cities, grew crops, and supplied the warriors with equipment their work was no less important.

So, Master Sunless was a dutiful person, as well. The Memories he crafted helped those better suited for the battlefield defeat Nightmare Creatures and come home alive.

It was just that… Nephis herself dreamed of something so heavy and unattainable. Wasn't owning a shop too trivial of a thing to be someone's dream?

Perhaps reading something on her face, the charming enchanter smiled.

«It might be difficult for someone as accomplished as you to understand, Lady Nephis. You are a storied champion of humanity, after all… but most people never grow numb to the horrors of the Nightmare Spell. Even if they are seasoned warriors, they would still prefer living quietly away from the abominable monsters and mortal danger. lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. Dreaming of something so mundane might seem strange to you, but in fact, these mundane things are what most people dream about.»

Nephis looked at him thoughtfully. 

He was right, of course. She had always been quite different from most people, and felt alienated as a result. She also knew that it was her who was abnormal, not the other way around.

For a moment, Nephis tried to imagine what it would be like, to have a mundane dream. If her life had been different, what would her heart strive for?

She looked at the training arena.

Would she have wanted to open a martial school like this one and dedicate her life to the pursuit of swordsmanship, sharing her insights with students and feeling joy every day?

Would she maybe dedicate her life to music? Playing an instrument had never been among the lessons taught to her as a Legacy, so Nephis had no such skill. But she had often fantasized about performing music as a child.

Were dreams supposed to be like that? Nephis enjoyed a piece of savory meat pie, then asked with genuine curiosity:

«What does it feel like, to accomplish your dream?»

Her own had always been so out of reach, so burdensome. It was all-consuming and overwhelming, much larger than her life… and yet, she could not quite imagine living any other way. Master Sunless remained silent for a while, then smiled wistfully.

«Who knows? I certainly don't. By the time I found myself in a position to open a shop, too many things had happened. I changed, and my dreams changed as well. Still, I guess it depends on what you used to dream about. My old dream was rather nice, so the life I've built due to its influence is also on the nicer side. It's… peaceful.»

Nephis raised her eyebrow.

«What is your dream now, then?»

He looked at her intently and hesitated for a few moments.

Then, the charming enchanter chuckled.

«That… I don't really have dreams anymore. I just have goals. Having a goal is much better than having a dream, don't you think?»

She pondered his words for a few moments and asked neutrally:

«What's the difference?»

Master Sunless looked away and sighed.

«I'd say that the difference is in how you approach it. A dream is something you want to happen… a goal is something that you make happen. The difference is in having enough determination to grasp what you want, and never let it go.»

He remained silent for a while, and then added with a hint of sadness in his pleasant voice:

«But I… to be honest, I've let go of a few things in my life. So if there is something I really want, it's to go back and try again. That is not a dream, though. Since it's in the past, it is just a regret.»

The charming enchanter emptied his glass, then looked at her and smiled.

«Now that I think about it, I guess I do have a dream.»

His onyx eyes looked into hers, glistening in the sunlight.

«It's to live my life never feeling regret again.»

Nephis smiled.

It was a good dream.




***
Chapter 1770: Keen Insight.


***






Leaving the martial hall, they went for a walk. Sunny offered Nephis his arm once again, and they strolled along the lively streets of Bastion, making sure to be seen by as many people as possible.

It wasn't every day that ordinary citizens could catch a glimpse of Changing Star, so many were stunned and excited. She smiled politely at them and nodded from time to time.

Luckily, a Saint was different from a celebrity. Although she was immensely popular, people treated her with a sense of solemn veneration. No one bothered them wanting to receive an autograph, and no one tried to exchange words with her — they just looked from afar and kept a respectful distance.

Nephis herself, meanwhile, was quite curious about the details of the day-to-day life of the city. As they walked, she often asked Sunny to explain this or that, listening to his explanations with keen interest.

«…Before last year, most people in Bastion sustained themselves on the food rations delivered from the waking world and the meat brought back by the abomination hunters. But then, the fields outside the city were finally able to yield a harvest — crops capable of thriving in the Dream Realm soil had been cultivated decades ago, but scaling the production took time. In any case, the city is almost self-sufficient now. These food stalls became popular after the supply of locally sourced flour stabilized, as well. Would you like to try a fish cake? It's not really fish, of course… but it's still delicious…»

She smiled and shook her head.

«No, thank you. I am quite full.»

Hearing that, Sunny felt satisfied. It seemed that she had enjoyed the picnic.

Feeding people felt nice, indeed… Especially this particular person. Nephis looked at him with curiosity, and then asked in a neutral tone:

«Master Sunless… can I ask you a question?»

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

«Of course.»

She lingered for a moment.

«You've been observing my swordsmanship. What did you see?»

He had expected her to ask that, somewhat.

The arrangement between Nephis and him was for the purpose of crafting a weapon for her, and to do that, Sunny had requested to study her swordsmanship and battle technique.

However, his persona was that of a sorcerer, not a warrior. Nephis did not know how deep his understanding of combat went, and if he was even capable of learning anything about her transcendent battle prowess. In fact, if anything, she would think that his knowledge of swordsmanship was shallow.

She did not know that although Sunny's understanding of combat was not the deepest in the world, it was certainly the broadest. He doubted that anyone, including her and the three Sovereigns, had absorbed as many battle styles as he had.

So, Nephis was curious to learn how much he saw, and to what degree he was capable of appreciating her swordsmanship.

Sunny remained silent for a while, then sighed and said in a somber tone:

«Your swordsmanship… is ruthless.»

She seemed amused by his answer.

«Ruthless?»

He nodded and contemplated his next words carefully.

«At first, I was really surprised. You are renowned across two worlds as one of the most skilled warriors of humanity, Lady Nephis. You are also the daughter of Broken Sword, whose swordsmanship is legendary. And yet… your technique seems grossly reckless and unbalanced.»

She smiled silently,

Sunny coughed, and then continued calmly.

«It is an exceedingly aggressive style, and your offense is stunningly lethal. However, the defense… the Master of that martial hall earlier would have beaten his students senseless if he saw them neglecting defense to that degree. Despite that, your footwork is too strange. It is meaninglessly conservative, to the point of appearing awkward. It's all a proper mess.»

Nephis laughed quietly.

«In other words… I am a fraud?»

He smiled sadly, then shook his head.

«It would seem like that, but of course, it is not true. The truth of the matter is that you are too ruthless.»

Sunny's smile faded slowly.

«Your battle art has no mercy at all — not for your enemies, and not for yourself. You disregard defense because you expect to be hurt, mauled, and maimed. Your Aspect allows you to recover from almost any wound, after all, so no matter how terribly your body is mutilated, you can continue to fight. For that reason, your style simply breaks every possible convention of combat technique. You've reinvented the very concept of swordsmanship from the ground up, removing self-preservation from its foundation.»

He sighed.

«Of course, simply removing one of the cornerstones of swordsmanship is not enough to create a functional battle art. You also had to replace every basic principle of combat connected to it with a new one, Incorporating being hurt into the very core of your technique. Your flesh might heal, but force is still transferred when you receive a blow. Your balance is still affected. Your sword won't strike true if your sword arm is severed. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. So, you did not simply discard defense in favor of overwhelming offense. Rather, you replaced defense with controlled harm, learning how to kill the enemy in the most efficient way while sacrificing your body in the most calculated manner.»

His expression turned somber. 

«That is why your technique seems so reckless, and why your footwork is so strange. Of course, that impression is woefully wrong. In truth, you are not reckless at all… instead, you are so strategic that it is almost chilling. Your knowledge of physics, anatomy, and the underlying laws of combat has to be staggering… otherwise, you wouldn't have been able to create such a diabolical battle art.»

Nephis seemed very satisfied by his answer. She looked at him with visible appreciation, and then smiled.

Her striking grey eyes were almost beaming.

«I didn't expect you to possess such keen insight, Master Sunless, Your expertise in swordsmanship is truly outstanding.»

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then looked away and sighed again.

«Well… It's just a preliminary conclusion, and a shallow one at that. There is a limit to how much I can learn from watching you practice. To truly understand enough, I'll need to observe you in actual battle.»

Her smile widened a little.

It was a rare sight, to see Nephis smiling like that.

…Which was a shame, because her sincere smile was simply too beautiful.

Sunny felt his heart skipping a beat.

She chuckled quietly, and then said in a pleased tone:

«You shared your insight, but not your opinion. What do you think of my swordsmanship, Master Sunless? Care to give me a compliment?»

He looked away and hesitated for a while.

There were a lot of flowery words he could use to describe her technique. It was quite tantalizing, after all, not to mention lethal and deeply ingenious.

However, in the end, what he said was something else.

«It's inhuman.»

The smile froze on Nephis' face, and her mirth was replaced by confusion.

«…Inhuman?»

Sunny nodded somberly.

«It is built upon pain, Lady Nephis. Humans naturally avoid suffering… so, forgive me for being presumptuous. But I really wish that you avoided getting hurt, as well.»

Nephis stared at him for a few moments, then turned away and shrugged with a faint smile.

When she spoke, her voice sounded a little wistful.

«It's just pain.»

He looked at her, his eyes full of darkness.

«Those words again…»

Sunny studied her beautiful face for a while. Her hand was resting on his forearm, and he could feel her presence illuminate the world like a warm sun.

Why did such a radiant person have to live in constant agony? Why did she have to grow numb to pain?

He opened his mouth, then closed it and exhaled slowly.

Then, he smiled and said in a light tone:

«Still. Try not to get hurt too much, Lady Nephis. It might be hard to believe because of my outstanding and refined appearance, but I actually know a thing or two about pain… one time, I wasn't mindful enough and grabbed a hot pan! It hurt like hell… I have been very careful around pans since then…»

Nephis glanced at him, blinked a couple of times, and then laughed.

By then, they have already reached their destination…

It was a theater hosting a popular play.




***
Chapter 1771:  Curtain Call.


***






There was a private box reserved for Nephis and Sunny. They were guided there by a young stagehand, who was visibly struggling to maintain decorum while bursting at the seams with excitement. It was not every day that Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan visited a theater! In fact, Sunny was pretty sure that she had never participated in these kinds of social activities before. 

“There would be a freshly embossed plaque nailed in the foyer of the theater by tomorrow, no doubt. Something like “This humble establishment has enjoyed the patronage of the brightest of stars” or «We are proud to have hosted Her Royal Highness, Saint Nephis of Immortal Flame.»

Such a simple thing was enough to enhance the theater's prestige twofold.

«I wonder if this place is secretly sponsored by Cassie.»

The box was luxuriously furnished, dark, and elevated above the auditorium high enough so that no one could see what was happening inside.

Sunny felt frustrated at the fact that his heart was almost racing.

Letting out a sigh, he glanced at the stage and took a seat, The curtain had not been raised yet, and the audience was filling in with excited whispers. He was distracted for a moment when Nephis sat down near him, their shoulders almost touching.

«This private box is a bit cramped, isn't it?»

Well, it couldn't be helped.

He remained silent for a moment, then asked in a neutral tone:

«By the way, what play are we watching?»

Nephis looked at him with a hint of surprise.

«You don't know?»

Sunny shook his head.

«I'm afraid I don't.»

She seemed a little embarrassed, for some reason.

Nephis hesitated for a while, then coughed awkwardly.

«…Actually, I don't know either. Cassie… Saint Cassia arranged it. I assumed you would have been informed.»

Sunny chuckled.

«Well, it will be a surprise then. Who knows, we might enjoy it a great deal.»

Actually, he didn't really care about the contents of the play. He doubted he would be able to concentrate on the actors, anyway, when Nephis was so close to him, in the darkness.

Soon, the lights dimmed, and the curtains were slowly pulled. The audience held its breath.

At the same time, Sunny's smile froze on his lips.

In fact, he had stopped breathing entirely.

His expression slowly crumbled, and he barely suppressed a tormented groan.

Because right at that moment, he saw the title of the play above the decorations. Written in a purposefully messy scrawl, several words were displayed on dark background…

[The Devil of Antarctica.]

«Oh, no!»

—— —— ——

On the stage, the decorations were divided into two distinct locations. On one, a military boat sailed on an icy sea. On the other, tall mountain peaks towered above a snowy cliff.

Sunny tried to sink into his chair, raising a trembling hand to cover his face. He didn't even care if Nephis would notice his strange behavior. He just wanted to disappear and be somewhere anywhere! — else the next moment.

«I'm done for!»

There was an actress wearing a black armor standing on the snowy cliff, gazing down at the audience with a somber look. The armor design was quite austere, but somehow managed to accentuate every curve of her quite… distinguished body very well. Her blonde hair moved slightly in the artificial wind, and her bright blue eyes were full of harsh resolve.

The military boat, meanwhile, seated seven soldiers in the uniforms of the First Evacuation Army. Their leader was standing at the bow, peering ahead with a stolc expression on his chiseled face. He was close to two meters in height and possessed a formidable build, oozing rugged masculinity. The makeup made him look extremely pale, and he seemed to be wearing a black wig.

Sunny took a shaky breath.

«…These bastards!»

Both the distinguished actress and the square-jawed man were supposed to be inspired by him. He could live with the brutish guy… but the well-proportioned beauty?! Really?!

This was why he had avoided watching the movie version at all costs.

Now, however, Sunny had no choice but to watch.

He squirmed silently.

At that moment, one of the soldiers said to his comrades on the boat:

«Why so glum, comrades? Cheer up! We are nearing Antarctica. Nightmare Creatures stand no chance against the heroic soldiers of the Evacuation Army!»

Immediately, the leader cut him off with a sharp gaze and scoffed.

«Good attitude, soldier! However, the message is wrong. Don't underestimate the enemy, Heroes won't win this war,,, so, don't try to be a hero.»

He flashed a dark grin and added hoarsely, his rugged voice easily capturing the audience:

«…Be a monster! Be a fiend. That is how you will survive.»

Sunny shuddered, knowing that he was in for a very, very long couple of hours.

The play followed two Ascended. One of them was an antihero only known as the Captain, who led a convoy of refugees on a tumultuous journey across the Antarctic Center. He possessed a devilish charm and a cynical personality, but displayed a surprising amount of valor and resolve, as well, hiding a compassionate heart under the snide facade of a disillusioned fatalist.

The other was a mysterious female warrior who joined the army in the early stages of the campaign, displaying stunning power and indomitable courage. She was aloof, but noble and selfless, breaking the tide of several dire battles while refusing to say anything about her background and allegiance.

The two quickly became known as the Devil of Antarctica and its Guardian Angel, respectively. Their paths intersected in the middle of the play, during the tragic siege of Falcon Scott, where a tentative romance bloomed between them against the bleak backdrop of war.

Sunny was perfectly expressionless as he watched the play.

«No, but.., how does it even make sense? Am I romancing myself?»

He was too embarrassed to look at Nephis, staring directly ahead.

«Ah, I want to die…»

The production was stellar, and the actors were quite talented. The story was not even that tasteless, even if it twisted most facts to fit the narrative presented by the government propaganda machine at the time. It was just that… Sunny had been there!

And he certainly had not been in the habit of constantly spewing witty one-liners, sharing gems of jaded wisdom with the admiring soldiers, and looking soulfully into the distance every other minute!

Worst of all, he felt that the play would be a hit.

The horror!

«And there I was feeling happy that there was no video streaming services in the Dream Realm!»

Feeling a strong desire to manifest a swarm of shadows and collapse the roof of the theater, he furtively glanced at Nephis.

Coincidentally, she was also looking at him at that moment.

Just then, the first act concluded, and the lights went on.

Nephis tilted her head a little and asked neutrally:

«How do you like the play, Master Sunless?»

Sunny forced out a smile.

It was one of the hardest things he had done in his life… and he had put his head back after being decapitated once!

He lingered for a few moments, and then said in a flat tone:

…It's directed well. I'm not a fan, though.»

Nephis chuckled, then sighed.

«I am sorry. I don't know what Cassie was thinking… you participated in the Southern Campaign as well, after all. It must be unpleasant, to see a censored version of the calamity you lived through on the stage.»

She looked at the curtain and shook her head.

«I heard that the Captain is based on a real person. I was in East Antarctica, though, so I wouldn't know. He must have been quite a character.»

Sunny did not respond.

«He's quite a character, indeed…»

They spent the intermission in awkward silence. Sunny was thinking of a way to convince Nephis to leave, but sadly, he couldn't think of any. Especially due to her status… an ordinary person could slip away in the middle of a play, but if Changing Star did it, the theater would go bankrupt the next day, Such was the power of her glorious fame.

Eventually, it was time for the second act to start It was then that Nephis said calmly, never looking away from the stage.

«We are being watched.»

Sunny raised an eyebrow. He usually kept his shadow sense restrained in Bastion, so he wouldn't know.

«Who would anyone be watching us?»

She sighed.

«You don't have to worry. It's nothing serious… someone is probably suspicious and wants to confirm the nature of our relationship.»

He relaxed.

«Oh.»

She had just survived an assassination attempt recently, and the whole world was in turmoil as a result. There were no riots on the streets, but tensions were running high. If something happened to Nephis in the meantime… he was afraid that everything would explode.

So, even though it was unpleasant to know that someone was spying on them, Sunny felt relieved. Not for long, though. Because the second act had started.

On the stage, the Falcon Scott had fallen, and the Devil was separated from the Angel during the evacuation, carried away unconscious on the last ship. The latter was presumed to have perished in the siege.

The second part of the story took place in East Antarctica, where the forces sent by the Legacy clans helped to stem the tide of Nightmare Creatures. The Captain, grief-stricken and heartbroken, went from gazing soulfully into the distance every other minute to doing so about every thirty seconds. The frequency of his sardonic remarks decreased, but his general disposition had only grown more obnoxious.

Sunny was in a foul mood and grinding his teeth.

…It was then, however, that Nephis raised a hand and wrapped her arm around him firmly, pulling him closer in the darkness.

He froze.

«What… what is she doing?»

«Please forgive me, Master Sunless. We must play our parts, as well.»

She was terribly close. 

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

Then, a small smile slowly crept onto his face.

«Ah, yes. I guess there's no helping it.»

He placed his head on her shoulder in an intimate display.

Whoever was watching them should be able to confirm the nature of their relationship from that scene. What could he do? There was no choice… he had to cooperate earnestly.

Held comfortably in Nephis' embrace, Sunny smiled with satisfaction.

«I must admit…»

The second part of the play was much better than the first.

It was actually not bad at all.

The director really knew what they were doing!




***
Chapter 1772: Deus Ex Machina


***






Strangely enough, Nephis was enjoying the play.  

The leading actress was good at her craft. The role she was portraying was taciturn and stole, but revealed a stalwart determination to resist the tide of Nightmare Creatures at all costs... a true warrior. The Guardian Angel of Antarctica did not display a lot of emotions, which could have made some people consider her a flat character.

But personally, Nephis thought that it was the opposite. The actress managed to show the subtlety of someone who was unaccustomed to expressing her emotions openly, and felt that there was no place for such things on the battlefield. It was really quite commendable, even if the Angel seemed a bit lonesome as a result.

The protagonist was her complete opposite. He was very emotive and did not shy away from voicing his opinions, even if these opinions were usually not something people would want to hear. His dry wit and casual nonchalance were disarming, and his slightly comical persona was strangely endearing. His heart was in the right place, too...

And yet, Nephis found herself unable to fully immerse herself in his character, The actor portraying the Devil was handling the role well, so there was nothing to complain about. It was just that.,,, how could she put it? The man was a bit too.., brawny, She had never really considered the matter, but now, Nephis suddenly realized that rugged men like that did not suit her taste very much.

She was inclined to appreciate men like Master Sunless much better

Feeling the pleasant weight of his head on her shoulder, she smiled subtly in the darkness.

‘How did I end up in this situation?'

The charming enchanter was leaning on her comfortably. Her arm was wrapped around him, as if they were really in that kind of relationship. It was true that there was someone in the theater observing them, but had there really been a need for a display of intimacy?

She had done it mostly on impulse, perhaps because Cassie's unexpected request was still stuck in her mind.

But, well... Nephis didn't mind the result. It felt quite nice.

Enjoying the novel feeling of closeness, she continued to watch the play.

On the stage, the touching love story between the Devil and the Angel had already progressed, and was now nearing a tragic culmination. After being reunited in East Antarctica and confessing their feelings, the heroes faced a deadly crisis.

She tilted her head and accidentally rested her cheek on top of the charming enchanter's head, feeling the silky texture of his raven-black hair. Nephis froze for a moment, perplexed, then made a hard decision... to pretend that she had done it on purpose, and that everything was going according to plan.

Just like that, there was something to distract her from the utterly fictional depiction of the Battle of the Black Skull happening on the stage...

There was no mention of the Great Clans having fought each other, of course. Instead, they were shown as self-sacrificing champions of humanity who had ventured into the wilderness to buy King Anvil and his cohort enough time to conquer the Fourth Nightmare.

The Angel had already revealed herself as a disgraced retainer of Clan Valor, and now, the heroes were trying to stall the tide of dreadful abominations in a desperate last stand.

The play took some liberties with the original film's plot, it seemed, adapting it to the sensibilities of the people living in the Sword Domain.

On the stage, the Angel was supporting the Devil, both of them battered and covered in fake blood.

"Hold on! We must hold on, Captain! The King of Valor will be here soon!"

The square jaw of the protagonist trembled, and he forced out his familiar devilish grin.

"I'm afraid... I'm afraid that I will have to break my promise, angel, I'm sorry, but... really, you have no one to blame but yourself, You... should not have fallen in love with a dishonest man like me.”

Still smiling fearlessly, he pushed the wounded Angel back, into the hands of his soldiers, and commanded them to retreat.

Left alone, the Devil faced the encroaching shadow - created by special effects, it represented the Great abominations that had escaped the Category Four Gates.

A sarcastic scoff escaped from his lips.

"I really thought I'd make it. Well, never mind. This devil's time away from hell is coming to an end... ah, what a sweet dream it has been! Thank you, my love."

Nephis could hear quiet sobs in the audience. She could also feel Master Sunless tremble slightly.

Was he... quite affected by the play? His reactions seemed quite intense from the very start. The charming enchanter was surprisingly emotional...

She wondered idly if he knew the truth about the Battle of the Black Skull. He wasn't there, after all, and most people believed in the false record of what had happened on that day.

The truth was not nearly as romantic.

Knowing what would happen next, Nephis sighed and suddenly wished to fall through the ground.

Was there still a chance to set fire to the theater? That would interrupt the play, for sure...

Master Sunless felt her tension and shifted slightly, looking up.

His terribly handsome face was suddenly way too close.

"What is the matter?"

She tried very hard to hide her embarrassment, looked away, and said in a flat tone:

"It's nothing."

But just then...

The stage was suddenly drowned in bright light, which chased away the encroaching darkness.

A beautiful young woman in white clothes that were a little bit too tight for her generous figure was lowered from above on invisible ropes, somehow maintaining a graceful image despite two heavy wings attached to her back by a hidden harness.

She held a radiant sword in her hand, her face the perfect picture of enlightened valiance.

Nephis sight and covered her face with a palm.

There were a few joyful yelps from the audience.

"It's Lady Changing Star!"

"The King has returned from the Nightmare!"

"Please save him, Lady Nephis! Hurry!"

...Indeed.

The actress being lowered from above was the very same ingénue who played Nephis in the local rendition of that accursed movie... she was portraying Changing Star.

Nephis could feel the enchanter's body trembling once again.

Glancing at him between her fingers, she was startled to see that he was trying to suppress laughter.

Her expression fell a little.

What's so funny?"

Master Sunless looked at her with a smile, his onyx eyes glistening with mirth. Then, he shook his head apologetically.

"No, no... please forgive me, Lady Nephis. It's just a bit of schadenfreude..."

Hearing that, she was suddenly in the mood to do something that she had never done before.

Nephis wanted to pout.

Turning away from him, she remained silent for a few moments, and then said evenly:

"I'm glad my suffering amuses you."

Master Sunless gasped and stared at her with a hint of panic in his gem-like eyes.

Nephis tried to maintain a calm facade, but the corner of her mouth curled upward against her will.

She sighed and closed her eyes.

'Cute!’

On the stage, Changing Star saved the day. The Devil was rescued and reunited with the Angel, who had led the Valor reinforcements to his position. The King of Swords descended to Antarctica, eradicating the Nightmare Creatures and leading the civilians to the Sword Domain

Due to the bravery and selflessness that the Angel had shown during the Southern Campaign, her past misdeed was pardoned by Princess Nephis, and she was reinstated as a Knight of Valor. The Devil was knighted by the radiant princess, as well, and the two of them became trusted champions of the royal family.

It was a happy ending.

The curtain fell, and the lights went on. The actors returned to the stage to bow and were met by a thunderous applause.

Of course, all of them could not help but throw furtive glances at the private box.

Nephis sighed, then stood up with a pleasant smile and clapped a few times.

At the sight of that, the eyes of the actors shined, and the audience exploded with an even more energetic applause.

Master Sunless watched her with an amused smile, then asked quietly:

"I guess you liked the play, Lady Nephis?"

Nephis lingered for a bit. 

What was she supposed to say? That the play was alright, but she really enjoyed the experience of him resting his head on her shoulder as she embraced him in the darkness?

She cleared his throat.

"It was a good performance. However... I'm not sure you'll understand, but it is a really uncomfortable thing to see someone playing you on the stage."

Master Sunless stared at her silently for a few moments.

Then, he looked down with an odd expression and said in a neutral tone:

"Yeah... I guess something like that would be hard to understand..."

Nephis smiled faintly.

'At least Cassie had enough presence of mind not to send us to see the Song of Light and Darkness.’

How would her pretend paramour feel watching a play about a fictional relationship between her and another man?

That would have been a disaster!




***
Chapter 1773: Fake It.


***






Sunny had been full of bitter resentment when the performance started, but by the end of it, he was in an excellent mood. Watching Nephis dance with her sword, treating her to a picnic, going for a leisurely stroll arm in arm, and enjoying a romantic play together... the day was shaping up great.

Sadly, their time together would soon come to an end. All that was left on the schedule was dinner at an upscale restaurant - after that, Nephis would disappear for a few days or a week, busy with all her other responsibilities.

So, he had to make the most of this dinner appointment.

‘I'll take the chance to seize up the competition.’

However, Sunny knew that he was fooling himself.

In truth, the Brilliant Emporium could not even be considered a competitor of the lofty restaurant his café was a place where people could enjoy delicious, but relatively simple food in a cozy atmosphere. The establishment where they were entering right now, though, was where the affluent citizens of Bastion came to waste money and show status in splendid surroundings.

He felt inclined to treat such extravagance with disdain, but found himself unable to do that after being led to a private booth by an exceedingly respectful waiter, Comparing the immaculate attire and flawless manners of the young man to how Aiko usually behaved, Sunny was suddenly unsure of his judgment.

Perhaps these rich folks were really onto something...

But then again, he was richer than all of them combined. Sunny never flaunted his wealth, but it would have been hard to remain poor after hunting Great Nightmare Creatures for years. And since he didn't really have expenditures like the need to maintain a clan, he was probably the wealthiest man in Bastion, second only to the King of Swords himself.

So, logically, it was the Brilliant Emporium that set the standard of luxury. Everyone else could only hope to imitate his unique style!

Still...

Sunny hands trembled when he sat down and saw a large, empty plate in front of him.

'A ch-ch-charger plate!’

How fancy!

And what was it made of? Was it... the famed Aegis porcelain? That porcelain could only be made from the mystical clay found in a remote region of the Sword Domain, the precise recipe kept secret by the artisans employed by the Legacy Clan presiding over those lands.

The tablecloth was made from sublime silk. The utensils were pure silver, The table itself... damnation, he recognized that wood! That was titanwood, the same as the instructor's cafeteria at the Academy!

At least his chair was, in all ways, inferior to the Shadow Chair. Otherwise, Sunny would have been quite disheartened.

Nephis sat down across from him and smiled.

"I doubt that they will serve us anything as delicious as what you make, Master Sunless. Still, please try to enjoy yourself."

Sunny looked at her with gratitude, suddenly feeling a lot better.

'Right. Who cares about how fancy the plates, silverware, and furniture are? It's the food that matters!'

Paying attention to form over substance was a silly thing to do, like valuing flowery prose over an engaging story. Sunny might have acted like a bit of an idiot at times, but at least he wasn't that misguided.

He stared at Nephis silently while the waiter was pouring fragrant wine into their glasses, enchanted by her exquisite beauty. The light of a magical chandelier was reflecting from her silver hair, and her fair face was illuminated softly. The privacy of the luxurious booth created an intimate atmosphere...

It was then that a sudden thought entered his mind, and he felt as if someone had doused him with cold water.

Sunny looked away and lowered his head a little.

The war was approaching. Which meant that he had to tell Nephis the truth soon.

There would not be many days like this one in the future... In fact, there might be none at all.

He felt a sense of deep melancholy.

When the waiter left, Nephis took a sip of wine and leaned back. She remained silent for a few moments, then asked with a hint of concern in her voice:

"I'm sorry for making you feel uncomfortable earlier, Master Sunless. Because of the subject of the play, and... well... my actions, as well."

Sunny looked at her in surprise.

"Offended? No, I wasn't offended..."

Nephis smiled.

"That's a relief."

She placed the wineglass back on the table.

The table was meant for two people to dine, so it wasn't very large. Her hand remained on the white tablecloth, close enough that Sunny could reach and hold it. Of course, he did no such thing, and just stared at it silently.

Nephis suddenly asked, her voice neutral:

"What do people usually talk about in such situations?"

He raised an eyebrow.

"Such situations?"

She hesitated for a few moments, then reached for the wineglass again.

"That... you know, on a date. Ours is a fake one, but we should probably make an effort to make it look real."

Sunny felt bewildered for a moment.

Eventually, she smiled and shrugged slowly.

"Lady Nephis... I'm afraid I have no idea. I don't think I've ever been on a proper date myself."

She looked at him with a visible expression of surprise, which was quite rare for the usually composed Nephis.

Her eyes widened a little.

"R-really? I thought you... a man like you..."

Sunny chuckled.

"I'm not sure what kind of man you think I am, but your impression of me is probably wrong. In fact..."

He hesitated for a moment, and then added wistfully:

"It most definitely is."

Sunny took a sip of wine and said in a neutral tone:

"Well, I assume that people talk about the usual things that one ought to know about a potential partner, romantic or not. You know... background, views, aspirations. Who they are, what they want. Things like that.”

Nephis studied his face for a while, then nodded, 

"Let's do that, then. That play earlier... 1 was afraid that you would be uncomfortable because of your experiences in Antarctica. What was why 1... actually, never mind! What I wanted to say is that 1 don't really know a lot about what you went through there, Master Sunless. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. Were you part of the Second Evacuation Army? Or of the local forces?"

He smiled and shook his head lightly.

"First Evacuation Army, actually."

She seemed surprised.

"Then..."

The Second Evacuation Army was mostly composed of volunteers, while the local Awakened had no choice but to join the Southern Campaign. The members of the First Army, however, were all from the core government forces.

Sunny chuckled.

"No, no. I was never a government grunt. It's just that I had a friend in the chain of command, and was invited to join the effort before the news broke. It's a bit shameful to admit, but... I threw a big tantrum back then and accepted the invitation for quite an immature reason."

Nephis looked at him intently, as if trying to picture him throwing a tantrum in her mind. Eventually, she shook her head and said:

"I can't quite imagine you doing something like that. Immature reason... really?"

He smiled and took another sip of wine.

"Yes. It was mostly to spite someone... a very childish reaction, in hindsight. Well, there were other reasons, of course, some better than others. You know - finding conviction, pursuing strength. It all seemed very important before the Chain of Nightmares started, and very meaningless pretty much immediately after it did."

At that moment, the waiter arrived to serve the first course. Sunny stared at the elaborate appetizers for a bit, but he did not really have an appetite anymore.

Looking at Nephis, he said:

"I think it's a bit unfair on you to have a conversation about background, views, and aspirations with someone, Lady Nephis. It is bound to be one-sided. You are exceedingly famous, after all... everyone knows these things about you."

The waiter left.

She also ignored the food, taking a sip of wine in silence.

Then, she placed the glass down and smiled faintly.

"You of all people should know that what people say about me and what is true are not the same, Master Sunless, After all, one of the things they say is that I am indulging you because we are lovers."

He laughed quietly.

"Indeed."

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then asked in a pleasant tone:

"In that case, let me ask you something. What are your aspirations, Lady Nephis? What do you want?"

She considered his words and answered with a careless shrug:

"It's nothing unexpected, I guess. Keep my soldiers alive, safeguard the Sword Domain. Watch cities like Bastion thrive."

Sunny shook his glass a little, watching the light reflect from the red wine.

...He wasn't the only one hiding the truth.

Lies. It was all lies.

He wasn't telling the truth, and Nephis wasn't being honest either.

Their date was truly a fake one.

Since he was not saying anyting, she went forward and asked:

"What about you, Master Sunless? What do you want?"

Sunny shifted his gaze and looked at her hand once again. There was a hint of a deep longing in his dark eyes,

He did not speak until the pain of the Flaw made it impossible to remain silent.

‘To hell with it…’

Looking up at Nephis, Sunny lingered for a moment, and then smiled faintly.

"I... find myself wishing that our date wasn't a fake one. I want it to be real instead. Is that too forward?”




***
Chapter 1774: Till you make It.


***






Sunny went ahead and expressed his real feelings without thinking about the consequences. Which could be quite heartbreaking, one way or the other… but, really, he didn't have much to lose.

Nephis did not react immediately. Her face remained composed and impassive.

After a while, she said evenly:

«It's not.»

Sunny sighed and leaned back.

What was he doing?

Cassie had been right. By keeping his true identity from Nephis, he was being truly unfair. What kind of relationship did he hope to build on the foundation of deceit?

And that was what he was doing — deceiving her.

But… despite that, Cassie had also been wrong. She wanted to avoid a predicament that was merely the result of a larger and entirely unsolvable problem.

Because Sunny simply could not be honest with Nephis. It was impossible, because even if he told her the actual truth, she would forget it a few moments later.

So what if he admitted to being the Lord of Shadows? Compared to the other things he was keeping from her, that detail was all but I insignificant.

She could never know that he had loved her for a long, long time… and that she had loved him. That they had spent years thinking about each other, fighting side by side with each other, and surviving the horrors of the Nightmare Spell together. That they had met when they were young and inexperienced, each spending their tumultuous youth being shaped by the other. That the troubled adults they had grown into were the result of them having met all those years ago, in front of the gates of the Academy.

That she was his person, and he was hers.

These were the things Nephis would never know, and therefore… any relationship Sunny could build with her would inevitably be built on deceit. It would inevitably be unfair.

The only honest thing he could do for Nephis was leave and have no contact with her whatsoever.

But he…

Was unwilling to.

He had made a choice and lost her, but he selfishly wanted to be found by her.

And so, the only thing he could do was lie.

Sunny lingered for a moment, then leaned forward and placed his hand on hers.

Raising his head, he looked into her eyes and asked, his voice even:

«Lady Nephis… will you go on a date with me?»

She met his gaze silently.

Her silence felt quite terrifying… but Sunny couldn't help but notice something.

It was that she made no attempt to pull back her hand.

There was hope.

Eventually, the corners of Neph's mouth curled upward.

«…Alright.»

Sunny blinked.

He couldn't quite process that answer just yet. Failing to hide his surprise, he squeezed her hand lightly.

«Just… just like that?»

Nephis smiled and shrugged.

«Why not? I am… not that experienced in these matters, but we are both adults. We both know what we want. So why not?»

Why did she agree?

Because she wanted to…

Sunny took a deep breath, then let go of her hand and leaned back.

His heart was beating wildly, but he forcefully suppressed his excitement.

He remained silent for a while, looking away, then said neutrally:

«Actually, there are a lot of reasons why not.»

He glanced at the untouched food, considered his next words carefully, and looked at her again.

This time, there was no smile on his face.

«Lady Nephis… before we go any further, I must admit something. Actually, I am not an honest person. In fact, I am a habitual liar… I am keeping many things from you, and might never reveal these secrets. This kind and harmless persona of mine is just a facade I wear because it's convenient. In truth, I am not that harmless. I am not very kind, either.»

She stared at him silently for a few moments, then shrugged.

«I know.»

Sunny's eyes widened a little.

«You… know?»

Nephis watched him for a few moments and sighed.

«You are a Master and a veteran of the Southern Campaign. A person like you can't be harmless, really. There was that duel, as well… I figured that you were putting up a front at some point. But I don't mind.»

She looked at him without a smile and added, her voice revealing a hint of vulnerability:

«Actually… I'm not an honest person either, I am keeping many secrets from you, as well. This valiant and noble persona of a selfless hero you see is just a facade I wear because it's convenient. I am neither noble nor a hero. Most of all, I am not selfless at all. In truth, I might be the most selfish person in the world.»

Nephis looked down and added quietly:

«So, I don't mind. As long as you don't.»

Sunny stared at her in a daze.

«But… I might never be entirely honest with you. Aren't you wary of a liar?»

She looked up at him and smiled.

«Do you harbor secret malice toward me?»

He silently shook his head.

«Do you serve one of my enemies?»

Sunny shook his head once again.

«Are you planning to betray me?»

He frowned.

«Not really. Not at all.»

Nephis shrugged.

«Then I don't care.»

However, a moment later, her eyes suddenly widened.

«Wait! You…, you don't have a wife and children somewhere out there already, do you? If you do… I'm afraid that is one thing I do have to know!»

Sunny flinched and looked at her in dismay.

«What?! No… no, I don't!»

Nephis visibly relaxed.

«That is… good. Then, as I was saying. I don't care!»

She hesitated for a moment, and then added:

«Everyone has secrets. I have my share, as well… much more secrets than most people do, and more dire ones as well. So, I also must admit something before you decide if you want to go any further, Master Sunless.»

Sunny was still a little dazed. This conversation… was not going how he had expected it to go, at all! It was all too unexpected.

He looked at Nephis, composed himself, and asked calmly:

«What's that?»

She inhaled deeply. 

«First of all… it might be premature to speak of this right now, but I feel like I should let you know before anything more meaningful has a chance to happen. I am… a very ambitious woman, Master Sunless. My heart is full of ambition, so much so that there's little space for anything — or anyone left in it. We might spend a few days together and part ways, or we might end up deciding to enjoy each other's company for much longer. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. But you… you will never own my heart, Master Sunless, or even most of my heart. It's only fair to warn you in advance.»

Sunny had long known about Nephis' insane goal, so he didn't react strongly to her words.

Instead, he nodded simply.

«I figured as much.»

Nephis studied his face, hesitated for a few moments, and sighed.

«That is good. I see. Well, then, the second thing. You might not know, but my Aspect is closely tied to longing and passion. In fact, one of the reasons I was willing to indulge in this pretense relationship with you, at the beginning, was that I wanted to understand passion better. Later, I found myself sincerely enjoying your company, so… well, that is beside the point. What I wanted to say is that I am sensitive to yearning, desire, and passion. I can perceive what other people want, and how much they want it.»

She looked away with a hint of embarrassment on her beautiful face and added evenly:

«It's one of the reasons why I am saying yes. Because I can feel the nature and sincerity of your desire.»

Sunny stared at her silently for a long time.

His eyes were a little glassy. Then, he slowly picked up his wine.

«Lady Nephis… that… what kind of desire are we talking about, exactly?»

She kept looking at the wall, as if incredibly interested in the artwork.

«…All kinds. I can sense it all. Especially if it's aimed at me.»

The glass cracked slightly in Sunny's hand.

His face remained absolutely impassive.

«So… earlier, when I was staring at her body… she knew exactly…»

Nephis turned his way and added with a hint of urgency in her voice:

«But… but you don't have to be embarrassed! It's perfectly normal. You… you are a healthy man, after all.»

Sunny let out a heavy sigh.

«Lady Nephis…»

She blinked a couple of times.

«Yes?»

His voice was a little somber when he responded:

«Please don't speak for a few moments…»

With that, Sunny brought the cracked glass to his lips and gulped all the remaining wine down in one go.

Then, maintaining perfect composure, he reached for the wine bottle with a trembling hand.

Nephis observed his actions helplessly.

She sighed, then said in a placid tone:

«In short.., yes, I will go on a real date with you, Master Sunless, I'll be delighted to.»




***
Chapter 1775: Knight Commander


***






It was already getting dark when Sunny and Nephis returned to the Brilliant Emporium.

The rest of the dinner in the upscale restaurant had been uneventful. They had agreed to turn their pretend relationship into a real one - or at least try to. However, neither of them wanted for their first actual date to happen right there and then, in a place carefully prepared by someone else to create a false impression of how they felt about each other. 

Sunny wanted to be the one making plans, at least, considering that he was the person who had invited Nephis on a date.

So, they enjoyed the food and discussed the play, both failing to hold back an occasional smile. Then, Nephis walked him home. Neither talked much on the way, but the silence wasn't awkward. Instead, it was comfortable and pleasant, full of unspoken potential.

Finally, they reached the quiet street where the Brilliant Emporium was located. The lake was just beyond the cottage.

Sunny and Nephis stopped near the porch. The sun was rolling behind the horizon, washing the world in the fiery blaze of its last rays. All throughout Bastion, shadows crawled from the dark corners, shrouding the city in twilight. Sunny was standing in the shade cast by the walls of the cottage, while Nephis was in the light, her striking grey eyes reflecting the splendor of the sunset.

She smiled faintly.

I will see you soon, then. Thank you for today, Master Sunless."

He bowed elegantly and answered with a smile of his own:

"I'll be counting the days until our next meeting, Lady Nephis."

She hesitated for a moment, then took a step back. The cascading sunlight shone radiantly behind her, forming into two beautiful white wings.

Nephis was ready to return to her heavenly palace.

Before that, however...

She lingered, then suddenly took a step forward and stopped right in front of Sunny. Before he could understand what was happening, Nephis raised her hands, placed them on his shoulders, and pulled him into a tight hug.

Sunny's eyes widened. He was so startled by her actions that his mind refused to process what was happening. He just knew that he felt a lot of things... the warmth of her touch, the firmness of her embrace, the softness of her body...

A few moments later, Nephis let him go and drew back.

Sunny looked at her dazedly.

"What... was that for?"

She met his gaze and smiled slightly,

"Just something I've been wanting to do!

With that, she bent down a little.

Her soft lips touched his cheek lightly, which made Sunny's whole body shudder. The spot where she had kissed him seemed to be on fire. No, his entire being was.

'Damn it... she can sense exactly what kind of reaction she's having on me, can't she? That's... that's unfair!'

Nephis looked him in the eyes for a moment, then chuckled.

"And that is just something for you to think about while you are counting days!"

She backed away, then turned and pushed herself off the ground. Soon, her graceful figure disappeared in the radiance of the setting sun.

Sunny belatedly raised a hand and covered his

burning cheek.

Some time later, a heavy sigh escaped from his lips,

'She's either very cruel... or doesn't understand passion nearly as well as she thinks she does…’

A cold shower, That was what he needed now!

Turning around, Sunny hid a wide smile behind his hand and walked toward the door.

That... had been really unexpected.

'No, but when did she become so cool?’

Humming a simple melody, he entered the Brilliant Emporium. Sunny was so lost in thought that he didn't notice someone standing there, looking at him with wide eyes.

He only came to his senses when he heard them speak.

“...Wow."

Startled, Sunny finally noticed Aiko, who had been wiping the tables near the street side windows.

'Crap.'

Had she seen it all?

The petite girl stared at Sunny for a few moments, then slowly extended a tiny fist and raised her thumb.

"Boss... I admire you, boss! Good job! You work so fast!"

Sunny's expression collapsed.

He remained silent for a split second, then said in an even tone:

"Aiko, come here. Don't worry, I'll make it quick. It won't hurt at all..."

Soon, the sounds of something overturning and falling to the floor could be heard inside the Brilliant Emporium.

***

Nephis landed gracefully on the emerald grass of the Ivory Island. Her wings disappeared, and with them, the pain tormenting her receded, as well.

She took a deep breath, raised her head slightly, and headed to the tower. There were Fire Keepers busy with various errands here and there, and even more of them inside the great pagoda.

She answered to their greetings with curt nods, her face the usual inexpressive mask of steady confidence.

Just like that, she reached her personal quarters on the highest level of the Ivory Tower, entered them, and closed the door behind her.

A moment later, Nephis let out a shaky breath, leaned on the door, and covered her face with both hands.

Her cheeks turned an alarming shade of red all of a sudden.

"Ah! What did I do?! I'm crazy! I've actually lost my mind!"

Her voice was full of torment.

She was in the middle of having a miniature breakdown when a soft hand patted her reassuringly on the shoulder.

Nephis flinched and looked up, finally noticing Cassie, who was standing there with a bright smile on the delicate face.

The smile slowly turned into a grin.

"Don't be too hard on yourself, Neph. I think you did great!"

'Oh, gods... Cassie saw it all, didn't she?’

Nephis was suddenly mortified.

The blind seer remained mercifully quiet for a few moments, then added in a familiar deadpan tone:

"And that is just something for you to think about while you are counting days... ah, what a line! Even I was almost seduced, poor Master Sunless must have collapsed into a puddle as soon as you left... 1 didn't know you had it in you..."

A low groan escaped from Neph's mouth.

"It's... It's all your fault, you wicked woman! If you hadn't been whispering into my ear, I would not have... I would have... it wouldn't have happened this way!"

Cassie squeezed her shoulder one more time and laughed.

"What? What are you blaming me for? I think it all went well....

Nephis closed her eyes.

'Why am I reacting so strongly? There's a damn war approaching. There are more important things to worry about!’

She had been glad to be distracted from her burdensome responsibilities in the morning.

Who knew she would be a little bit too distracted by evening?

‘Ah... I'm in trouble…’

***

Unbeknownst to Sunny and Nephis, there were more repercussions to their actions that day.

Across the lake from the Brilliant Emporium, in the depths of the Castle, the elders of Clan Valor were having a strategic meeting. They, too, were preparing for war.

At some point, the door opened, and a short report was placed in front of a regal middle-aged woman. She read it briefly and sighed.

An old man with harsh eyes and a grey beard looked at her sternly.

"What is it?"

The woman pursed her lips.

"There is another report on Changing Star and that... Mongrel person. It appears that the girl is truly taken with him."

The rest of the elders all showed a reaction, most of them displaying some sign of displeasure.

The stern old man shook his head.

"That won't do, She doesn't have to offer herself for a strategic marriage, but spending time frivolously with some nobody... a princess of Valor can't be tied to a person with no background. This concerns the prestige of our great clan."

The woman raised an eyebrow.

"What do you suggest we do? Reprimand her? Or remove the man from the picture? These are delicate matters. Will you take responsibility?"

There was a long silence in the chamber, with no one daring to speak.

Eventually, the silence was broken by a frustrated sigh.

Everyone turned to look at a beautiful young woman with striking vermilion eyes who sat at the head of the table.

Morgan looked at the elders with a frown, then shook her head dejectedly and said:

"Why are you creating a problem out of nothing? Do you have a lot of time to waste?"

She glared at them for a few moments, then leaned back. 

"I agree, Nephis can't be seen dating a nobody. So, what's the problem? Let's just knight that guy and be done with it. He won't be a nobody if we make him a Knight of Valor, will he? Hell, we can even put him in charge of some soldiers. There, problem solved."

The elders simply stared at her incredulously. Morgan smiled.

"I see there are no objections. Let's proceed with this plan, then. Now, about the issue with Saint Thane, he'll be arriving soon..."

And that...

Was how Sunny became an honorary Knight Commander of the Great Clan Valor.

Even if he did not know it yet.




***
Chapter 1776:  Working Dead


***






'So tired…’

Rain was sprawled on her threadbare sleeping bag, staring at the slanted roof of her modest tent Outside, the noises of the construction camp were churning like a sea, Just as loud as they had been throughout the day despite the late hour.

Out here, the work did not stop when the darkness fell.

For a very particular reason. 

Rain had finished her long shift as a laborer, so her muscles were sore. Later, she crawled into her tent ready to pass out from fatigue, but instead of resting, she spent several hours arduously circulating her essence in an attempt to form a soul core. That was something she did every night, and although there were no signs of Awakening yet, the number of tiny grains she had created was growing steadily.

Rain had only stopped after becoming completely exhausted.

And now, she couldn't fall asleep because of the noise outside.

'Ah, damnation... I really need to get out of this place…’

The construction of the Eastern Road was progressing at a startling pace, She had to stay hidden among the road crews for a while, but that did not mean that she had to remain in the main camp. There were other assignments available for those daring enough to take them - scouting parties, advanced camps, subjugation troops, and so on.

It was just that the number of slots for these jobs was limited, and young mundane girls were not exactly at the top of the list for tough tasks.

Still, she wanted to leave the main construction camp as soon as possible.

It was not only cramped and noisy, but also a bit creepy.

That was because mundane laborers were not the only ones building the road. In fact, most of the work was being done...

By the dead.

Rain had not heard about anything like that happening in other construction crews, but the Eastern Road was special. Clan Song wanted it built very fast, for some reason, and so, the Queen had sent her personal servants to assist the builders.

The dead were dutiful workers. They never complained, never grew tired. They didn't need water or food. They just continued to build the road silently, without sleep or rest. Their frozen faces were calm and empty... men and women, young and old. Plenty of Nightmare Creatures were among them, as well, their monstrous eyes devoid of the usual frenzy.

Every time Rain left her tent early in the morning and saw the silent corpses working diligently in the dim light of dawn, she couldn't help but feel like she was in a strange, cold hell.

It was indeed very creepy... but people were very adaptable creatures. She observed the other laborers grow accustomed to the company of the dead with great speed.

She could understand them well. After all, the Queen's servants were doing the hard work that the laborers would have had to do themselves otherwise. The dead were also quiet, solemn, and never hurt anyone. All in all, as far as colleagues went, they weren't bad at all.

The unique culture of the Song Domain played a part in the speed with which the laborers had adapted to their presence, as well. Working side by side with the dead could have been terrifying if their origin was mysterious and sinister. But they had been sent by the Queen, and the Queen was revered and beloved by the citizens of her kingdom.

So, anything that had come from the Queen was seen in a positive light.

Anyway...

"What the hell are you doing? Be quiet!"

Giving up her attempts to fall asleep, Rain turned her head and hissed at the darkness.

The darkness, which had been humming a joyful melody, grew silent.

Her teacher was in a strange mood these days. He was way too carefree and cheerful, even by his standards.

The ancient fiend must have felt at home in the company of creepy corpses. Rain couldn't explain the sudden shift in his behavior any other way.

The darkness remained silent for a while, then sighed reproachfully.

"You are such a killjoy."

Rain stared in the direction of the voice with indignation.

"Teacher... your poor student is trying to sleep here. After working a long, arduous shift in the cold. And being fed tasteless slop by the camp wardens. Can't you go hum somewhere else?"

He chuckled.

"I can. But I don't want to... that woman is there, and she might see me."

Rain frowned.

"That woman?'

Was he talking about Saint Seishan, the overseer of the camp? Teacher seemed to be wary of the Queen's daughter...

Which was a bit strange. Ki Song did not have biological children, but she had raised many orphan girls. Among them, seven were now Saints, each possessing enchanting beauty and startling powers. The Queen's daughters were venerated and loved by the people of the Sword Domain almost as much as their mother was.

Rain's teacher did not show any reaction at the mention of the more famous of them, like Beastmaster or Silent Stalker, even joking about having had questionable relationships with them... but the more obscure of the Queen's daughters, Song Selshan, caused him to behave strangely.

Rain sighed.

"Why? What did you do... no, let me guess. Did you abandon her at the altar? It was something like that, wasn't it?"

Her teacher laughed quietly.

"What? No, nothing like that... it's just that when I was a young shadow, and she was going around devouring naughty youths, we crossed paths a few times, and it seemed like she was able to see me."

Rain did not know what to say.

'Can he at least try to be consistent with his lies? He said on multiple occasions that he's thousands of years old... so how could Saint Seishan have been there when that bastard was young? And what is that about devouring youths? I can believe that he has devoured a fair share of children, but Lady Seishan? Ridiculous!'

She sighed.

"In any case, Stop humming and let me sleep. I need to get up early if I want to snatch an assignment at one of the advanced camps... I hear they'll be establishing a new one this week.”

Her teacher scoffed.

"Fine, fine. Go to sleep, then. Oh, and by the way... don't worry. I managed to get a message to your family in Ravenheart. They know that you're safe. Well... that you are alive, at least."

Rain's eyes widened in the darkness.

"Really?"

He sighed.

"Really."

A smile appeared on her lips, and a palpable sense of relief spread in her chest. A heavy burden that she had been carrying was suddenly gone.

Her poor parents must have been so worried!

"Really, really?"

Her teacher cursed quietly. 

"Yes! Listen... I am a very honest person. The most honest person in two worlds, even! When have I ever lied to you?"

She laughed quietly and turned on her side, finally closing her eyes.

'Yeah, sure... that statement is full of holes, Not only are you the most brazen liar I have ever met, it's even a question if you are a person.'

Rain relaxed, feeling sleep finally starting to envelop her mind in a soft embrace.

'But it's alright... tonight, I'll forgive you... thank you, teacher!’

Relieved and warmed by the news he had shared, she peacefully fell asleep.

Tomorrow, she was going to find away to leave the main camp.




***
Chapter 1777: Hell on Wheels.


***






In the morning, Rain crawled out of her tent feeling rested and refreshed. The sun had barely shown itself, rising above the distant horizon in all its pale glory — the world was still shrouded in darkness, but at least one could see where they were going.

One of the first things Rain had noticed after coming to Ravenheart was how darker the nights were in the Dream Realm, compared to NQSC. Out there in the waking world, humanity had long defeated and banished darkness from their homes, but here, it was still a tyrannical enemy.

«Ah… how cold.»

The main construction camp was already a hive of activity. The dead continued to toil silently in the distance, the sound of their tireless work reaching the small tent settlement like a persistent tide. By now, the road had extended far beyond the defensive palisade, so the whole camp would have to be moved soon — the road crews were nomadic in nature, following the roads they built.

The night shift laborers were returning to their tents, while those assigned to the day shift, like her, were waking up. The Awakened warriors guarding the camp were out on patrol, Food was being prepared, and oil lanterns were being put out.

Everyone was getting ready for a new day of work.

Rain yawned, rubbed her eyes, and walked slowly to the communal washroom.

Mercifully enough, the female laborers had a separate space to maintain hygiene, and since most of the hired laborers consisted of men, it was not too overcrowded. Still, there were whispers behind her back — Rain's body, after all, was a sight to behold… meaning that it was a bit scary to see, since she had never gotten the chance to visit a healer after slaying the Huntsman.

The bruises had mostly faded by now, but during her first few days on the road crew, her skin was as black and blue as it was fair and white. The bandages she wore to cover the cut on her side weren't bloody anymore, either. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. The female laborers were more relaxed around her, but still a little wary.

Rain washed her face, brushed her teeth, and shivered miserably from the cold for a while. Then, wide awake, she returned to her tent and put her jacket on.

The breakfast was just as tasteless as the supper had been, but at least it was prepared from actual ingredients, not synthpase — the volcanic soil around Ravenheart was extremely fertile, so the harvests from the fields were enough to not only feed the entire city, but also supply the other settlements of the Song Domain with food.

Rain ate in solitude, since no one was brave enough to approach her. The male laborers often threw furtive glances her way, but shyly kept their distance. She did not know what was so frightening about her, really… maybe it was the sharp and feral aura of an abomination hunter, or the dark circles that were constantly under her eyes because of the lack of sleep.

She didn't mind sitting alone in the canteen, anyway. At least it gave her the chance to converse secretly with her teacher.

«Listen, Rain… I know that killing people is generally frowned upon. But if you want to strangle the sorry excuse for a cook they have in charge of the camp kitchen, I won't judge…»

Rain raised a tin cup, hiding her lips behind it, and answered quietly:

«Is that something you should be teaching your student, teacher? How to murder people?»

Her shadow remained silent for a while, then asked in a tone of confusion:

«Yes? What's wrong with a little murder?»

Rain exhaled slowly.

«I won't be killing the camp cook, thank you…»

Finishing her meal, she walked out of the canteen and headed for the crew management wagon.

On the way, Rain passed a team of tranquil corpses who were carrying sacks of gravel, once again feeling as if she had somehow ended up in hell. Then, she crossed the finished section of the road and paused for a few moments, looking down.

A small smile found its way onto her face.

Rain had enlisted as a road crew laborer out of necessity, but after spending some time at the wandering camp…

She realized that he liked it here a lot.

It was a bit magical, to see a beautiful road appear out of nowhere in the dreadful wilderness of the Dream Realm. Like watching order and the human spirit triumph over chaos.

The road itself was an engineering marvel, as well.

Rain's father worked for the government, dealing with the complicated logistics that went into making it function. He rarely brought his work home, and yet, she had a better understanding of how wondrous the infrastructure of the world was than most of her peers.

Before the Dark Times, humans often admired the so-called wonders of the world — grand structures that defied imagination. However, Rain was of the opinion that the greatest thing that humanity had built, by far, rarely received any attention.

It was the network of roads that used to connect all the cities of the waking world, enveloping it like a planet-sized spider web. The scale of it was almost unfathomable… and that was just the physical scale. The role it played for the infrastructure of the world, the amount of goods and people being transported over those roads every day, was even more unimaginable.

Of course, that era was long gone. Most of the waking world had been lost, and most of the roads that the humans had built were destroyed. These days, only a scattering of reinforced railroads and easily defendable highways remained, connecting the walled cities of humanity together.

There were fewer of them being used each year.

That was why Rain felt glad to have joined the road construction camp. The road was being built right in front of her eyes, and she found herself deeply excited by the building process. The engineering, the logistics, the problem solving… all of it was both fascinating and wonderful.

The wide cobbled road appearing as a palpable, undeniable result of it all was a joy to behold. Building things spoke to something buried deep in her heart.

It was sort of like the soul core that she was creating, one grain of sand at a time.

That was why Raun spent all of her free time which there wasn't a lot of — observing every part of the construction process, from the way laborers were managed to the way the dead lay layers of sand, gravel, and crushed rock in the dug trench before cobblers got to work.

It was to the point that she was a little reluctant to leave the main construction camp behind, even if it resembled a wandering hell.

However…

There was more to building a road than simply constructing it. The other assignments were also part of the process. So, she was curious about them, too.

Enjoying the solid feel of the paved stones under her boots, Rain crossed the pristine road and entered the northern part of the camp.

It was much different from the chaotic settlement where the laborers lived. Here, the tents were much larger and more luxurious, and there were even a few semi-permanent buildings with wooden walls. Everything seemed cleaner and more orderly.

That was where Awakened and the managers lived and worked.

The crew management office was actually a huge wagon with a two-level wooden building constructed on it. When the camp migrated, it was pulled along the newly constructed section of the road by two enormous Echoes, but now that the camp was stationary, the wagon was simply standing there.

Rain took a deep breath.

«Hopefully, I can get a new assignment today!»

She was quite hopeful.




***
Chapter 1778: Survey Team.


***






A familiar road manager was leaning on the side of the wagon, drinking a cup of coffee and watching the sun rise. Noticing Rain, he spared her a crooked smile.

«Ah. It's you again, Rani.»

Rain almost stumbled.

«Damn.»

Rani is what she was known as on the road crew. Since she was hiding here, using her own name would have been silly… the problem was that Rain had not thought about that right until the moment she was asked to introduce herself.

So, put on the spot, she had failed to come up with anything and mumbled the first thing that entered her mind.

Which was why her teacher had mocked her relentlessly for a whole week.

«No, really? Rani? The best you could do was shift two letters around? I just can't… gods, everything I've been through, and I'll die of laughter…»

Rain had endured the mockery for as long as she could, and then kindly reminded her teacher that he went around calling himself Shadow.

So, he wasn't in a position to critique her naming sense, was he?

That, luckily, had shut him up.

In any case, by now, she was more or less accustomed to responding to «Rani.»

Which was not to say that she wasn't embarrassed every time she heard it.

«Good morning, chief.»

The man stared at her for a few moments, then sighed.

«Listen, Rani… I get it, the pay in the advanced camps is higher. But what's the use of having money if you are dead? It's quite dangerous out there, you know! A young girl like you should just stay here in the main camp. Actually, even the main camp is not a good place. If my daughter wanted to come here from Ravenheart, I would have locked her up.»

He took a sip of coffee and shook his head.

«Why don't you change your mind?»

Rain gave him her best smile.

«Still, chief… I hear they are establishing a new camp soon. Please reassign me.»

He grimaced.

«I'm sorry. Actually, all the spots are already filled… it's a tough job, especially now that we are so far away from Ravenheart. We have strict orders to prioritize the strongest and most resilient recruits for these postings.»

Seeing that her expression fall, the manager hesitated for a few moments, then let out a heavy sigh.

«Okay, okay… I'll help you out. Just don't pout Rain blinked a couple of times.»

«I… I'm not pouting!»

The man laughed.

«Sure, right. Anyway, I can't get you a spot in an advanced camp, but if you just want to get out of the main construction crew and make some extra money, there's another assignment coming up.»

Her eyes glistened.

«Really?»

He looked around cautiously, then leaned forward a little:

«I'm only telling you this because you're a good kid and might be suitable for the task. There's a new survey team being formed. The core of the team are Awakened warriors, of course, but they need mundane porters, as well as someone to tend to their daily needs… wash the dishes, patch up tents, stuff like that.»

The manager paused for a moment, then added quietly:

«Since survey teams are small and can move freely, It's not as dangerous as staying at an advanced camp. Usually, I would still recommend strong men for the position, but this team is a bit special. It is actually run by a young lady from a Legacy Clan, so… I thought that having a girl of similar age there would be of help.»

He looked at Rain and smiled:

«Play your cards right, Rani, and you might even end up as a retainer of the Legacy clan! Legacies can be snobbish, but still. It's a good opportunity for simple folk like us.»

She hesitated for a moment, then grinned.

«Survey team? That's great! Thank you, chief!»

Survey teams were just what they sounded like they were small reconnaissance groups exploring the wilderness to map out the best route for the road to take. Of course, the nature of the job was quite peculiar here in the Dream Realm, where different regions could have entirely different terrain, climate, geology, sky, and even unique laws of physics.

More than that, the survey teams were not only meant to study the landscape, but also to scout out the Nightmare Creatures populating it. If there were especially dangerous abominations ahead, the road would be rerouted to avoid their hunting grounds.

Rain's grin wavered a little.

The road manager meant well… but he clearly knew close to nothing about the Dream Realm. A survey team seemed like a safer bet to him, but actually, there was probably no assignment more dangerous in the road crew.

No wonder they put an actual Legacy in charge of it.

Still… Rain could take care of herself better than any other mundane person here. Plus, being on a survey team was even better for her than running to an advanced camp — the fewer people were around her, the lesser was the possibility of being discovered.

So, this opportunity was a godsend.

Rain gave the road manager a thumbs-up.

«I won't forget it! I'll treat you to something nice once my team returns, chief!»

The man chuckled.

«Yeah, yeah. Just return in one piece, girl… that will be the best gratitude.»

With that, he pointed her to a certain tent in the northern part of the camp and said wistfully:

«Go gather your things and report there by the time the morning shift is supposed to start work. I'll do the paperwork by then.»

Rain thanked the road manager and turned to leave. As she was walking away, he called out to her.

«May the Queen's grace protect you!»

She halted for a moment.

«Uh… yeah, Thanks, You too!»

It felt weird to see how readily the settlers accepted Queen Song as not only their ruler, but also a… a surrogate goddess, of sorts, Sure, the Sovereigns possessed unimaginable power — Saints were already called demigods at times, and the Supremes were far above them in all regards.

But, still… Ki Song was just a human, just like the rest of them. So was the King of Swords. Watching people treat them with religious zeal made Rain a little uncomfortable.

She wasn't really sure why, since most of them were still good people. It was just that there was an inevitable element of surrendering your own judgment when one acted with blind faith… and if you followed someone blindly, who was to say that they would not lead you into a dark place?

On the other hand, perhaps it was only logical that the people of the Song Domain treated their Queen as a deity. Most of them were only alive because of her grace, after all, and would be swallowed by the Nightmare Spell without her. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. From the point of view of a mundane person, her vast power would indeed seem godlike.

Gathering her pack, Rain asked thoughtfully:

«Teacher… can a person become a god?»

Her shadow moved slightly.

«That's an unexpected question.»

He lingered for a few moments, then said neutrally:

«Sure, It's possible.»

Rain continued to gather her things, thinking that his answer was over.

But then, her teacher added suddenly:

«Not only is it possible, it is also necessary.»

Rain stopped what she was doing and looked at her shadow in surprise.

«What's that supposed to mean?»

He remained silent for a while, then laughed.

«It means just that. Why, do you feel insecure? Alright, alright… I won't insist that you become a goddess… just yet. But honestly, for a student of mine to aim any lower is a bit shameful…»

She stared at the shadow for a while, then scoffed and turned back to her pack.

«…Why did I even ask?!»

Rain was pretty sure that becoming a deity was not in the cards for her.

However, with such a teacher… she definitely had a chance of developing divine patience.




***
Chapter 1779: Leaving the main camp.


***






Rain was used to spending time in the wilderness, so it did not take her a long time to pack her things and take down the tent. Her bow was unstrung and attached to the pack, and so were her quiver and sword — usually, she would have kept the weapons on the ready, but since there would be a cohort of Awakened leading the survey team, it was better to keep a low profile.

There weren't a lot of mundane people who habitually hunted Nightmare Creatures, and since Rain was supposed to be hiding, she didn't want to attract undue attention. 

Saying goodbye to the few acquaintances she had made in the main camp, she hurried to the tent the road manager had mentioned.

Rain felt both relieved and a little wistful, knowing that she might never see this place again.

As she was nearing the large tent, there was the sound of several voices. Her teacher suddenly mumbled something from the shadows:

«No, it can't be… can it? Curses, it is! Damn, I knew this would happen!»

He sounded alarmed.

She slowed down and stared at her shadow in confusion.

«Teacher, is something the matter?»

He remained silent for a few moments, then said in a grave tone:

«Rain, I need you to listen to me very carefully She tensed, overcome by sudden fear, Her teacher, meanwhile, continued somberly.»

«There is a guy named Ray in that tent. Keep away from him… at all costs! Don't talk to him, don't listen to him… better yet, don't even look at him. Treat him like he has the plague. Do you understand? Nod if you understand!»

Rain stared at her shadow in bewilderment.

«W-why? Is he some kind of terrible fiend? Is he v-very dangerous?»

Her shadow stirred.

«Yes! Very, very dangerous! And he is something way worse than a terrible fiend…»

His voice shook with some dark, chilling emotion.

«…He's a male teenager! So, keep your distance, alright? Nod if you understand!»

Rain blinked a couple of times.

«Huh?»

Her teacher hissed.

«What are you spacing out for? I said to nod if you understood. Why aren't you nodding?»

She took a deep breath, holding back many unflattering words.

«What on earth, teacher… you scared the hell out of me.»

He scoffed derisively.

«You should be scared! A guy like that is a deadly threat for sheltered young ladies.»

Rain remained silent for a while, then looked down at herself.

Rugged leather clothes, a body covered by bruises, dirty bandages hiding a barely healed cut on her side, calloused hands…

Where were these sheltered young ladies her teacher was talking about?

Shaking her head, she exhaled slowly and resumed walking.

«Got it. I'll keep that in mind.»

«Crazy bastard.»

Her shadow followed.

«Hey! I didn't see you nod!»

Ignoring him, Rain approached the tent, knocked on the door post, and entered.

The spacious tent was a completely different beast from her own. The tent Rain used was meant for one person to sleep in, while this one was basically a small building. There were several compartments, field furniture, and one could stand Inside without bending their back.

At the moment, there were about a dozen mundane humans gathered near the entrance, all laborers like her — most of them were men, but there were a couple tough-looking women as well.

In the open space in front of them, four people were having a quiet conversation. Rain didn't need to look twice to know that they were Awakened.

One was a delicate young woman with fair skin and red hair, wearing a beautiful silk robe. One was a young man in leather armor, who was leaning on a table with a sullen expression. The third one… was clearly the Legacy.

She was a young woman with tan skin and strange ashen hair, wearing an intricate suit of full plate armor forged from lustrous steel. Her expression was serious, and her gaze was sharp.

Of course, all three were undeniably gorgeous, like all Awakened were.

It was the fourth person that drew all attention, though.

Rain held her breath.

There, in front of her, a stunningly beautiful woman in modest red garments was addressing the young Legacy… a Master. And not just any Master, but one of the Blood Sisters — an elite group of Ascended who served Saint Seishan, and had come from the Forgotten Shore with her.

She was saying in a husky tone:

«…Time is of the essence, Lady Tamar, However, you must be careful. Do not get too close to the Hand, and whatever you do, do not cross the realm boundary: You should know the consequences. Be well, and I hope to see you again in two weeks.»

The Legacy nodded.

«With the mape you provided, there should not be any problem. Please relay my gratitude to the Saint.»

The beautiful Master bowed slightly and left, not sparing the mundane humans even a glance.

There were a few moments of silence, and then, the Legacy turned to them. Her expression seemed dark

«Gods…»

She was a baby!

All three of them were. None of the three Awakened was older than eighteen… Rain wasn't that far in terms of age, but she felt old and wizened when looking at them.

The Legacy frowned, then said coldly:

«I am Tamar of Sorrow. These are my companions, Awakened Ray and Awakened Fleur. You should have been told about the nature of the task… our goal is to conduct the final survey of the environment for the last stretch of the Eastern Road. We will depart in two hours.»

Rain studied Lady Tamar with curiosity. She didn't seem especially mean, but definitely had a severe personality. Although… considering her age, she must have Just Awakened recently. This survey was most likely the first mission she had received as an Awakened, so the young Legacy was definitely under tremendous pressure to perform well. Perhaps that was the reason for her harshness.

«Great.»

Well, it didn't matter too much. Rain was not planning on following the road manager's advice to gain the girl's friendship and affection during the journey — she did not need another benefactor. In fact, dealing with the one she had was already testing the limits of her patience.

It was far more likely that she would barely exchange a few words with the proud Legacy in the next few weeks.

Awakened Tamar, meanwhile, briefly addressed each of the mundane laborers to learn their names and evaluate their character.

She reached Rain last and stopped in front of her.

«Name?» 

Rain answered respectfully without looking the Legacy in the eyes:

«Rani.»

At that, Tamar was supposed to move on. However, she lingered for a moment and looked at Rain's pack.

Then, she asked unexpectedly:

«How good are you with that bow?»

Rain finally looked directly at the leader of the survey team and smiled faintly.

«I'm decent.»

The Legacy frowned.

«What about that sword?»

For a moment, Rain had a ridiculous thought of saying something outrageous, like that she was probably a better swordsman than the three of the young Awakened combined.

For some unknown reason, she wanted to brag when stared down by the beautiful Legacy girl.

Instead, she said simply:

«I can handle it fine.»

Finally, Tamar studied her clothes.

«Do you have experience trekking in the wilderness?»

Rain nodded.

«Some.»

The Awakened girl sighed, then finally looked away.

«Good. I was wondering why they sent someone that young, but it seems that you are not completely helpless… Rani. Don't slow us down.»

Rain suddenly wanted to laugh.

How could that baby-faced Awakened call someone too young with a straight face? Legacy training was someone else, indeed!

Of course, she didn't laugh.

Instead, she bowed slightly.

«Ah, yes, Lady Tamar. I'll do my best.»

Two hours later, the departed the main camp and set out into the wilderness.




***
Chapter 1780: Moonriver Plain.


***






The Eastern Road had been built incredibly fast. By now, it reached far from Ravenheart, entering a new region of the Dream Realm.

The mountains were out of sight, and there was no ash falling from the sky. There was no human presence, either the barren wasteland stretched as far as the eye could see, with rolling hills and deep canyons breaking the landscape here and there.

Sometimes, without any warning, the deep canyons would suddenly let out a low, weeping roar. Then, they would overflow with rushing water and turn into countless rivers. Those rivers eventually merged far to the south, forming the Great Waterfall. 

Since the cliffs of the waterfall resembled a beautiful face from a certain angle, especially under moonlight, it was also often called the Weeping Goddess.

That was where the Citadel of Clan Sorrow stood.

Clan Sorrow was an old one, and held a special position in the Song Domain — that was because the lake below the waterfall, known as the Lake of Tears, gave birth to a great river, which was similarly called the River of Tears. That river flowed through several regions of the Dream Realm, serving as a waterway for the Song Domain, while its estuary was on the dusky shores of the Stormsea.

Its significance had always been great, but now that isolated Citadels were turning into thriving cities, the importance of the River of Tears as the connective tissue of the Song Domain was impossible to underestimate.

The Citadel of Clan Sorrow was perched on the cliffs of the Great Waterfall, while the city it now governed was below it, on the shores of the Lake of Tears. It was now an important logistical hub…

Well, at least that was what Rain had heard. She had never been there herself, of course.

In any case, the great waterfall and the homestead of young Lady Tamar were far to the south. What concerned Rain now were the deep canyons they had to cross.

The area they were traversing was an inhospitable place. The soil was rocky, and the sun was small and distant. There was little snow, but the air was frigid and cold. There were ancient ruins here and there, rising from the ground like forlorn obelisks to the meaninglessness of life. All in all, it was a bleak land.

It transformed at night, though, because there were three beautiful moons illuminating the starlit sky. That was the first time Rain had seen such an alien sight, so she was both awed and impressed.

There was little time to enjoy the view, though, because the Moonriver Plain was quite dangerous.

This far from Ravenheart, the wilderness was not thoroughly tamed. There were plenty of Nightmare Creatures stalking the deep canyons and nesting in the old ruins. The terrain itself was treacherous, as well, because one had to be careful not to plummet into the cavernous fissures or be swept away by the sudden appearance of the rushing rivers.

There had been stone bridges built over the canyons once, but most of them long collapsed. The road crew would have to build new ones to lay down the road, which was why the construction had slowed down as of late.

Still… there was nothing but Death Zones east of the Moonriver Plain, so it wasn't hard to guess that the road crew would finish its work soon. Rain was still unclear on why Queen Song wanted to build a road to a dead end, but she was not in a position to ask questions.

In short, the survey team was struggling to make progress.

It consisted of a dozen mundane porters, several survey specialists, three Awakened, one Ascended Echo, and one dead pilgrim.

Rain's job was to help push the carts with survey equipment during the day, and do camp chores at night. It could have been exhausting, but the constant need to cross the canyons gave her plenty of time to rest.

In fact, Rain might have been the most comfortable of the survey team members.

Everyone else was constantly suffering. Their boots were wet, their feet were blistered, they were either too cold or too hot, their bodies were tired from the strain of climbing over the canyons… but to her, it was like a relaxed walk. A vacation, really — doing construction work at the main camp had been much more exhausting.

Her clothes and equipment were perfectly suited for the journey due to her rich experience of hunting abominations in the wild. She was relaxed and comfortable, enjoying the forgiving pace and light responsibilities of a mundane porter.

There was no need to fight any Nightmare Creatures, even!

The few times the survey team was attacked, the three young Awakened had dealt with the danger confidently. Despite the small size of their cohort, they were well-matched to face the dangers of the Dream Realm.

The guy her teacher had warned her about, Ray, could hide his presence and even turn invisible. That alone allowed them to deal with most abominations safely.

Young Lady Tamar, meanwhile, possessed a powerful combat Aspect and served as the bulwark of the small cohort, Her Memories were also of a higher quality than most Awakened would have access to, which helped her excel in her role as a melee specialist.

The delicate girl, Fleur, was even a healer. Her Dormant Aspect Ability could alleviate fatigue, while her Awakened Ability could stem bleeding and speed up the healing process.

And when the three faced something out of their league, the Ascended Echo was there to level the playing field.

The Echo looked like a giant, monstrous wolf, and was a gift Tamar had received from her clan. Rain wasn't sure about the Class of the creature, but it seemed ferocious enough to deal with most threats they had faced so far.

So, Rain could just relax and enjoy her role as a helpless mundane girl.

Of course, she continued to work on her soul core at night.

By now, controlling her essence had become quite familiar to her. She was also constantly practicing to make her control more fine and precise… turning the flow of essence into a raging whirlpool was still hard and exhausting, both physically and mentally, but she wasn't as drained after each meditation as she had been before.

She could also feel her body slowly growing stronger, as if benefitting from the constant flow of essence, It was a tiny difference, but a rewarding one, since it indicated that she was making progress. 

If there was one thing Rain felt worried about, it was her teacher.

Although he didn't really show it, she could tell that he was tense, for some reason. He hid deeply in her shadow and didn't talk much, especially when the dead pilgrim was close by, but more than that… when he did speak, he tried to hurry her more insistently than ever before.

It was as though her Awakening was suddenly an urgent matter.

«I'm already trying as hard as I can…» 

Feeling sullen, Rain pushed one of the carts across the barren wasteland. The day was coming to an end, so they would stop soon.

And just as she thought about it, Awakened Fleur commanded the survey team to stop.

She looked ahead, where another canyon barred their way, and sighed.

«We will camp here tonight.»




***
Chapter 1781: Don't Shoot the Messenger.


***






There were food rations in one of the carts, but Lady Tamar had also slain an Awakened Monster in the morning. There had been enough time for Rain to harvest a slab of meat before the survey team continued on Its Journey, so now, she was ready to cook a delicious supper.

Although the team wasn't big, there was a clear separation between people. The Awakened mostly kept to themselves, the survey specialists did the same, and the porters generally stuck together.

Right now, they were gathered around a fire, watching Rain roast meat with gleaming eyes.

«Wait, wait, everyone… it will be done soon! We're having a feast tonight!»

She grinned and turned the juicy strips of meat, making the melted fat sizzle. A delicious aroma permeated the air.

One of the laborers laughed.

«Rani, kid… if I was thirty years younger, I would have married you right here and now. No questions asked.»

One of the tough women from the road crew gave him a disdainful look.

«Old goat, what makes you think that you would have been worthy of marrying our Rani? Dream on!»

She put her hand around Rain's shoulder protectively.

«On that note, though… I know for a fact that you have a bottle of arak hidden in your pack. Come one, bring it out…»

The mood was light and warm. Rain was the youngest of the laborers, so they treated her with a bit of affection. The women especially tried to take care of her like concerned aunts.

So, feeding them today was her way of returning the favor.

While the man went to take out the bottle of moonshine from his pack, the woman let go of Rain and looked at the sizzling meat hungrily.

Then, she said in a tone of confusion:

«I must say, though… that's a peculiar pan you have there, Rani.»

Rain grinned.

«Yeah? You think so, auntie?»

Well, it was true. After all, she was using the blade of the Huntsman's axe as a makeshift pan.

The thing was too heavy to use in battle and too precious to discard. However, it was just large enough to place over a fire… the green metal was slow to heat up, but cooked meat beautifully. So, she used it often to prepare her meals.

Rain clicked her tongue.

«It used to be a demon's weapon. A handy thing to have — doesn't rust, easy to wash, and I can split firewood with it at the same time. I was so lucky to pick it up!»

The laborers laughed.

By the time the first portion of the meat was ready, even the survey specialists were looking at them with envy. Rain passed the strips of meat around and placed the second portion on the green axe.

There was food, a bit of alcohol, and a warm fire. The three moons shone beautifully in the night sky, and the mundane humans huddled together in the circle of light, trying to distract themselves from the fear of the wilderness with conversation.

«Hey, Pill… you only arrived from Ravenheart two days before we departed the main camp, didn't you? What did you do before?»

A bearded man with harsh eyes scratched the back of his head.

«Before? Ah, well… I was an air filtration tech back in Antarctica. No need to filter air in the Dream Realm, though, so I just worked construction here and there for the last few years.»

He hesitated for a moment, then added with a sheepish smile. 

«My wife and I wanted to save some coin, then move south and open a shop in one of the smaller cities, before they really developed. How great would it be, to have a store in a central location? But it's not easy to save.  lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. That's why I signed up for the road crew, The pay here is too sweet to pass up.»

The others laughed.

«I used to be a civil engineer in Antarctica.»

«I ran a small luxury PTV factory.»

«Rich bastards, I was a floor cleaner in an underground facility in the outskirts of NQSC!»

«What about you, Rani?»

Rain opened her eyes wide and fluttered her eyelashes.

«Me? Oh… I went to school.»

The laborers stared at her for a few moments, then laughed again.

«Gods, she's a baby…»

«How did such a precious girl end up on a road crew?»

«What do you mean, our Rani is tough as nails… tougher than the bunch of us, at least!»

When the laughter died down, the woman who had hugged her before looked at the newcomer, Pill, and asked with curiosity:

«What's the latest news in Ravenheart, by the way?»

There were no communicators in the Dream Realm, so the common folk had no way of receiving information quickly, There was little entertainment, as well, and everyone suffered from boredom.

Having arrived from the capital of the Song Domain recently, Pill was understandably the center of attention.

However, he did not seem very excited despite the situation.

Sighing heavily, the bearded man shook his head.

«That… things aren't very good right now. I don't even know what to say. It's like everyone has gone crazy.»

The laborers looked at him in confusion.

«What? Why? What happened?»

Rain listened with interest, as well.

Pill hesitated for a few moments.

«You must have heard that some psycho tried to kill Lady Changing Star, right? That was already terrible enough, but now… you won't believe it… those scumbags from the Sword Domain are trying to insinuate that it was the Queen who ordered it.»

There was suddenly silence.

The laborers stared at the bearded man, their expressions a mixture of confusion, disbelief, and outrage.

«No…. no way. What are they, lunatics? Why would Her Majesty want to kill Lady Changing Star?»

«What the hell is going on in the Sword Domain?»

«You can't be serious, right?»

Pill let out another sigh.

«Yeah, I get it. It's ridiculous. Actually, everyone in Ravenheart is angry about that.»

He paused for a few moments, then pursed his lips.

«But it's true. They actually had the gall to demand that Saint Silent Stalker and Master Dar of the Maharana Clan were handed to them. For interrogation».




***
Chapter 1782: Heirs of War.


***






Even Rain was stunned to hear that.

It was news to her that someone had tried to kill Lady Nephis. Was there really such an idiot in the world? That woman had survived the Forgotten Shore, conquered the Second Nightmare as a Sleeper, Transcendent during the Chain of Nightmares, fought against Great abominations side by side with the King of Swords, and triumphed in countless terrible battles as a Saint.

There were literally only two people in two worlds who were harder to kill than her.

But the fact that Clan Valor was trying to openly accuse Clan Song of the assassination attempt was even crazier. Not only that, but they were asking the Queen to surrender one of her daughters and a Master from a vassal clan. There was no way that she would agree… what were the rulers of the Sword Domain thinking?

The whole situation seemed… incongruous. Rain had a feeling that she was dreaming, since reality simply couldn't be like that. It was just too irrational.

Then, a spark of anger ignited in her heart.

«Just which bastard tried to harm Lady Nephis? And who do these Valor people think they are, accusing the Song Domain of something that terrible?»

However, that spark of anger was quickly extinguished. She knew how rumors and propaganda worked, so she wouldn't allow her feelings to be manipulated that easily without knowing all the facts.

There was an unpleasant residue left in its wake, though. Rain was quite fond of Ravenheart and the people she knew there. Even though she was a little distant from most because of her government family and the secret she was keeping, they were still her friends and neighbours. She felt like a part of a wonderful community… it didn't feel nice to see that community being falsely accused of something appalling and dirty.

The rest of the laborers were even less composed. Their gazes grew darker.

«Those Valor bastards have lost their minds. How dare they try to take Lady Silent Stalker?»

«They've been trying to suppress our Song Domain from the very start. Do they think that we'll just roll over?»

«Gods, I never took those rumors seriously, but what if they had really been taken over by the Skinwalker?»

«Maybe Changing Star staged the whole thing herself…»

«No way! Lady Nephis would never participate in such a vile scheme!»

«But.., but what if Skinwalker took her, too…»

«Silence.»

That last shout did not come from the laborers.

Turning slightly, Rain saw young Lady Tamar standing a few meters away, looking at them with a grim expression. Her eyes were so dark that it was a little scary.

The healer, Fleur, was standing behind her, trying to pull her away.

«Tamar, calm down… they didn't mean it.»

But the Legacy simply ignored her attempts to discharge the situation and took a step forward.

Coming closer to their fire, Tamar studied them with a heavy look. Her gaze lingered for a moment on the empty bottle of alcohol, and then, she shook her head.

«Do you think that you can just run your mouths freely?»

Her tone was harsh. 

«You are people of the Song Domain. Everything you say reflects on the dignity of the Queen. Is it fun to slander people who selflessly fight for the safety and prosperity of humanity?   lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. Who gave you the right to throw baseless accusations?»

Pill, who had caused the entire outburst, coughed awkwardly.

«We… we are sorry, my lady, But the Sword Domain, they really went too far! It's not just us who feel that way. Everyone in Ravenheart is… well, people are offended.»

Tamar stared at him silently for a moment, then scowled.

«You can have an opinion about Clan Valor, However… Lady Changing Star would have never done something like that. She is not a vessel of Skinwalker, either! So don't go around saying dirty things about her. Understand?»

The laborers seemed to shrink under her scathing gaze.

«Y-yes, my lady… we were wrong.»

Fleur finally managed to drag Tamar away, and they relaxed a little.

After a bit of silence, one of them said:

«Still. Lady Changing Star is indeed righteous and honorable. But, hell… she might very well be the only decent person in the Sword Domain…»

«Yeah. Those people… damn, are they even people? I bet they were the ones who tried to kill her, to begin with.»

«How terrible…»

Rain frowned and concentrating on roasting the meat.

Some time later, she crawled into her tent and lay silently in the darkness for a while, mustering mental strength to continue forming the soul core.

After a while, she asked quietly:

«Teacher… do you think Lady Nephis is alright?»

A subdued chuckle came from the darkness.

«Is she alright? You bet. Why, I just saw her recently… we went for a picnic, watched a play, and shared tender moments at sunset…»

Rain scoffed. She had no energy to react to his nonsense, though.

Eventually, she said:

«I… don't like where this is going. It has always been a bit strange how eagerly people villainized the Sword Domain. But, how can I put it? Now, it doesn't seem like simple talk. It's like they all forget that both Domains are made of people, not just one.»

Her teacher remained silent for a while.

Rain thought that he wasn't going to answer, but then the darkness asked suddenly:

«Where do you think this road is going?»

She was confused.

«Huh?»

«…East?»

He sighed.

«And what is east of here?»

Rain frowned.

Nothing. There was nothing east of here, only the Death Zones.

But, beyond them…

Her eyes widened a little.

«The Sword Domain?»

Her teacher spoke in a light tone, his voice barely audible in the small tent.

«That's right. You've been admiring the road construction, haven't you? Going on and on about roads, infrastructure, civilization, and so on. I agree, actually, it's kind of neat. The funny thing is, the technology Clan Song is using to build roads is based on how people in the waking world used to do it a long time ago, before the Dark Times.»

Rain raised an eyebrow.

«Really? I didn't know.»

Well, it made sense. A lot of modern technology did not work in the Dream Realm. So, the actual ways things were built here was a strange mixture of adapted modern engineering, Awakened powers, and dated methods from the ancient times.

It was a bit like reverse spelltech.

Her teacher sighed.

«Yeah. There was an empire once that excelled in building roads. But, Rain… the main reason they built such excellent roads was not for trade, transportation of goods, or development of civilization.»

His voice grew a little wistful:

«They built them to speed up the deployment of troops. Because soldiers could march faster on paved roads than they would on dirt roads, or across wilderness. The main engine of progress, technology, and craft has always been war.»

Rain lay in the darkness, suddenly feeling cold.

«Are… are you trying to say… that there will be a war? Between Song and Valor?»

Her teacher lingered with an answer.

However, in the end, she heard exactly what she was afraid to hear:

«The war between Song and Valor has already begun. Back in Antarctica, during the Chain of Nightmares. It's just that now… now, it is going to start in earnest. That is why Ki Song is in such a hurry to finish the Eastern Road.»

He chuckled.

«…Why, it's quite fitting, if you think about it. We come from the realm of War, after all. So, now that we are leaving that realm behind, the first thing we do in a new world is wage a war. To see who is fit to sit on its throne.»

Rain did not answer, stunned by what he had said. The revelation was too vast and too dire to comprehend. A storm of fragmented thoughts raged in her mind, but none came to its surface.

Then, the darkness spoke in a soft voice:

«What are you doing? Come one, start circulating your essence, The sooner you start, the sooner you'll be able to get some rest. And you really need to rest.»

Rain flinched, then turned on her back and stared at the roof of the tent.

«…Is that why you've been hurrying me? So that I Awakened before the war starts?»

Her teacher answered quietly:

«Yes. You have to Awaken soon. Otherwise, it will be hard for me to protect you.»

He remained silent for a few moments, and then added smugly:

«But if you don't, that's not a problem either. Your teacher is awesome enough to protect you anyway… hard is hard, not impossible.»

Rain knew that he had a habit of inventing outrageous lies. So, taking his claims seriously was probably unwise…

And yet, for some reason, his boastful words calmed her, dousing the anxious flames that burned in her heart.

Letting out a sigh, she closed her eyes and concentrated on controlling essence.




***
Chapter 1783: Peaceful days.


***






The survey team moved east at a steady pace. Of course, they weren't going in a straight line — instead, they explored the Moonriver Plain, making frequent stops to let the specialists ascertain the terrain and compare the landscape with the rough map provided by the Song clan.

The specialists took some time to unload their equipment from the carts, leaving the heavy lifting to the porters. The Awakened stood guard and summoned several specially provided Memories to divine a few details that mundane equipment wasn't able to pick up.

The team left colorful flags in its wake, which would serve as a guideline for the road crew later.

At times, the entire group made camp to let Awakened Ray scout out those areas that could pose special danger, like the ruins of ancient cities. His Aspect was uniquely suited for this kind of task — although the young man was not especially lethal in direct combat, his abilities allowed the survey team to only consist of three Awakened instead of a dozen or more.

Awakened Fleur was similarly indispensable. Her Aspect was responsible for the startling speed with which the team was covering distance — not only could she help everyone recover their stamina, but the scrapes and wounds received in the rare skirmishes with the Nightmare Creatures were quickly healed.

If anything, it was Tamar of Sorrow that seemed to bring the least to the table. However, that was merely an illusion — because it was the young Legacy who took point when things did not go according to plan.

Ray's Aspect was mostly useful for avoiding trouble, while Fleur could resolve the dire consequences. However, it was the unexpected and the inevitable that was not only the most common, but also the deadliest threat in the Dream Realm. Whenever the survey team faced unexpected danger, it was Tamar's sword that dealt with it.

…But, all in all, there weren't that many unfortunate accidents. Rain had expected that she would have to string her bow sooner or later, but it stayed safely attached to her pack — at least for now.

She continued to work on forming her soul core in peace.

In fact… strangely enough, her life as Rani was much more peaceful than her life as Rain. It was not only because she didn't have to hunt Nightmare Creatures anymore, but also because of the circumstances.

The wilderness was vast and tranquil, much different from the bustling liveliness of Ravenheart and the overcrowded sterility of NQSC, There was no everpresent noise, no familiar anxiety… no light pollution to dull the beautiful stars. The weather was harsh, but not nearly as oppressive as the murderous cold and searing heat of the ashen mountains.

Rain was enjoying herself. She quite liked walking across the desolate plain and feeling the cool wind play with her hair, watching the three moons travel across the velvet sky at night, and not having to worry about anything except for performing her work well and controlling the flow of essence.

The company wasn't bad, either. She was on friendly terms with most of the porters, who were all warm and nice people — the tough and prickly Elga, the somber and taciturn Pill, the former PTV magnate, “old goat” Carel…

The standoffish survey specialists lost most of their aloof attitude after a few days, and often joined them around the fire in the evening. Even the three Awakened became easier to talk to after everyone had grown a bit familiar with each other.

Despite the grim danger of exploring the wilderness, the mood of the survey team was strangely peaceful.

Sometimes, Rain felt like she was observing their small group from the side. In those moments, she was suddenly struck by the eerie dissonance between the peacefulness of their days… and the dark shadow of the approaching war.

She wondered who else knew that humanity would soon be embroiled in a mad, fratricidal conflict. The porters were completely oblivious to the darkness of the future, The survey specialists did not seem to know, either…

Tamar of Sorrow must have had some idea, though. As a Legacy, she would be aware of the growing tension between the two Domains — especially so because her clan oversaw the source of the Tear River. Clan Song must have been shifting resources closer to the future frontline for a while now, and much of that cargo had to have been transported over water.

It was unclear if she had shared her worries with Ray and Fleur, but the three seemed to be quite close. So, they must have known something.

And Rain knew most of all, thanks to her teacher.

«What am I going to do?»

She could not quite conceive the scale of the calamity, as well as the toll that the war would take on humans… everywhere. Humanity was too big, but more than that, Rain was even struggling to imagine what would happen to her personally.

Logically, she was one of the few people in the Dream Realm who did not need to worry about the conflict between Song and Valor too much — she was from a government family, after all, and the government had always maintained its neutrality. lіght

оvelerse~c`о/m. Even if Ravenheart was besieged and occupied by the Knights of Valor, her family's situation would most likely remain the same.

But then again… if the two Sovereigns clashed and one of them won, would there even be a government after that? If the war escalated, would anyone be able to afford remaining neutral? Would the newly established cities in the Dream Realm stay safe from the constant threat of Nightmare Creatures while most Awakened were busy fighting each other? 

All these questions gnawed at her at night, when she was alone in her tent.

Well… Rain was never truly alone, and her teacher did not seem concerned with the war at all.

«Of course he wouldn't be!»

The sinister shadow must have lived through thousands of wars… maybe even caused a good chunk of them personally!

One night, Rain couldn't keep quiet anymore and asked in a whisper:

«Teacher… aren't you worried about the war at all?»

He remained silent for longer than usual.

Eventually, she heard him sigh.

«Worried? Ah… not really. Life is war, you know. When you live long enough, you get used to such things.»

Rain frowned in the darkness.

«But you are so powerful. You destroyed the vessels of the Skinwalker easily, Don't you feel… even a little bit responsible? Aren't you going to do something?»

The darkness chuckled.

«Responsible? Well, I guess I do feel a little bit responsible, And who says that I'm not going to do something?»

Rain held her breath for a few moments.

«Teacher.. what are you going to do?»

He let out a contemplative sigh, and then laughed quietly.

«Ah, I'm not sure. Maybe I'll kill both Sovereigns and put someone dependable in charge of humanity. Or go bird hunting… or make waffles. Something like that.»

She stared into the darkness for a while, then scoffed.

«Well, good luck! I must say, though… for someone who hides from everyone in a young girl's shadow, teacher, you sure talk a big game…»

The darkness responded with appalled silence.

After a while, he hissed:

«Go to sleep, you ingrate! And for your information, I'm not hiding in your shadow! I'm just… taking temporary residence here! For convenience…»

Rain smiled and closed her eyes, hoping to fall asleep quickly.

The next day, they reached the boundary of the survey area.




***
Chapter 1784: Stairway to Heaven.


***






As they ventured further east, the Moonriver Plain started to change. There were fewer and fewer canyons in their way, and the air grew a little warmer. At night, the three beautiful moons seemed more distant.

The wind carried with it swirling black flakes. Rain did not need to touch them to know what they were… ash. It was as if they had returned to Ravenheart, but also different.

Back in the stronghold of Clan Song, the ash fell from the frigid sky because of the raging volcanoes. But here, it was somehow different, making Rain feel uncomfortable.

Eventually, the members of the survey team stopped. No one had given the command, but they simply froze in place, looking at the horizon in stunned silence.

«…Wow.»

Out there in front of them, far away… it seemed as if a snowy mountain chain was rising from the ashen haze. But as Rain studied the towering mountains closer, she couldn't help but feel a sense of incongruity. Because the shape was wrong.

Then, something clicked in her mind, and she opened her mouth in shock… or horror. Or awe.

The mountains weren't mountains at all. Instead, they were bones.

An inconceivably large skeleton lay on the ground in the distance, too large to be seen whole. What Rain had thought to be the slopes of a mountain chain were several titanic ribs, each rising into the sky like ivory pillars that supported its weight.

The skull of the unfathomable corpse was mercifully out of view. The closest group of bone mountains, however, extended far into the Moonriver Plain. It was also shaped strangely, consisting of five lower peaks. Beyond them, a wide ridge rose gradually to a great height, like an eerie stairway to heaven.

The five mountains were the phalanxes of the colossal skeleton's fingers, and the rising ridge were the bones of its arm.

One of the porters whispered quietly:

«G-gods…»

Rain remained silent, but she felt like uttering something like that herself. There were simply no words to describe her emotions.

Awakened Ray glanced at them and smiled faintly.

«Gods? A god, maybe. That is Godgrave ahead of us.»

The porters, who weren't very well-acquainted with the topography of the Dream Realm, looked at him in confusion.

He sighed.

«Godgrave is a Death Zone that serves as the north-eastern boundary of the Song Domain. It is a region of the Dream Realm where Great, Cursed, and maybe even Unholy abominations dwell. As for why it is called that… I think you can see for yourself. Nobody really knows what that terrible skeleton is, but it's easy to imagine that these are the remains of a god. Therefore… Godgrave.»

The porters shivered.

«Awakened Ray, sir… are we going there?»

Ray smiled, but it was Tamar, the leader of the survey team, who answered:

«No. Of course not. A Death Zone is not a place for humans. Even if we aren't devoured by some abominable horror, the land itself will kill us. Or the sky. More importantly than that…»

She glanced at the porters and the survey specialists.

«This is where the Song Domain ends. Queen Song's authority does not reach Godgrave, so you can't go there. As soon as you do, your souls won't be protected by the Queen's grace anymore, and you'll be summoned into the First Nightmare.»

She sighed.

«In short, our mission is complete. We will camp here and turn back tomorrow… returning to the main camp should not take us nearly as long as it took to come here, since we'll be going in a straight line, The marching will be more intense, so prepare yourselves!»

With that, she turned her back to the Incredible sight of the colossal bones, as if not at all impressed by it.

Rain suppressed the desire to scoff.

«That's a Legacy for you…»

Would it kill Tamar to act like a normal girl? No one could remain calm when witnessing something that unimaginable. Why did she feel the need to put on airs?

Lady Tamar wasn't exactly unpleasant… but she was definitely more than a little stuck-up. Rain, who was used to rolling in the dirt, couldn't help but be entertained by how laboriously the younger girl tried to maintain an austere facade.

She often felt a compulsion to mock the Legacy heiress mercilessly… well, or at least tease her a bit. Of course, she never did — Rain wasn't stupid enough to mock a Legacy.

Only a complete idiot would do something like that. Even the best outcome would be receiving a challenge to a duel…

The survey team made camp. Since it was the last day of their official duties, they made a larger fire than usual and roasted all their remaining monster meat. Even the three Awakened joined the rest of the team members, leaving the Echo to guard the camp.

Of course, the pilgrim did not join them, either. The dead man remained standing at the edge of the camp, emotionless and unfeeling, staring into the darkness with his glassy eyes.

It was a bit creepy to be in his presence, but the members of the survey team had long learned to ignore the dead man.

This time, it was Awakened Fleur who cooked for everyone. Her easy smile and friendly demeanor put everyone at ease, so the conversation flowed freely.

«Oh… Lady Tamar… if you don't mind me asking…»

Carel, the old goat, was uncharacteristically shy in front of the young Legacy. He mumbled something quietly, and asked in a cautious tone:

«I couldn't help but notice that you weren't very impressed by that huge skeleton. Have you seen Godgrave before?»

Tamar glanced at him coldly, lingered for a few moments, then shrugged.

«I did see it before. Actually, all three of us are familiar with Godgrave. That is where the Spell sent us on the winter solstice.»

The eyes of the porters widened. Even Rain was stunned.

«What the hell? It sent these kids to a Death Zone? How were they alive?»

At the same time as she felt surprised, she was also feeling a little guilty. As it turned out, Tamar had not been acting haughty… she was just familiar with the titanic skeleton. More than that, whatever had happened to them there must have been quite traumatic. lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. So, she was probably hiding her unease under the facade of indifference.

«…Talk about being prejudiced.»

Rain sighed, ashamed of herself.

The porters, meanwhile, were staring at the three Awakened in awe. Eventually, old Carel asked:

«On the winter solstice? I… ah… I would have thought that Lady Tamar would use the Dream Gate…»

It used to be that every Sleeper was sent to the Dream Realm on the winter solstice, where they had to find a Gateway, anchor themselves to it, and thus Awaken. These days, however, the situation had changed.

It was possible to pass through a Dream Gate before the solstice and anchor oneself in advance. That way, there was no risk of being sent to some unforgiving land, away from human Citadels.

Tamar's gaze darkened, prompting Fleur to laugh nervously.

«Oh, that… we completed our First Nightmare in late autumn, so there was not a lot of time before the solstice. There is a lot of paperwork involved in getting access to the Dream Gate, as you know. We just went to the Academy and tried to prepare ourselves instead.»

She glanced at Tamar and smiled.

«Well, Ray and I did. Tamar's father is a Saint, so he could have brought her to the Lake of Tears personally, without the need of using the Dream Gate. Still, we met at the Academy.»

The porters looked at the young Legacy with confusion. After a bit of awkward silence, one of them asked:

«That… lady's father must have been terribly busy…»

She furrowed her brow.

«He wasn't.»

Then, Tamar blinked.

«…I mean, he was. He is. But that is not why.»

Actually, Rain knew what she meant.

There might have been a safer way to Awaken for most Sleepers, but not for Legacies. That was because the Legacies had always had such an option — they just never used it. For them, the trial of the Nightmare Spell was like a sacred rite.

Legacies were fundamentally a warrior caste — the martial aristocracy of the new world. Their culture was uniquely harsh and unforgiving, forging them into people capable of facing the senseless terror of the Nightmare Spell. They took their valiance seriously.

Being sent into the Dream Realm on the winter solstice was a rite of passage. Some would say that it was an unnecessary risk… maybe even point to the Forgotten Shore as an example.

Thousands of young men and women had perished there before Changing Star finally conquered the Gateway.

But, at the same time, those who had survived were among the strongest champions of humanity now. Most were Masters, and some were Saints. Changing Star herself, Song of the Fallen, Nightingale, Raised by Wolves… those were legendary names.

So, even if Tamar's father had been afraid of sending his daughter to her death, he would have still done it. Because that was how Legacies were.

Rain sighed.

«That is so messed up.»

How had the leader of Clan Sorrow felt, willingly putting his daughter's life at risk?

How had Tamar felt, knowing that her parents would rather see her dead than weak?

Things like that would mess one's head for life.

Suddenly, Rain didn't want to mock the young Legacy anymore.

She lingered for a few moments, the asked curiously:

«But how did you survive? As Lady Tamar said, a Death Zone is no place for humans. To make it out alive… it's like a miracle.»

The three Awakened looked at each other somberly.

Eventually, Ray answered with a pale smile:

«We… received help.»

Fleur shivered.

«Yeah. No human can live in a Death Zone… but actually, one human does. Well, at least he… he seems like a human? Nobody is really sure.»

Tamar nodded with a dark expression.

«He was the one who saved us. The Lord of Shadows…»




***
Chapter 1785: Hermit Saint of Godgrave.


***






"The Lord of Shadows?"

The porters shivered.

Night had fallen, and only the light of the bonfire illuminated the desolate plain. Flakes of ash danced in the air. Far away, the white phalanxes of the dead delty towered above the plain like mountains, and three pale moons were drowning in the darkness of the cold sky.

It was a perfect environment to tell a scary story.

Awakened Ray smiled faintly.

"Yes. The Lord of Shadows..."

Rain shifted a little to hear him better. She was haunted by an insufferable shadow, so of course, anything that had to do with shadows was of interest to her.

The young man took a deep breath, cradled a cup of fragrant tea in his hands, and continued:

"Out there in Godgrave, the sky is usually covered by clouds. When the veil of clouds is torn, blinding light pours from an incandescent white abyss, incinerating anything that moves. But... there is a place where light can never reach. A land that is forever shrouded in darkness, Out there in the darkness stands an ancient temple build of black stone, That is where the Lord of Shadows lives."

Rain stared at Awakened Ray incredulously.

‘...Is he an Idiot?'

The young man had good control of his voice, drawing the listeners into the scene he was describing. But... no, what was he doing? Were they in a theater? Why couldn't he just speak normally?

Awakened Fleur turned away, blushing from embarrassment. Tamar of Sorrow closed her eyes with a stoic expression.

The porters, though, seemed delighted and leaned forward a little, enjoying the story. Rain blinked a couple of times, then did the same, not wishing to stand out.

Awakened Ray continued:

"The Lord of Shadows... is believed to be a reclusive Saint, but nobody knows for sure where he comes from. Nobody even knows if he is a human, really. He always wears a suit of black armor, and wears a fearsome black mask. His voice is cold and insidious, and his powers are great beyond belief. He lives alone in the dark temple, surrounded only by the devils who serve him."

The young man took a deep breath and then said quietly, allowing his voice to tremble a little.

"It's true, I've been to the temple, and saw those devils myself. One is a living statue of a beautiful female knight. One is a towering hellspawn forged from black metal, One is an enormous serpent whose body envelops the entire temple, its scales like polished onyx, However, none of them are as frightening as the Lord of Shadows himself. His mask is carved from black wood in the image of an ancient fiend, and looking into its eyes... is like looking into the abyss itself."

He shivered and shook his head.

"I thought that I'd die right there and then, looking at him. However, the Lord of Shadow just stared at me for a while, unmoving, and then said in a voice that lacked all human emotion... 'I've decided not to kill you, Dreamer Ray' As if he needed a reason to allow someone to live, instead of a reason to take someone's life."

Rain secretly threw a glance at her own shadow.

How come that Lord of Shadows lived in a palatial temple and had a bunch of powerful minions serving him, while her teacher did not even have a place to stay?

Was her teacher a bum among shadows?

'Unfair...'

One of the porters asked in a trembling voice:

"But, Awakened Ray, sir... how did you end up in that evil temple?"

Ray opened his mouth to answer, but it was Fleur who spoke first... perhaps afraid that he'll say something nonsensical.

"The Spell sent us three to Godgrave, We found a place to hide and send Ray to scout a path of escape, maybe find someone to rescue us... he stumbled into the territory of the Lord of Shadows of accident, and was brought to the Citadel by one of the Lord's Echoes."

Tamar nodded.

"Actually, the Lord of Shadows rescued several Sleepers last year, as well. That is where most of what is known about him comes from - from what those Sleepers sald after being sent to the Song Domain. Well, we were actually lucky. I don't know if he would have gone out of his way to find me and Fleur, but there was someone else at the temple when Ray arrived."

Ray stared at his two companions with resentment, indignant that they had spoiled his theatrical retelling of their first venture into the Dream Realm. Then, he sighed and nodded. 

"Yes. If I was alone... the Lord of Shadows might have sent me back on my own, or even disposed of me to avoid inconvenience. He's a bit... sinister, to say the least. Luckily, at the time, Changing Star and a cohort of Fire Keepers were taking shelter in the temple. They were on a mission in Godgrave, but took time to risk themselves and rescue Fleur and Tamar. Lady Nephis even persuaded the Lord of Shadows to help. lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. If anyone can convince an eccentric powerhouse like him, it's her."

Tamar sighed.

"The three of us could only hide. Even now that we have Awakened, we would not survive a day in Godgrave, But Changing Star and the Lord of Shadows, they willingly went into the depths of the abomination-Infested bones to save us. Because of it, they were surrounded by Great Nightmare Creatures."

She glanced at Fleur, hesitated for a moment, and added in a wistful tone:

"The Lord of Shadows took us and used some kind of movement ability to cross more than a hundred kilometers in a few seconds. Then, he threw us to the Fire Keepers and went back. We could only feel the ground shaking from time to time... but, eventually, both of them returned. Battered, but alive."

Everyone seemed shocked.

"They fought m-many Great abominations? And won?"

Tamar spared a joyless smile and nodded.

"In fact, many Saints can prevail in a battle against a Great Nightmare Creature of a lower Class. Several of them, though... it's like a death sentence. Only Changing Star and a few others are capable. The Lord of Shadows... even though I don't know who he is, his powers are at least equal to those of the most valiant Transcendents. He is without a doubt one of the most lethal warriors of this era."

She looked into the fire.

"Don't listen to Ray and his nonsense, though. The Lord of Shadows is just a Saint. People say that he is eccentric, and I can understand why - who would want to live in a Death Zone? Maybe he just hates people, or maybe it has something to do with his Flaw. In any case, the three of us owe him a debt of gratitude. We would have been dead if not for his strength."

Rain was deep in thought about the mysterious Saint... but the porters seemed to have forgotten about his existence already.

Instead, they leaned forward with glistening eyes.

"So... uh... Lady Tamar..."

Old Carel smiled excitedly.

"Did you say that you met Changing Star and the Fire Keepers?!"

The other porters were similarly excited.

"Wow! What is she like in real life? Is she as beautiful as in the recordings?"

"Was Lady Cassia there, as well?"

"Did you fly on the Chain Breaker?"

Rain rolled her eyes.

Then, unexpectedly, she opened her mouth and said in a tone of nonchalance:

"You guys, leave Lady Tamar alone. Also, if you want to know about Changing Star, just ask me. You might not know, but she taught me swordsmanship once. Oh... Nightingale gave me a few archery lessons, by the way. And I used to scold Saint Athena because she leaves dirty plates around the house... tsk, that slovenly woman..."

‘What the hell am I doing?’

Why was she spouting nonsense? That was not like her at all!

But... unexpectedly, it was also a bit fun.

‘Oh, no... teacher has corrupted me…’

The porters stared at her, then exploded with laughter.

"Right... so, Rani, what is Lady Changing Star like?"

"Are you sure that she taught you swordsmanship? Didn't you teach her, instead?"

"No one has seen that Shadow Lord without mask. Maybe it was Rani all along!"

Rain spared them a bright smile.

"...Well, have you ever seen me and the Lord of Shadows in the same room?"

There was another bout of laughter.

Some time later, the roasted meat was finished, and the members of the survey team went back to their tents. The three Awakened decided which one of them would guard the camp first and followed suit.

Rain spent several hours revolving her essence. Deep at nighth, she finally sprawled on her sleeping bag in total exhaustion.

She lingered for a while, then asked quietly:

"Hey, Teacher, Do you know about that Lord of Shadows?"

He remained silent for a while.

"Sure. I know him quite well. Why are you asking?"

Rain smiled in the darkness.

"No, no reason. It's just that... you are a shadow, and he's the Lord of Shadows. So, uh... is he like you superior?"

Her teacher's voice revealed a hint of indignation.

"Who, that clown? My superior? Ha! If I wanted to, I could erase him from existence with a thought."

She chuckled.

"But he has a huge temple and a bunch of powerful servants. He also seems close with Lady Nephis... didn't you say once that you're practically her boyfriend? Sorry, I don't mean to sound rude... but it seems more like he is her boyfriend, instead..."

Her teacher was appalled.

"I did say that. And, by the way... I am! I asked her on a date, and she agreed. She was delighted to agree, even! Who can resist my charm?"

Rain grinned.

"I'm just saying. That Lord of Shadows, he seems to know what's what. Won't the other shadows mock you for being an underachiever because of him? No temple, no servants, no beautiful Saintess hanging on your arm... ah, I pity my poor teacher... teacher is such an ascetic..."

Instead of an answer, a threatening grow! resounded from the darkness.




***
Chapter 1786: Decent Archer.


***






Her teacher seemed to be sulking, and did not speak with her the next morning. Rain crawled out of her tent, disassembled it, and prepared for a long day of marching across the desolate plain.

She was in a good mood because of having managed to tease her teacher successfully last night.

There was no need to do the survey work anymore, so the team moved west at a brisk pace. They were also familiar with the terrain, and could follow an optimal route instead of wandering aimlessly.

Of course, Tamar of Sorrow had been exaggerating a bit when she said that they would go in a straight line. The Moonriver Plain was within the borders of the Song Domain, but the only Citadel here was far to the south, at its very edge. And since there was nothing but the Hollow Mountains to the north, this land was wild and dangerous.

There were plenty of Nightmare Creatures here, and so, the survey team had to avoid the hunting grounds of the more dangerous abominations.

Still, they were making good progress.

The further west they went, the more canyons barred their path. By now, the members of the survey team were very familiar with crossing them, so much so that it had almost become a habit.

They would try to find the place where a stone bridge once stood, since the canyons were usually narrow there. The remains of the bridges also further narrowed the chasm.

Then, young Tamar would mount her wolf Echo and leap over the canyon while holding a rope. After fastening it on the other side, she would raise a simple pulley system.

The carts and equipment would be transported over the chasm first, and the people would follow. The whole process was a bit tiring, but not especially dangerous - even if the canyon started to wail and was suddenly flooded by rushing water, the ropes remained above the powerful current.

The porters just had to be careful not to look down.

The canyons were incredibly deep, their depths shrouded in inky darkness. Falling down meant death. The currents, however, were incredibly violent - so, falling into the water was not much safer.

The survey team reached another canyon and went through the familiar motions. This one was not very wide, but it was still going to take some effort to transport all the equipment to the other side, Rain, who was usually one of the last people to traverse the chasm, leaned on the cart she had been pulling and took a deep breath.

Since the crossing was monotonous, and they had already gone through the process countless times, It was easy to grow numb and allow one's mind to wander. However, even while presenting a relaxed facade, Rain still maintained vigilance. lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. She knew all too well that a moment of carelessness could mean death in the Dream Realm.

Which was why she was one of the first people to see it.

Tamar and her Echo were already on the other side, and the ropes were drawn across the chasm. The carts had been attached to the hooks and pulled over the canyon. Now, it was time for humans to follow.

There were three ropes - one for them to walk over, two to hold with their hands. Awakened Fleur was in the middle of crossing, and one of the survey specialists was waiting for his turn to follow.

However...

Rain was suddenly distracted by something. It was the dead man standing a small distance away from the resting porters.

His gaze was just as empty and expressionless as ever. However, he had just turned his head, silently facing the canyon.

She frowned.

The pilgrim had always been passive and quiet. He never did anything except for following the survey team.

Why had he moved now?

'Crap...'

Before anyone could react, there was movement in the canyon.

An enormous, clawed hand rose from somewhere below and swiped at the survey specialist. it's desiccated palm was the size of his entire body, and the vicious claws seemed sharp enough to rip the man to shreds.

Rain's eyes widened.

Luckily, the surveyor staggered back and tripped, seemingly on nothing, just in the nick of time. The claws missed him by a hair's breadth, failing to rip his body apart.

...They did snap the three ropes, though.

"Fleur!"

Ray's shout tore apart the silence, but he was far away to do anything.

‘What are you shouting about... she's an Awakened...'

Fleur might not have been strong enough to survive a fall into the canyon, but she definitely could hold on to the ropes.

It was the porters who were in real danger, because the enormous hand was already reaching toward them with its claws.

What saved them wasn't a miracle, but the cold steel of Tamar's sword.

The Legacy girl had been on the other side of the canyon, watching the others cross. She reacted at the first sign of danger. The Echo was standing guard further away, so she simply jumped into the chasm without wasting any time.

Tamar of Sorrow, like all Awakened, possessed two Awakened Abilities.

One allowed her to step on the air. She could do it once as a Sleeper, and twice now that she had Awakened. The second Ability allowed her to burst with startling speed for a short amount of time she was so fast, in fact, that it seemed as if she was simply teleporting from place to place.

Which was how Tamar crossed the canyon without the help of her Echo.

By the time she landed on the other side, her sword had already woven itself from sparks of light. It was a brutish zweihander with a leather-bound ricasso. Tamar was a young woman of medium height, so the great sword looked comically large in her hands... she did, however, wield it with effortless ease.

She activated her Awakened Ability again and shot forward, delivering a terrifying slash to the wrist of the hidden abomination's arm. Despite the fact that it was as thick as the trunk of an ancient tree, the zweihander cut through the tough hide, steel muscles, and adamantine bone, severing the creature's enormous hand.

Tamar seemed to disappear from one spot and appear in another in the blink of an eye. At the same time, the hideous hand separated from the creature's arm in a flood of viscous blood.

It fell heavily on the ground... and continued moving, crawling toward the terrified porters.

"Ray!"

Finally, Awakened Ray reacted. He dashed to Intercept the hand, while Tamar turned to the canyon.

By then, the Nightmare Creature was already climbing over the edge.

It was huge and hideous, with a gaunt body and long, sinewy limbs. Its head was disproportionately large for the emaciated torso, with two little bloodshot eyes and an enormous, crimson maw.

Worst of all, it seemed to possess too many arms.

Tamar had severed one at the wrist, but three hands were already reaching toward her. Two more were gripping the edge of the canyon, pushing the giant up.

There was barely any time to react.

The young Legacy did something that most warriors would never do in a battle - she jumped high into the air, dragging the great length of the brutish zweihander behind her.

A jump was usually tantamount to death because one could not control their direction or react to the opponent's attacks without standing on the ground. A strike delivered in the air was also weaker than a strike delivered while using a solid surface for support.

However, that did not apply to Tamar.

She pushed off the air once, soaring to greater height, and then once more, changing her trajectory completely. At the same time, she spun like a wheel and brought the zwelhander down on the enemy's arm.

This time, the force contained in the strike was not augmented by the startling speed of her Awakened Ability, but it was still fearsome. The arm of the abomination was not severed, but the great sword bit deep, not only slicing the veins and muscles, but also cracking the bone.

She had evaded the other two hands by jumping over them, as well.

Tamar would have been clear if not for the fact that at that moment, the creature's two sinister eyes locked on her, and another three hands shot at her from the canyon.

The young Legacy faltered for a split second.

...Then, a sharp arrow whistled past her and pierced one of the abomination's eyes. A moment later, another arrow sank into the remaining eye of the hideous Nightmare Creature, effectively blinding it.

A pained roar shook the plain.

Landing on the ground, Tamar activated her Awakened Ability and dodge to the right, avoiding the grab of the blinded abomination. She would have been in trouble if it could see, but now, things were different.

Shaking the fetid blood off the blade of her great sword, she prepared to attack and glanced back briefly.

Ray was busy pushing back the severed hand... so who had made those stunningly accurate shots?

The beautiful porter girl, Rani, was standing near the pile of unloaded equipment, holding a simple recurve bow. Her black hair was dancing in the wind, and there was a strangely serene expression on her pale face.

Her black eyes were glistening with something that resembled... excitement?

She was already drawing the bow again, the fletching of a handmade arrow brushing against her white cheek.

A little stunned, Tamar turned back to the enormous abomination.

‘...She did say that she was decent with a bow.'

If that was decent... then Tamar did not even know what great was.

As she pushed her body forward, a stray thought surfaced in her mind.

Rani had also said that she had some experience trekking in the wilderness and could handle a sword fine,

Suddenly, Tamar wanted to know what her definition of "fine" was.




***
Chapter 1787: Ack


***






The situation... was not good.

Ray had managed to stall the monstrous hand, hacking it to pieces with his weapons - he wielded a short sword in one hand, and an axe in the other. Rain had blinded the abomination with her arrows, and Tamar disabled two of its arms.

The problem was that the creature had just too many of them. Rain had already counted nine, and more were rising from behind the climbing monstrosity like a ghastly forest.

Worse still, it was an Awakened abomination. She had aimed at the obvious vulnerability first - the eyes - but other than that, there wasn't a lot of damage she could do. Even if her arrows pierced the tough hide of the creature, it would not harm it too much.

Tamar faced the forest of monstrous arms with grim resolve, wielding her hefty zweihander with daunting skill. She used both of her Abilities to dance between the barrage of killing blows. The young Legacy seemed like a steel whirlwind, alternating unpredictable jumps with short bursts of stunning speed. Torrents of fetid blood were released into the frigid air from her great blade.

She managed to stall and damage many limbs of the abomination, in large part due to the creature having been blinded, but could not advance to attack its body.

‘Crap…’

Rain dropped her bow and unsheathed her sword.

"Why are you just standing there?! Get back!"

The petrified porters were stirred by her shout and staggered away from the carnage. Miraculously, none of them was dead yet.

The abominable claws rained down in pursuit of the elusive Legacy girl, sending pieces of stone flying. A net of cracks spread on the ground from each missed blow, viscous blood spilling into the narrow fissures.

Rain dashed forward and supported Awakened Ray, who had managed to sever two of the hideous hand's fingers, but almost got pierced by the long claw of the third.

They were in a stalemate, and that stalemate wasn't in their favor. The creature was continuing to climb up from the canyon, and once it crawled onto the plain, whatever resistance Tamar was able to offer would be overwhelmed.

So, someone had to reach the abomination and deal it a mortal wound. Rain would have gone herself, but she was mundane - her tachi would not be able to slay the giant.

Ray, on the other hand, was Awakened, and wielded enchanted weapons, Better yet, he could become imperceptible, So, with come luck, his blade would reach the creature's neck without being blocked by the countless claws.

"Go! I'll finish this thing off!"

The young man glanced at her with wide eyes, hesitated for a split second, then nodded and disengaged. He must have thought the same, A moment later, Ray was gone.

Literally.

He Activated his Awakened Ability and dissolved into the air. There was no sound, no smell, no... anything. It was as if he had never existed at all.

Rain brandished her tachi, deflected a terrifying claw, and then kicked the severed hand with all her might.

The hand was the size of an adult human, and weighed quite a lot. Still, Rain's kick sent it rolling backward.

With two fingers missing, it had turned rather clumsy. The bizarre thing was still trying to turn itself over when she dashed forward, turned her sword, and thrust it down, using all of her own weight to make the strike more powerful.

The tachi pierced the monstrous palm, slid between the bones, and nailed the severed hand to the ground.

It was a mundane blade, so an Awakened abomination could easily snap it. However, even an abomination would have to follow common reason to achieve that - it would need proper grip and support, at least, ideally good leverage. Laying on the ground, impaled through the center, the monstrous hand had none of those So, it just struggled fiercely, unable to free itself for now.

Rain staggered back, then looked up to evaluate the situation.

Tamar had managed to sever several more arms, but was hopelessly stuck in the avalanche of monstrous limbs. Blinded, the creature flailed them with no sense or reason, making a mess of the plain.

Ray would be having trouble closing in, as well he might have been invisible, but the space between the survey team and the massive body of the climbing abomination was full of stone shards and deadly claws. Ray was still a corporeal being, so making way through the carnage was not going to be easy.

On the opposite side of the canyon, Fleur had climbed the ropes and was now standing on the edge, shouting something as she summoned her Memories.

Rain couldn't quite hear what the pretty healer was shouting, but she managed to read her lips.

"...Tyrant! It's a Tyrant!"

'Damn.'

Rain had never faced an Awakened Tyrant before. Nor had she ever wished to.

As she faltered for a moment, shaken by the revelation, a blurred silhouette shot over the chasm.

Then, the Echo of the glant wolf landed on the Tyrant's back, tearing at its shoulders with sharp claws and sinking vicious fangs into its neck.

That damned thing finally made it across the canyon.

Tamar's Echo seemed like a Fallen Beast or Monster, at best... It wasn't quite powerful enough to destroy an Awakened Tyrant outright.

However...

It was very large. And it weighed a lot.

The abomination was still trying to climb out of the chasm, hanging awkwardly with half of its massive torso towering above the edge. When the monstrous wolf landed on its back, the wolf's weight was added to the Tyrant's own, pulling it into the deep abyss.

It swayed back precariously.

A frenzied shriek escaped from the creature's maw, and it flailed its arms in the air. It was still holding onto the edge with two hands, but now, more of them scratched the stone with their claws, leaving deep grooves in it.

The Tyrant's fall was arrested.

With so many hands trying to keep the abomination from falling, Tamar received a bit of breathing room.

Without wasting even a split second, she dashed forward.

"Ray! The hands!"

Her zweihander drew a beautiful are in the air, then fell down like the blade of an enormous guillotine. It severed the fingers of one of the two main hands the Tyrant was using for support.

At the same time, the fingers on the other hand were suddenly torn apart, and a vague silhouette of a young man revealed itself in the air. He was hacking at the fingers with his weapons, aiming to damage the joints between the phalanxes.

Rain used her leg to throw her bow into the air, caught it, and nocked an arrow on the string in one fluid motion. A moment later, the arrow pierced into the deep wound dealt by Ray, disabling one of the fingers.

With both of the main support hands damaged, the rest could not hold the weight of the Tyrant anymore. When the Echo jerked its head and pulled the abomination back with all its weight, the ghastly creature finally slid off the edge and disappeared into the depths of the canyon with a deafening howl.

Rain trembled and lowered her hands.

'D-damn... that was intense!'

She exhaled slowly, then glanced at the porters.

Everyone was in one piece. The survey specialists were all fine, as well.

Which was... more than a little unexpected.

'Did my teacher protect them secretly?’

Rain suspected that he did. Especially because the dead pilgrim was suspiciously missing.

Had the dead man been swept into the canyon in all the mayhem, or had her teacher pushed him Into the chasm while no one was looking?

She would have to ask him later...

But it was too early to relax, still.

Picking up her quiver, Rain lamented the loss of several arrows, then circled around the pinned hand of the Tyrant and approached the edge of the chasm.

She stopped near Ray and Tamar. All three of them looked down.

The depths of the canyon were shrouded in darkness, and it was impossible to say how far down its bottom was.

Ray swept his hair back nervously and looked at them.

"Do you think it's dead?"

Tamar lingered for a moment, then pursed her lips and hesitantly shook her head.

"I haven't heard anything from the Spell."

Turning back, she glanced at the severed hand that Rain pinned to the ground with her sword.

"Go finish that thing off, Ray. It should be the Tyrant's minion... what a bizarre creature, by the dead gods."

Who had countless hands instead of proper minions?

Ray sighed, then readied his weapons and headed away from the edge.

A storm of sparks rose around the Legacy girl, and then, the wolf Echo manifested itself behind her. There was no need to let it be damaged by the fall - she had simply dismissed it, then summoned it back.

Finally, Tamar turned to Rain and studied her for a moment.

Then, she scowled. 

"You..."

However, before she could finish the sentence, chilling wail resounded from the depths of the canyon, reverberating across the plain. It was like the world itself was weeping.

The flood was coming.

It was impossible to hear her voice now, this close to the chasm.

...It was also impossible to discern what Fleur was shouting.

Rain stared across the canyon in confusion. The Awakened healer was jumping and waving her hands in the air, pointing at them with a desperate expression on her lovely face,

"...ack!...ope... ing... all! ...ack!" 

Rain could barely hear anything because of the wailing.

'Ack? What is trying to... pack? Attack? Crack?’

Back?

Suddenly, he eyes widened.

Rain looked at Tamar in panic, but it was already too late.

The edge of the canyon... had been damaged severely by the barrage of blows dealt to it by the Tyrant. The weathered stone was broken and cracked.

And just then, it finally crumbled.

Before Rain could do anything, the entire side of the canyon suddenly moved, and then collapsed, falling into the wailing darkness.

And the two of them were pulled down with it, plummeting into the bottomless chasm alongside countless tons of broken stone.




***
Chapter 1788: Weeping Canyon


***






Life was like that.

You could train your body tirelessly to turn it into a tenacious, resilient tool. You could practice swordsmanship and archery until your hands bled, temper your observation skills and analytical thinking, and test yourself against countless opponents in real combat to turn shallow knowledge into deeply rooted experience.

And then, you can still die because of nothing but bad luck. 

Rain felt resentful as she plummeted into a bottomless abyss, surrounded by an avalanche of shattered stone.

But no, that was not true... her current predicament was not due to misfortune. She was at fault. It was her who had not been cautious enough, perceptive enough, and smart enough. All the signs had been there — the cracks in the stone, the weathered state of the canyon walls, the devastating power of the Tyrant's blows. She should have put two and two together.

She should have done better.

So, Rain had no one to blame but herself.

Still... still!

She was indignant.

To die like that, it was really unfair!

All these thoughts flashed through her mind in the span of a moment. Then, she gritted her teeth and tried to think of a way to survive.

First things first... the fall itself would not kill her just yet. The bottom of the canyon was far away, and she could survive bouncing off its walls once or twice. The most pressing threat were the falling boulders — they were massive and heavy enough to turn Rain into a pancake, or at least smash her skull open.

Raising her arms, she tried to shield her head. A moment later, something slammed into her forearms, and she felt sharp pain. Luckily, the boulder was not large enough to crush her, so her bones weren't even broken.

The next one, though...

Catching a glimpse of it, Rain shuddered.

It was like a wall of rough rock was pursuing her, mere moments away from colliding with her fragile body. There was no chance to evade.

A moment before she was crushed by the massive slab of stone, however, something strange happened. The darkness seemed to touch it lightly, and the enormous boulder shattered into a million pieces.

Instead of being killed, Rain was simply showered by small pieces of debris.

'Teacher...'

Her teacher rarely helped her directly. However, it seemed that he was unwilling to let his student perish so senselessly, and interfered — just like he had interfered to keep the porters and surveyors from being ravaged by the Tyrant.

'I take back all the bad words I've called him!'

There was no time to feel touched, but Rain still felt a strange warmth in her heart.

Then, she turned her head to find the only source of salvation there was, apart from her eccentric shadow companion...

Tamar of Sorrow.

The Legacy girl could take two steps on the air, so if anyone could help Rain survive, it was her.

If she would even bother wasting her time to save a mundane porter, of course. It would be much easier, not to mention safer, to only worry about herself and let Rain fall to her death.

'Where is she?'

Everything was happening so fast, but time also seemed to slow down. Plummeting into the wailing darkness, Rain looked around feverishly and tried to catch a glimpse of Young Lady Tamar.

But she could not see her...

However, that was not because Tamar was nowhere to be seen. Rather, it was because Rain was looking too far.

She did not expect that the Legacy was nearly upon her, and only realized it when something blocked her vision.

'What...'

Then, Rain gasped as something hard rammed into her abdomen.

"Argh!"

As it turned out, Tamar had been quicker to react. After regaining her bearings, she swiftly evaluated the situation, located Rain, and then used the first of her two steps to arrest her fall and launch herself to intercept the falling porter instead.

The hard thing that had collided with Rain's abdomen, knocking the wind out of her, was the Legacy girl's shoulder. Since Tamar was clad in a suit of plate armor, her steel pauldron was not at all soft.

Grabbing Rain around the waist, she continued to fly toward the wall of the canyon. However, another huge boulder barred their path — hissing a stifled curse, Tamar used the second step to change their direction and avoided it.

Now, her Dormant Ability was exhausted — she would not be able to use it again before touching a solid surface with her feet.

They flew into the darkness, falling deeper and deeper... but, at the same time, getting closer to the wall. Tamar shielded Rain from falling debris and yelled:

"...old ...n!"

A moment later, Rain's body was violently jerked and came to a halt.

'Ah... crap, that hurt...'

She opened her eyes and tried to assess the situation.

The wailing rising from the depths of the canyon was absolutely deafening, making her ears ring. She was surrounded by darkness — the sky was like a narrow line of light far, far above.

Tamar was hanging from the damp wall of the canyon. One of her hands was thrust into a narrow crack, while the other was still holding Rain.

'I'll be damned.'

They were actually alive.

Well... for now.

Since Tamar had technically landed on something, she could activate her Dormant Ability again. Then, like a squirrel, she could slowly make her way back to the surface while carrying Rain.

There was a big problem, though...

The canyon was weeping.

Which meant that it was going to turn into a raging river at any moment.

Rain couldn't really see well in the darkness, but she thought that she noticed a panicked look in the Legacy girl's eyes.

Then, they were enveloped in the roar of rushing water.

A moment later, the flood slammed into them like a concrete wall. Rain did not even have time to scream.

Tamar's hand was violently wrenched out of the crack, and they were carried away, deeper into the canyon.

The last thing Rain remembered was the sight of a solid surface of stone, approaching her at terrible speed.

***

She was cold.

And tired.

Everything hurt, so Rain did not want to wake up.

'I'll just sleep a five more minutes...'

She could be late for class... but she could, a little bit. If she pretended to be pitiful, maybe mom would let her sleep a bit more.

Only... wasn't her mom far away?

And there were no classes anymore. Instead, she was... she was...

Opening her eyes, Rain stared at the gray sky.

Drops of rain were falling from above, cooling her face.

She studied the sky for a bit, then flinched and sat up.

She was laying on the solid ground, surrounded by the vast expanse of the Moonriver Plain.

There was a small fire crackling near, with her teacher warming his pale hands over it.

The battered figure of Tamar of Sorrow was laying on the other side of the fire. She seemed to be in a rough shape, and still unconscious.

Rain blinked slowly.

'We're alive.'

That was good news.

The bad news was that she had no idea how they had escaped the canyon, and where they were. She vaguely remembered being surrounded by soft darkness and carried by the raging current, but then... at some point, she must have passed out.

It was hard to differentiate one part of the plain from the other, but Rain did not think that she recognized the surroundings. The members of the survey team were nowhere in sight, as well.

Letting out a deep sigh, she turned to her teacher and asked hoarsely:

"What happened?"

He looked at her and smiled.

"Well... you two fell into the river, and I fished you out."

Rain nodded slowly.

"How far were we carried by the current?"

He shrugged.

"Pretty far."

'...It's okay.'

Since both of them were alive, the situation could still be salvaged. They could find the survey team... maybe... and return to the main camp of the road crew. Or proceed to one of the advanced camps on their own.

Or... 

Rain looked at her teacher and forced out a smile.

"Teacher... you are so kind and powerful! Can't you... you know... take us back?"

He responded with a smile of his own.

"Oh... sure, I can!"

However, his voice was a little sinister.

"Look at that poor girl, Tamar... she's barely alive. It would be really kind of me to take you both back, wouldn't it? One might even say that only a heartless monster wouldn't. So I really should... ah, but I won't."

Rain's smile grew a little forced.

"What? Really? Come on... it won't even be that hard for you..."

Her teacher nodded.

"Really! If you want to get out of here alive... well, what can I say? All you need to do is Awaken. Do that, and you'll be fine."

With that, he gave her a pleasant smile and disappeared into her shadow. A moment later, his voice resounded from the darkness:

"Alternatively... that Lord of Shadows, he seems to know what's what. You can ask him for help!"

Rain stared at her shadow incredulously, then took a deep breath.

'I take back everything I took back! That... that petty bastard!’




***
Chapter 1789: Peculiar Connection


***






After welcoming the Fire Keepers for a few short days, the Nameless Temple had grown silent once again.

However, the silence was not going to last long.

Soon enough, the dark realm that Sunny had built in the heart of Godgrave would become a hive of activity. Due to the deal he had made with Morgan, his Citadel was to be made into a secondary staging ground for the Sword Army during the war. A relatively small, but elite contingent would be stationed here, using the temple as their operation base.

But the peace and quiet would be gone long before that.

After all, the soldiers had to live somewhere. They needed beds, places to cook and consume food, storage space to keep a large amount of supplies, an infirmary... and so on. All of these things had to be built before the war started.

There were so many things that went into waging a war. A military conflict between Awakened was different in many ways, but still fundamentally similar to any other war in human history - it demanded an unfathomable amount of logistical preparations.

Sunny felt dejected.

It had taken him a lot of effort to restore the Nameless Temple to its present state. Now, however, it would be turned into an actual Citadel - a place that existed to serve as a safe haven for the people in the Dream Realm. There would be a small army of workers coming here to perform all the laborious tasks soon.

Which was not a bad thing.

However, he had grown used to the peaceful silence.

Todady, there were only two humans under the roof of the ancient temple. One of them was Sunny himself. The other was Cassie, who had arrived as the Seneschal of the Great Clan Valor to assess the state of the Citadel and collect all the necessary information to launch the construction.

At least that was the official reason.

Sunny had thought that Nephis would come personally. He was a little relieved that she was not here - his mind was burning in anticipation of their upcoming date, so seeing her before that would have been somewhat embarrassing.

It was nice to see Cassie outside the context of their deal, as well.

"...The temple itself must be off-limits to the soldiers, unless it is to use the Gateway. Of course, they can retreat inside if we are under attack, and the outer perimeter is breached. Even then, I will not allow them to venture into the inner sanctum and the underground level."

Cassie turned her head slightly.

"There is an underground level?"

Sunny smiled.

"Don't pretend you don't know. Nephis saw it, which means that you saw it, too."

The young woman coughed in embarrassment.

"Right... sorry. It's a habit of mind to act appropriately oblivious. Otherwise, people get uncomfortable around me."

He spared her a long look.

Since it was only the two of them in the temple, Sunny had dismissed Weaver's Mask. It felt strange, to walk around with a bare face as the Lord of Shadows... even if Cassie could not see his expression, only her own.

He shook his head.

"I doubt there is anyone in the world who knows the extent of your abilities and the depth of your foresight better than me, Cassie. So, you don't need to worry about making me feel uncomfortable."

"There is also no one who knows me better than you, now. There is really no other person either of us can trust more!

She smiled faintly.

"I'll keep that in mind."

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then led her outside.

"The territory around the temple is mostly cleared of Nightmare Creatures. There will be no problem building barracks and all the necessary facilities around it. My Shadows will help protect the perimeter. You should know how powerful they are... the base will be very safe, all things considered."

She shook her head.

"We can't rely on your... Shadows... to maintain security, Sunny. After all, you are expected to participate in the battles against Song. Who knows if their presence would be required somewhere else?"

Sunny contemplated for a moment, then nodded.

"You are right."

It felt very strange, to be discussing the inevitable war... realm war... so casually. And yet, here they were.

Studying her delicate face, he asked:

"Who do you think stands the better chance of winning?"

Cassie tilted her head a little.

"It's hard to say. The Sword Domain has a stronger military. It also has better strategists. Most importantly, there are the Ivory Tower and the Nameless Temple. It is all but inevitable that the King of Swords will arrive to Godgrave before the Queen of Worms. With him here, the forces of Valor will venture into the Hollows sooner, and conquer local Citadels faster.  lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. It's hard to imagine how such an advantage won't snowball into a crushing avalanche."

She hesitated for a moment. 

"However, the Song Domain is... unpredictable. There seems to be no reason for them to be eager to fight this war - if anything, they should be scrambling to avoid it due to how disadvantaged they are - and yet, they are as eager as the rulers of the Sword Domain. Which means that they are hiding something. Well... of course they are."

Her expression darkened a little.

"That encounter between you and the Skinwalker near Ravenheart. The emissaries of the House of Night were clearly in contact with Prince Mordret. Perhaps they have brokered some kind of deal behind the scenes. There are other possibilities, as well. But at the end of the day, none of it matters."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"It doesn't?"

Cassie remained silent for a moment, then said calmly:

"No. Because neither Song nor Valor will win the war. We will win the war."

He laughed.

"You say it with such conviction. However, isn't the whole thing predicated on Nephis achieving Supremacy without the help of the Spell? And there is no saying if she will, least of all if she'll do it on time, It's all a gamble.”

Cassie faced him and smiled faintly.

"...Sure. But so was every other step along the way. Yet, here we are. Still standing."

She hesitated a little, then added in a quieter voice:

"Plus, it's not entirely a gamble."

Sunny sighed, then led her back into the temple.

"It's not?"

The young woman lingered with the answer. Eventually, she said in a subdued tone:

"The six of us those who came back from the Tomb of Ariel - all have strange gaps in our memory. But my memory has been affected the most. Sorry... I haven't revealed that secret to anyone before you, Sunny, and it's not easy to admit. My memory is really... severely damaged, and I can't see the future anymore."

She took a deep breath.

"But there was a time when my memory was intact, and I could learn a lot about the future from my visions. That version of me must have known that there would be a war, and that Nephis would have to defeat the Sovereigns without challenging the Fourth Nightmare."

Sunny considered her words carefully,

"You mean..."

Cassie nodded.

"Yes. If that version of me did not attempt to create contingencies, it means that she saw a way to win the war. Therefore... perhaps it is not as big of a gamble as you think."

Sunny hesitated for a while.

He knew that Cassie had been in a fragile mental state for the past four years. Not only because of losing her ability to see glimpses of the future, but also because much of her past was shrouded by fog... after all, he had been the purpose and cornerstone of all her schemes, and her schemes were truly life-consuming.

When he turned Fateless, a huge chunk had been ripped out of her memory, replaced by oblivion.

So, he didn't really want to dispel her hopes. But it wasn't good to let her rely on them, either.

He sighed.

"Or you have never known about the future after the Tomb of Ariel at all. Because the future has always been meant to become unclear after that."

Suddenly, there was a strange intensity on Cassie's delicate face. She faced him and kept quiet for a few long moments, struggling to contain her emotions.

Sunny had an idea of what she was thinking about.

"Even if I ask you, I won't remember the answers, will I?"

He shook his head slowly.

"You won't."

Of course, it would be great if Sunny could fill the gaps in her memory and let Cassie feel like herself again. But he couldn't.

Between the two of them, there was a peculiar and bitter connection. Sunny had been forgotten by the world... but Cassie had forgotten herself. He struggled to judge which one of them was more pitiful.

Still, he wanted to console her, even if only a little.

Sunny looked away with a sigh.

"...Of course, that doesn't mean that you never will."

Cassie seemed frozen by his words. She raised a hand, then lowered it again.

"There is a way? For your existence to be restored?"

Sunny hesitated with a dark expression on his face.

Of course, he had been contemplating that issue for a long time.

In the end, he had determined that there was.




***
Chapter 1790: Value of Regret


***






There was a single question at the root of the problem... why had the Thieving Bird stolen his fate? Sure, the loathsome thing seemed to be obsessed with everything that concerned Weaver. But Sunny did not think that it was the only reason.

After pondering the question for a while, he had developed a certain suspicion. He had lost the connection to the Nightmare Spell after becoming fateless, which meant that carrying the Nightmare Spell had something to do with one's fate. Perhaps fate was the medium through which the infection spread.

In any case, the creature which now possessed his fate... would therefore possess his connection to the Nightmare Spell, as well.

So why would the Thieving Bird want something like that?

To answer that question, one had to realize that the creature that Sunny had met in the Nightmare was not the real Thieving Bird. The real Thieving Bird was long dead. Instead, the odious thing he had run into at the Estuary was a replica of the vile Terror created by the Spell.

And a replica could only exist in the illusory realm of the Nightmare.

A carrier of the Spell, however... a carrier of the Spell would be expelled back into the real world once the Nightmare was over. They would have a way to go back.

So, Sunny had come to belleve that the real reason why the Thieving Bird wanted his fate was to become a carrier of the Nightmare Spell, and slip through the cracks of the illusory realm, finding a backdoor to reality.

If so, that would be the greatest prison break in history... quite a suitable feat for the greatest and most vile thief to have ever lived.

Very few creatures could find a way back into existence after having been destroyed for thousands of years, and in such an original way.

Therefore... the creature that had stolen his fate, and was now in possession of it, was not gone. It had not been erased forever by the collapse of the Nightmare. It was somewhere out there, in the real world, liberated from its illusory prison and free to roam the world, stealing anything that had caught its fancy.

Which meant that it could be hunted down and killed. And that he could get his fate back from it, somehow.

Sunny was nowhere near powerful enough to risk facing a Cursed Terror, let alone a Cursed Terror that neither gods nor daemons had been able to deal with.., even the Void Beings were said to have loathed the Vile Thieving Bird, which meant that they had suffered from its mischief as well.

The damned bird was a real menace…

More importantly, though, he didn't know if he even wanted to get his fate back. Despite everything, he wasn't sure.

Because there were strings attached to regaining his fate... both literally and figuratively. Some days, Sunny woke up and wanted nothing more than to be remembered. Some days, he woke up and felt that he would never give up his freedom, which he had paid for so dearly.

But Cassie deserved to know that there was a possibility, at least.

He sighed.

"There is a way. However..."

Sunny's voice turned heavy.

"There is a price to pay if one wishes to become fateless. There is also a price to pay if one wishes to become fated. And I... am not sure if I want to pay that price."

They reached the courtyard, where a lonesome tree stood, its leaves rustling in the darkness.

The tree was feeling much better after being tended to by Shakti. It was doing much better, in fact, than it had in the outskirts, even though there was no sun to shine on its leaves and bathe it in warmth.

The two of them looked at it in silence - Sunny with his own eyes, and Cassie as well.

After a while, she asked:

"Why did you plant this tree in vour Citadel?”

She was thinking about another tree, perhaps, one that he had burned on the Forgotten Shore.

It would be easy to imagine why the sinister Lord of Shadows would keep a tree like the Soul Devourer in his temple. However, this one was perfectly mundane, and did not even bear fruit.

Sunny hesitated for a while, then looked at the base of the tree's trunk. There, three lines were carved into the bark.

"...It's a memorial tree."

Cassie turned to him silently.

He smiled.

"A long time ago, I carved two lines into it, as a grave for my parents. Later, I added a third... as a grave for myself. This is my Citadel, and this is my grave. I think it's quite fitting."

Sunny lingered for a moment and added:

"I've never told you about it, so maybe you'll remember."

However, she did not. Cassie seemed distracted for a moment, and then said calmly:

"Should we proceed to the actual discussion, then?"

So she had known that about him, as well.

He smiled, and summoned the shadows, manifesting them into two chairs and a table. Soon, another avatar of his arrived, carrying a tray with tea and refreshments.

This one was the naughty shadow, and Sunny was not controlling him directly. That was why there was a subtle, but unmistakably lecherous smile on the bastard's face. He stared at the avatar with murder in his eyes, and the naughty guy hurriedly changed his expression.

He was even extra gallant when pouring Cassie tea.

Her face crumbled a little, and then she let out a melodious laugh.

"Sorry... I just can't get used to that ability of yours."

Sunny smiled.

"That's alright. Sometimes, I feel like I'm not used to it, either. Well, and sometimes, I feel like I am actually too used to it. It's a strange thing."

He sighed and dismissed the avatar. 

"But then again, the very idea of normalcy seems more and more distant the further on the Path of Ascension we walk. As Saints, we are already far removed from what a normal human would be... some more than others. You must be experiencing it yourself, with the volume of alien memories you experience and the number of people you perceive the world through."

Cassie's Ascended Ability was not limited to vision. She shared all senses of her marks, so, in a way, she had experienced being young and old, strong and weak, sick and healthy, male and female. That kind of experience was not something a human would ever be privy to... and it must have changed her perception of herself, as well.

Sunny himself was living several lives at the same time. He knew that it had changed him. His three personas were quite different from each other despite being controlled by one mind... it was as much of an adaptation to differing circumstances as a defensive mechanism.  lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. Otherwise, the lines would become blurred, and he might one day become lost.

That was another reason why he was clinging to his secrets so desperately, feeling a strange reluctance to let go of the act.

Sunny leaned back.

"Sometimes I wonder what we will become, if we succeed. A Supreme being must be even further from being human. What about a Sacred being? What about a Divine one?"

He remained silent for a while, staring at his tea with a bleak expression. Then, he said somberly:

"There was a time when I harbored great hate against the Sovereigns. Because they were distant, because they were corrupt, because they treated human lives as currency and did nothing when people died."

With a deep sigh, Sunny straightened his back and looked at the rustling leaves of the lonesome tree for a while.

"And yet... haven't I spent these last few years doing nothing while people died? Such hypocrisy. Of course, I had my reason. Ultimately, it doesn't matter what a single Saint does - a pawn can struggle and strive, but the players are the ones who decide the outcome of the game. So, right now, I am biding my time to replace the morally corrupt players. It's for the greater good."

A sad smile twisted his lips.

"But then, I am sure that this is what the Sovereigns think, as well. That what they are doing, no matter how callous, is for the greater good.”

Cassie remained silent for a long time, then shook her head decisively.

"There is a big difference between us and the Sovereigns.”

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"There is?"

She nodded.

"Yes. It is that we are ashamed of our faults, while they are not. It might sound stupid, but that matters. It matters more than you can think."

He laughed.

"That's it? The only difference is that when we do something distasteful, we feel regret?"

Cassie shrugged.

"There is no need to think in absolutes. It is a fallacy. We also don't send assassins to kill little girls, or try to unleash Nightmare Creatures in populous cities. The extent of one's willingness to do despicable things for what they perceive as greater good is also important, not just the principle. More Importantly... we are also competent, while they are not. The end only justifies the means if you actually reach the end."

She hesitated for a moment, and then smiled.

"Or, if you prefer... one can't make an omelette without breaking eggs, but if they break the eggs and can't even make an omelette, then they shouldn't be allowed into the kitchen. Don't you think?"

Sunny chuckled.

"That... sounds pretty reasonable. Thanks for levelling with me."

He picked up the cup and took a sip of the fragrant tea, then leaned forward and smiled.

"Now, then. Shall we discuss the details of how we are going to make this omelette?”




***
Chapter 1791: Queenmaker


***






Sunny and Cassle were seated across from each other, enjoying tea and refreshments. The courtyard was peaceful, and the leaves rustled quietly above them. Other than that, there were no other sounds.

The scene would have been picturesque if not for the fact the world was shrouded in absolute darkness. Neither of them had any need for light, and that, too, was a reason why having Cassie here felt comfortable to Sunny.

Dirty deeds were meant to be done under the cover of darkness. And although them having tea in a friendly atmosphere seemed innocent enough, in truth, it was a meeting between two people who conspired to usurp the world in a mayhem of violence. There was hardly a dirtier and more treasonous intent than a bloody rebellion.

Today, they were going to reveal their cards to each other. Without knowing what each of them was scheming, it would be impossible to form a meaningful cooperation.

Cassie was going to relay all the information to Nephis, of course.

She sighed.

"Fundamentally, there are two tasks that need to be accomplished. One is to eliminate the Sovereigns, The other is to usurp their thrones, Needless to say, both are hard to achieve.”

She sipped her tea and took a bite from a soft pastry.

"You should know by now some of the work that has gone into ensuring the former. Ultimately, Nephis is responsible for warfare and conquest. My role in ensuring the downfall of the Sovereigns is limited - for now, I have been mainly focused on elevating her renown in the hearts of the people. It's pure propaganda - I have my avenues of manipulating the public opinion, and Jet has the government sources, as well. It... has been a long road, to get where we are now."

She smiled faintly.

"Of course, we were fortunate in many regards. The decision made by the government to turn Nephis into a symbol, back when she had failed to return from the Forgotten Shore, was a stroke of luck. The reason why they made that decision the great and tragic legacy of Immortal Flame and Broken Sword - is a grim blessing, as well. Conquering the Second Nightmare as a Sleeper and being adopted by a Great Clan added momentum to her rise to glory and breathed new life into her stirring tale. lіght\nоvеl\саvе~c`о/m .And lastly, the harsh treatment she received from the elders of Valor only played into our hand, fuelling the flames of her legend,"

Cassie shook her head lightly, 

"Plus, it is not that hard to embellish Neph's achievements. No, not even so..., there is no need to embellish anything. Her past feats are astonishing, and she has fought against the Nightmare Spell tirelessly for the past four years. She is always on the forefront, spilling her own blood for someone else's sake. Better yet, she has never lost a battle after becoming a Saint. The number of lives she has saved is incalculable. So It's embarrassing to admit, but my job as her spymaster is rather easy. I just have to fan the flames and help the stories of her deeds spread faster and wider."

She took another sip of tea and remained silent for a moment.

"It is to strengthen the foundation of her Domain, of course. But not only for that. If... when Nephis faces the Sovereigns in battle and vanquishes them, it is paramount that her Domain consumes theirs. There is no point otherwise. The Sword Domain, the Song Domain - when the war is over, there should only be the Immortal Flame Domain, and it must encompass all of humanity. Becoming the Human Domain. Not only because hundreds of millions of people in the Dream Realm would be thrust into the First Nightmare otherwise, but also to prepare for what comes next."

Cassie unhurriedly finished her pastry.

"There are a lot of things that must be done to achieve that. Nephis is already immensely venerated by the people, but when the time comes, she has to be acknowledged by the Saints who hold dominion over the Citadels, They must pledge their loyalty to her after Ki Song and Anvil of Valor are gone. It would be simpler to eliminate all the loyalists and raise new ones to replace them, but those loyalists are also the foundation of humanity's strength. So, we have to proceed with a surgical decapitation strike instead of a thorough culling. Then, we must get every Legacy Clan to bow before the new queen."

Her expression darkened a little.

"There are already more than a few Saints who share a bond with Nephis. Like Sky Tide of the White Feather clan, who had been mistreated by Valor, and whose life we saved during the Battle of the Black Skull. There are others, as well, who have been helped by her in recent years. The government will follow Jet, and we even have a few connections in the Song Domain. However... there is still a lot of work to be done, on that front. If there is a saving grace to all that, it's that the weight of an individual in the era of the Nightmare Spell is infinitely greater than it had ever been before. Because one person can indeed be more powerful than an army. If Nephis is the only Supreme left standing, then many people would feel compelled to submit, simply because resisting her would be a tall task."

She closed her eyes for a moment, a tired expression on her face.

"Still, there has to be a neat story to create a veil of legitimacy, And that..., that is much harder to manifest out of thin air. As things are going, the assassination attempt on Nephis would be used as the reason for the war-so, in a way, the war will start from her. If we want everyone to accept her ending it, then we must position her as the voice of those who are opposed to the war from the very start. That way, when she betrays her adoptive clan and eliminates both Sovereigns, we can present it as a courageous person making a reluctant choice to stop two warmongering tyrants, not a murderous opportunist who wants to become a tyrant herself. A peacemaker, not a usurper"

Her tea was growing cold.

"That is it, in broad strokes. Now, for the details... where do I even start?"

After that, Cassie went into a detailed explanation of all the schemes she was weaving behind the scenes, every resource at Neph's disposal, every connection, every clandestine preparation, every strategy and tactic they had developed for the eventual battle against the Sovereigns.

She spoke for quite some time, to say the least. The scope of it all was nothing short of daunting... so much so that Sunny doubted which one of them had seven bodies, for a moment.

The work had started a long time ago - pretty much immediately after the Forgotten Shore. However, it had only truly ramped out in the last four years, It seemed like neither Cassie nor Nephis had rested even for a minute after becoming Saints.

And yet, it still didn't seem enough.

How could it be, if their goal was so ambitious? Not only did they want to bring down the current rulers of the world, but also to put the crown on Neph's head.

After a while, Cassie grew quiet. By then, one of the avatars had replaced the tea kettle several times, as well as delivered more refreshments.

Sunny sighed, then shook his head slightly.

"I understand that the actual battle with the Sovereigns is not your responsibility, Cassie. Nephis is in charge of that. However... I still think that you are treating the act of killing them too lightly. Your preparations are insufficient. Your approach is too reliant on simply willing victory into existence. Sure, that is exactly what Nephis is known for... but, still. There is a huge hole in the plan."

He lingered for a few moments, then smiled darkly.

"...Luckily, I am here to fill it.”




***
Chapter 1792: Bait and Switch


***






Sunny remained silent for a few moments, then stood up.

"Please, follow me. I want to show you something."

Cassie rose, and they walked together through the impenetrable darkness. As they did, he spoke in a tone of indifference:

"You know a lot about what I've been up to after becoming a Saint. For a while... I did not even have plans of ever returning. So, my preparations are not as extensive as yours. Still, I've been working on bringing down the Sovereigns earnestly, in my own way."

She nodded.

"Your involvement is both welcome and appreciated. You might want to be modest, Sunny... but there is really no need to. There are very few Saints more powerful than you. Maybe even none. So, your presence alone is significant enough to change the balance of power entirely."

Sunny smiled.

"Who says that I want to be modest? Yes, I am powerful. Not only am I powerful, but each of my Shadows is also a walking calamity. There are only six people in the world that I am inclined to be wary of the three Sovereigns, Mordret, Nephis... and you.

His smile widened.

"And look at that, three of the six have decided to join hands to defeat the rest. I'd be afraid of us if 1 was someone else."

They returned to the inner sanctum of the temple and entered the stairwell to the underground level.

Sunny's smile dimmed a little.

"Returning to my preparations to kill the Supremes. Make no mistake... I am determined to achieve Supremacy without venturing into a Nightmare, as well. It's just that while Nephis is prevented from doing so by circumstances, I simply can't. Because... well, you know. Sadly, I must admit that I am half a step behind her, in that regard. Which is why my plan revolved around battling at least one of the Sovereigns as Saints."

They reached the great underground hall, which was drowning in darkness. Sunny had hidden it from Nephis the last time around. However, Cassie was witnessing the world through his eyes - so, she could see everything that he could see.

She was momentarily frozen in place.

"Don't worry. It's safe."

The hidden level was like a reflection of the main hall, as if someone had flipped the entire temple and put it below ground upside-down. The great pillars of black marble descended from the tall ceiling and rested on the floor, and silence reigned in the vast expanse of solemn emptiness. There were only two differences - the absence of the altar and the mystical circle that took the entirety of the far wall.

The circle itself looked... quite striking. It was as if the great wall of black marble had turned into liquid once, and swirled around an invisible axis before solidifying in a sudden ripple. It was both orderly and chaotic, enthralling and unnerving... but mostly beautiful.

It was also capable of absorbing a vast amount of essence like a bottomless vortex. Because of that, it emanated a sense of magnetic pressure.

Cassie was stunned by the sight.

"What... what kind of sorcery is this?"

Sunny looked at the great circle, too.

"A kind that is much older than all the rest. Divine sorcery." 

If it could even be called that. Sorcery was something that followed a framework of laws and principles to shape the world, usually by manipulating soul essence. Divine sorcery, however, was simply a manifestation of a deity's will.  lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. There were some tricks to it, no doubt - otherwise, there would be no need for the mystical circle to exist, or for the string of fate belonging to the Chain Lords to be contained in the seven knives.

However, Sunny could not even begin to guess these tricks. For all intents and purposes, divine sorcery created miracles, not magic.

There was a hint of awe in Cassie's voice:

"What does it do?"

Sunny remained silent for a moment, then answered evenly:

"You probably don't know, but the Nameless Temple has not always stood in Godgrave. In fact, I found it somewhere else. It is a wandering Citadel, and the circle allows it to wander."

Cassie's brow furrowed a little.

He knew that learning that fact pushed her into rethinking a thousand of preconceived notions.

A few moments later, she turned to him and slowly said:

"You put it in Godgrave... as bait."

He smiled, allowing her to continue.

"You knew that a Citadel standing in the middle of the future battlefield would possess an irresistible attraction for both Song and Valor. So, you put your temple here and let your presence be known by delivering those Sleepers to the Song Domain. Then, you just sat back and waited... until Nephis arrived. Instead of infiltrating the Sword Army, you let them invite you to join. Shower you with gifts and try to appease you, even. Just to have you fight on their side, which was your goal all along."

Sunny chuckled.

"You are half-right."

Cassie raised an eyebrow.

"Only half?"

He nodded.

"It is true that the Nameless Temple is bait. But it is also a trap."

Sunny inhaled deeply and looked up, as if trying to pierce the marble walls with his gaze.

"The clash with the Sovereigns is inevitable, and one way or the other, it must happen here. Either they will come to besiege my Citadel, or I will move it to besiege them. Even if Nephis manages to become a Sovereign, she will still be new and inexperienced as a ruler of a Domain. So, she'll need all the help she can get when she faces the enemy."

He lingered for a moment.

"The darkness that surrounds the Nameless Temple is not one of its Components. In fact... well, you might not remember if I tell you where I received it from. Suffice it to say, it is a shard of an ancient Domain. A Divine Domain. The Realm of Shadows."

Sunny sighed.

"I can't control it, and am too weak to claim ownership of it. However, it is still a piece of a foreign Domain of unfathomable power. When either of the Sovereigns enters it, their authority will be weakened, if not suppressed entirely."

Cassie considered his words carefully, Slowly, a hesitant smile appeared on her lips.

Then, she seemed to think of something else.

"But your plans would not be limited to just weakening their authority... you are far too thorough to be satisfied with just that."

Suddenly, her eyes widened.

"The Great abominations that sleep below the temple!"

His smile turned a little sinister.

"Yes. They are a present I've been preparing for the Sovereigns. A swarm of Great Nightmare Creatures to welcome them as my guests, freshly freed from a maze of nightmares and burning with furious desire to avenge their imprisonment. Of course, just that is not worthy of a proper welcome gift. I should be a generous host, after all."

Cassie tilted her head a little. A moment later, she faced him with a flash of understanding in her beautiful blue eyes.

"In the memories... you had a fifth Shadow. A black stallion who wields power over dreams. However, I've never seen him here, or with any of your other incarnations. Sunny... where is that Shadow?"

Sunny grinned.

His gaze fell down, at the floor of the Nameless Temple.

After a while, he said:

"Nightmare is busy with an important task. He is lulling a special guest into slumber. The centerpiece of my welcoming committee."

He faced Cassie with a cold expression.

"A very nasty creature of the Cursed Rank. Since we're inviting the Sovereigns, we should have a guest of honor, don't you think?”




***
Chapter 1793: Soft Hand


***






Nephis had judged that the only way to defeat the Sovereigns was to become Supreme.

However, Sunny had held a different opinion. He had been fully prepared to face them as a Saint- just as he had faced countless adversaries of a higher Rank than him in the past. People like him were forged by bringing down creatures more powerful than them, so in principle, there wasn't much difference.

All he had to do was study the enemy, ensnare them in a net of deceit and treachery, and then put his life on the line. Wait for them to break themselves against each other, and then deliver a fatal strike to finish off the battered foes.

That was why he had made the Nameless Temple into a trap, and sent Nightmare to assemble a swarm of slumbering horrors.

The Dream Curse... was a frightening power. It spread unseen, infecting those unfortunate enough to contract it one after another. Its influence was subtle and insidious, and by the time the curse was ready to pull its victim into the maze of nightmares, it was already too late to resist it.

Of course, the Great Nightmare Creatures slumbering under the temple still tried. They struck against the walls of the dream prison, just like Sunny had done in the Kingdom of Hope - the nightmares subjugated by his Shadow were continuously destroyed, breaking apart under the onslaught.

However, at the same time, Nightmare conquered more of them... the new dreams he collected belonged to abominations of vast and terrifying power, and so, the walls of the dream maze grew stronger and stronger. As did the dark destrier himself.

Still, it was a daunting task for Nightmare to lull a Cursed being to sleep.

Sunny's steed had been at it for many months already. The Nightmare Creatures populating the area of the Hollows around the Cursed One's lair had succumbed to slumber one after the other. Then, the fallen deity itself was slowly infected, one drop of insidious poison at a time.

The Cursed One had resisted for a long time, but eventually, the Dream Curse seeped into its mind, body, and soul. At first, it would grow sluggish sometimes, then it would doze off for a minute or two before recovering. Finally, it fell asleep.

Its slumber was still restless and shallow, but Sunny was certain that he would be able to pull it Into the underground hall of the Nameless Temple before the Sovereigns came.

Of course... his preparations were flawed, as well.

He had started on this plan not long after returning to civilization, still disoriented by the changes that had happened in his absence and badly informed.

Sunny sighed.

It was not that Nephis was incapable of constructing a plan to clash with the Sovereigns as a Saint. She was experienced in slaying overwhelming foes, as well. It was just that it was not an option for her - because after the Chain of Nightmares, the two Domains were holding the equivalent of an entire Quadrant's population hostage.

If the Sovereigns were eliminated without a new Supreme taking their place, the Dream Realm would drown in human blood. And Nephis had made it clear in the Crimson Spire that she did not only care about reaching her goal, but also about reaching it the way she wanted.

So... as Sunny saw it, both of their plans had to succeed if they wanted to achieve an acceptable outcome.

'What are the chances that nothing will go wrong?’

There were many unpredictable factors. Mordret was a wild card... so were the Sovereigns themselves. There was also the third Supreme, Asterion, who was mysteriously missing.

But they had no choice but to try.

He looked at Cassie.

"That is the gist of it. I think that we stand a chance, if things go right for us. If things go wrong - which they will, I'm sure - then, well, I guess we'll have to improvise.”

She remained silent for a while, still stunned by the brazen audacity of his simple, but simply unbelievable plan.

Who would place a Citadel in the middle of a Death Zone, fill it with sleeping Great Nightmare Creatures, kidnap a Cursed One, and then bait the Sovereigns Into causing the swarm of horrors to wake up?

A thing like that was nothing short of unthinkable, and yet, the Lord of Shadows had not only thought it, but also made it true.

She shook her head slowly.

"Improvisation... yes..."

Then, Cassie took a deep breath and composed herself.

"The key to good improvisation is being prepared." Sunny smiled.

"I expected you to have a contingency."

Cassie was someone who had mastered the art of guiding events in a desired direction with a soft hand. A rigid plan was destined to fail, but if one was flexible enough, no unpredictable event could become an insurmountable obstacle. lіghtn\оvеl\саvе~c`о/m. The success of the astonishing web of schemes she had woven to give him a chance to be free was proof that her approach worked. 

So, she would have had something in mind for the Inevitable clash with the Sovereigns. 

The young woman sighed.

"It is nothing revolutionary. You should know well as an experienced hunter.. one should study the enemy before confronting them. The Sovereigns are shrouded in mystery. But if we want to strike them down, we need to know them... their upbringing, the environment in which they were formed into people they are, their youth. How the Broken Sword's cohort was formed, how it rose to glory. How it fell apart. All of that, and more."

A somber expression appeared on her face.

"Needless to say, most of that information is either erased or twisted to such a degree that learning anything truthful from it is impossible. I've been... trying to uncover as much as I can. But it hasn't been easy, and most of all, I've been very cautious, afraid to attract attention. The King of Sword still doesn't trust Nephis that much, after all. Being discovered would mean certain death."

She remained silent for a few moments, then added:

"But that is about to change. Once the war starts, everything would be thrown into chaos. That is when we'll be able to act more boldly. With my ability to read memories and perceive many things, and your versatile arsenal of stealth and infiltration #abilities... if the two of us put our minds together, I'm sure that we can uncover a great number of secrets under the cover of the mayhem."

Cassie took a deep breath.

"Including the most important one!"

Sunny gave her a long look.

"What do you think is the most important secret?"

Cassie hesitated for a while, then faced him and said quietly:

"...You are right. Our battle plan is too vague. But there is something that can make the odds much more favorable a piece of information that is as important as it is tightly sealed. At the end of it all... I suspect that the success of our entire endeavor will be decided by whether we manage to solve that mystery or not."

Her beautiful eyes grew cold.

"The single most important thing we must learn... are the Flaws of the Sovereigns. If we grasp their Flaws, victory will be ours. If not, all that awaits us are the flames of hell."

Sunny looked at her silently for a while.

Eventually, he said:

"You want to steal the secret of their Flaws?"

Cassie lingered for a bit, then smiled.

"Yes, And I want you to help me steal it, Sunny.”




***
Chapter 1794:  Last Memory


***






There was a lot more to talk about, so they returned to the courtyard and Immersed themselves in a detailed discussion of the upcoming war. Now that both knew what hidden cards they held, they could work out how to deal with a great number of possible events effectively. At the same time, more issues were uncovered as they discussed tactical solutions.

For example, Cassie possessed a much deeper knowledge of what Aspects, Abilities, and Memories the main combatants of both Domains possessed. She could share all that knowledge with Sunny, which would help him deal with these people on the battlefield, should the need arise.

He had collected a lot of information in the last year, but she knew more. So, he felt a subtle sense of excitement as many of the gaps in his understanding of the playing field, the players, and the figures they would move were covered one by one.

Still, it was a strange conversation. Neither of them had the ability to predict how the war would turn out, exactly. So, they were simply preparing themselves to face the unknown as best they could. The rulers of the Great Clans were having similar meetings, without a doubt.  lіg\htn\оvеlс\аvе~cо\m. Granted, theirs were much more crowded and ostentatious.

Sunny also knew that, although he was facing Cassie, Nephis was passively participating in the conversation as well. The blind seer had the ability to communicate with her telepathically, after all. So, she was both talking to him and relaying the necessary information to Nephis at the same time, asking for her Input when it was needed.

After a while, it seemed like they had finally exhausted the deep well of things that needed to be discussed urgently. Finally, silence enveloped the Nameless Temple once more.

Cassie poured herself more tea and picked up the cup, turning to the lonesome tree.

After a while, she spoke evenly:

"The situation is developing rapidly in the waking world. Clan Valor has already leveled accusations against Master Dar and Silent Stalker. They are not pointing directly at Clan Song, yet, but when the Queen inevitably refuses to support the investigation, it would be all too easy to make it seem as if she is implicated."

She let out a deep sigh.

"Both Domains are boiling with indignation. The citizens of the Sword Domain are in outrage over the attempt on Neph's life, while those in the Song Domain are appalled at being accused of it. Passions are burning hot, and all the seeds of discord that had been planted earlier are blooming. The situation is highly volatile. If this continues..."

The young woman hesitated for a few moments,

"I'm afraid that peace won't outlive winter, Come spring, one of the Sovereigns will declare war”

Spring was roughly a month away. Sunny knew these facts himself, but he still couldn't quite believe that the calamity was so near.

Had the ancient people felt the same way in the days before the Doom War?

A month was not a lot of time at all.

He closed his eyes for a moment.

'I won't be able to forge the sword for Nephis in time.’

Nor would he be able to solve the mirror maze below the true Bastion in time. Not to mention that he had not even gotten close to infiltrating the Jade Palace yet.

It seemed that he would only be able to gain more fragments of Weaver's lineage after the rulers of the two Great Citadels were gone. Unless he wanted to leave his main body and one of the six shadows on the sidelines, leaving himself in a weakened state for the carnage in Godgrave.

What was he going to do with the humble shopkeeper once the war started?

Nephis would leave Bastion. Cassie, too...

Was he really going to stay?

Sunny sighed, then looked at his blind companion.

"I don't think that our private deal can continue."

Cassie had agreed to hide his presence in the true Bastion in exchange for reading his memories. Sunny could only sneak there when the moon was full. And if the war was going to start in a month...

She remained silent for a moment.

"There is still a full moon left before the war.”

Sunny shook his head dejectedly.

"I don't think that I'll be able to conquer that maze in a single night. Still... there is one more memory I want to show you."

A pale smile appeared on his lips.

"So, how about we do it right now?"

Cassie was a little startled.

"Now? Here?"

He nodded.

"We are alone, and no one will disturb us. I'll have more time to explore the maze if I pay for your services in advance."

She seemed a little hesitant.

"Are you sure?"

Instead of answering, Sunny finished his tea, then stood up and moved his chair closer.

"Quite sure. Look into my eyes."

Cassie remained motionless for a few moments, then did what he had told her to do.

Sunny thought back to the Forgotten Shore.

***

He was laying on the weathered stone, staring dispassionately at the empty black sky. His face was motionless, and his eyes were empty.

He had scaled the statue of the Knight a day or two ago, and simply remained there without moving ever since. This was where he had first arrived at the Forgotten Shore, all those years ago.

There was no feeling or desire in his heart.

‘...How did I end up on this damned statue all alone again?’

Life was such a funny thing. He had worked so hard, and suffered so much, but here he was, right where he had started.

What was he supposed to do now?

He remembered the black mirror of the sealed sea once more, feeling regretful for not diving into its dark depths. That would have been a fitting way to end it all.

But he had already decided against it, so there was no going back.

Instead, he would just stay here for a while more.

Another day passed in deafening silence.

And then, another.

And then... Sunny grew bored.

It seemed that boredom was a much more powerful emotion than all the rest. Because he was still tormented by it, even when nothing else was able to bother him much.

Eventually, Sunny let out a frustrated sigh.

"This is seriously tedious."

Muttering a curse, he sat up and looked around.

‘Alright.’

There was nothing more he wanted to see on the Forgotten Shore. So, it was time to decide where he was going to go next.

The Hollow Mountains lay south. The Nightmare Desert lay east.

No one knew what lay west and north.

So, these were his two choices.

Follow the mountains west, or venture in the opposite direction of where humans lived?

'Let's get as much distance between me and humanity as possible.'

Sunny smiled faintly, then stood up.

In the past, it was an arduous process for him, to descend from the colossal statue. But now, he simply stepped and fell down, turning into a crow at the last moment. Opening his wings, he glided on the cold wind and flew above the ashen desert.

It was time to delve into the unknown.




***
Chapter 1795: Burned Forest


***






Before leaving the statue of the Knight behind, Sunny hesitated for a while, and then manifested one of his avatars. Taking control of that incarnation, he left a tether on the ancient stone.

Sunny had the ability to possess seven bodies now, but he still only had a single soul. Each of his incarnations was nevertheless capable of having its own tether. He wasn't sure that he would want to return to the Forgotten Shore, but since crossing the Hollow Mountains again did not sound particularly pleasant, decided to leave himself a path, just in case.

With that done, Sunny went north. Riding Nightmare, he traversed the silent darkness at a measured pace. The hooves of his tenebrous steed rustled softly in the ashen dust, and with each day, the distance between him and the distant human territories continued to increase.

He had never visited the northern reaches of the Forgotten Shore before, so everything here was new to him. Granted, there was not much to look at - at times, curious landmarks appeared on the horizon, but none of them managed to pique his interest.

There were crumbled ruins, bones of ancient leviathans, and frames of rotten ships. He left it all behind, feeling calm and unburdened, There was nothing he had to accomplish and no looming necessity urging him forward.  lіg\htnо\vеlс\аvе~cо\m. Time lost all meaning to him. 

He slept when he was tired and ate when he was hungry. Other than that, Sunny did not concern himself with anything.

Of course, he still forced himself to maintain vigilance. There could still be Nightmare Creatures left on the Forgotten Shore, and even if there were none, it was a bad idea to break the habit of always paying attention to his surroundings.

Eventually, the landscape around him changed.

Sunny first noticed that there was less and less dust covering the ground. Then, patches of dark soil started to appear with increased frequency. That meant that the coral labyrinth had been sparser here once.

A few days later, he started to encounter tall hills. There were more of them the further north he went, standing in a strangely orderly manner. After investigating one of the hills, Sunny discovered that it was artificial in nature. He could sense a vast burial chamber somewhere far below him.

It was a barrow.

Climbing to the top of the burial hill, Sunny looked around and counted. However, there were too many of them to count - giving up after a few hundred, he sat down and stared into the darkness for a while.

Then, he stepped into the shadows and descended into the burial chamber.

A broken sarcophagus stood there, at least ten meters in length. Inside were the bones of a nameless glant. There were remains of crude armor covering the bones, but time had erased all clues of who was buried here, and by whom.

There was no vengeful wraith waiting for Sunny in the burial chamber. Nevertheless, he suddenly felt cold sweat rolling down his spine. Trusting the sense of dire premonition, he threw one last look at the sarcophagus and dissolved into the shadows.

Returning to the surface, Sunny looked at the boundless black sky and climbed into the saddle. Even Nightmare seemed nervous in the vicinity of the ominous hill, so he wasted no time to leave.

Riding north, Sunny couldn't help but remember the Nightmare Gate near Rain's school. The abominations he had fought that day were called the Barrow Wraiths. Were they, perhaps, connected to the builders of these barrows?

...The next day, he saw sunlight for the first time in a long, long time.

At first, Sunny did not even realize what was happening, thinking that there was something wrong with his eyes. But then, he understood that he wasn't seeing things-the impenetrable darkness of the empty sky was indeed turning paler.

Stunned, he dismounted and sat on the ground, looking at the eastern horizon.

As the sky brightened, color slowly returned to the world. From black, to midnight blue, to pale lilac. And then, finally, beautiful magenta that gave way to a golden dawn.

The sun rose above the horizon like a chalice of divinity, illuminating the world.

'How strange.'

Sunny's face was wet.

He didn't even know why he was crying - he didn't feel particularly sad, or happy, or awed. It was just pleasant to witness something beautiful. To not be lost from light anymore.

His eyes had just grown accustomed to the peaceful darkness, perhaps.

‘I've left the Forgotten Shore.’

He smiled.

Sunny was pretty sure that no other human had ventured that far north before. He had discovered a new region of the Dream Realm.

That meant that there would be Nightmare Creatures waiting for him in the unexplored wilderness. Still, he wasn't discouraged.

His reserves of food were running quite low, after all.

When the sun rose and the sky was painted grey, Sunny continued on his way. This time, he was especially careful, knowing that unknown herrers could attack him at any moment.

Soon, a dark line appeared on the horizon. He assumed that there would be another mountain chain barring his path, but was proven wrong after getting closer.

Sitting in the saddle, Sunny looked ahead with an emotionless face.

Out there in front of him... a sea of jagged black pillars was rising into the sky, each as wide as a tower. It was as if countless dead giants were reaching toward the sky with twisted, skeletal fingers.

The pillars... were the blackened, broken trunks of great trees. He was looking at a destroyed forest of titanic proportions.

Sunny was struggling to imagine how tall the trees had been before they were broken and toppled, and how vast the forest was. All that he could tell was that it was a land meant for deities, not mortals.

Urging Nightmare forward, Sunny slowly entered the burned forest. Despite the thousands of years that had passed since it was devoured by flames, the scorched trees had not decayed and crumbled into dust. They were still intact, just broken - it was as if someone had vengefully shattered each one, so that none remained standing.

The broken trunks covered the ground, intertwined into an impassable disarray, Most of them were as wide as roads, stretching at steep angles or sloping down, into the dark depths of the deadfall. The layer of broken trees must have been several hundred meters thick, and there was no telling what hid in the gaps between the charred remains of the ancient trees.

Sunny had no desire to find out, so he sent Nightmare onto the nearest horizontal trunk.

Moving forward wasn't easy, since he often had to change directions, going up and down or jumping from one fallen tree to another.

A few hours later, Sunny encountered his first foe.




***
Chapter 1796: End of the World


***






It was a black, glistening millipede that lunged at him from under the deadfall. Its armored body was about three meters in length, as wide as an adult man's torso. Instead of a pair of mandibles, it had an eerily human mouth full of sharp, needle-like fangs.

The millipede was a Corrupted Beast.

Sunny did not move from the saddle and simply turned his head with a dark look. Before the creature could reach him, dark tentacles rose from the blackened surface of the dead tree and enveloped it, slamming the abomination down. Then, they moved like saws, their undersides turning into sharp blades.

A few heartbeats later, the millipede was sawn into a dozen bleeding chunks. It struggled weakly, and then grew still.

Sunny dismissed the shadows and stared at the gruesome remains incredulously. Then, he sighed and looked up.

"...I'm supposed to eat that?"

Before he could jump off the saddle to harvest the millipede's meat and soul shards, though, he sensed a tide of shadows moving in his direction.

Soon enough, the broken forest came alive. It looked as if a flood of darkness flowed from under the ancient trunks, rushing at him with terrible speed. A deafening rustle assaulted his ears.

Sunny cursed in a stifled voice.

The flood of darkness was not the second coming of the Dark Sea - Instead, there were more millipedes slithering towards him. Thousands of them, at least, all of the same Rank and Class as the first one.

Sunny was powerful. He was even powerful beyond belief, if compared to an average Saint. However, he was not inclined to battle a swarm of thousands of Corrupted Beasts.

Dismissing Nightmare, he turned into a shadow and fled. A moment later, the tide of millipedes flowed over the remains of their fallen sibling, and in a split second, the meat he had been reluctant to collect was gone. Not even a piece of black chitin remained.

Gliding away stealthily, Sunny let out a bitter, mental sigh.

'No wonder.'

No wonder none of the Sleepers of the Forgotten Shore had managed to find salvation by trying to reach another region of the Dream Realm. Even if they somehow managed to traverse thousands of kilometers of the crimson labyrinth, hiding from the Dark Sea at night, all that awaited them beyond the coral was death.

Hollow Mountains and Nightmare Desert were a death warrant. But this Burned Forest was not any better. It was another Death Zone.

Sunny had no doubt that there was no salvation west of the Forgotten Shore, either.

‘Doesn't matter.’

Leaving the swarm of millipedes behind, he continued to move north.

***

It took Sunny a long time to make his way through the Burned Forest. He was quickly reminded that he was at the bottom of the food chain - after that first encounter with the swarm of Corrupted Beasts, he met many more Nightmare Creatures, most of them much more powerful than the millipedes were.

There were plenty of Great abominations on the outskirts of the forest... as for its depths, Sunny had not dared venturing there, moving instead in a wide circle.

He had evaded some and killed some. His food stores were replenished, but his body was in a sorry state. It was to the point where he had to remain in the form of a shadow for a while, using one of the avatars as the main vessel of his consciousness instead.

His incarnations were independent of each other, so if one received a wound, it was not reflected on the rest. Because of that, he could rotate them when there was a need, letting the damaged ones heal while the fresh ones fought.

That way, he managed to survive crossing the Burned Forest.

There were days when he moved, days when he rested, and days when he hid himself in the darkness, scouting the way ahead with utmost caution.

During one of such days, Sunny witnessed something that rattled him to the core.

As his shadow climbed on the taller remnant left behind by one of the burned trees, he could suddenly see deep into the forest, where an enormous depression in the earth was carpeted by broken trunks.

And in the middle of that vast plain stood a charred stump.

The sight of that stump left Sunny speechless.

Its size was truly unimaginable. The surface where the trunk of the colossal tree had broken off was vast enough to be considered a plateau. Each bulging, blackened root was like a mountain.  lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. The creases of the scorched bark were like deep valleys, and the shadows populating them were enough to drown entire cities. 

Sunny could not imagine what could have destroyed such a tree. When it had stood whole, its crown must have brushed against the stars, and the sun must have passed between its branches, following the moon.

If there had truly been a world tree, then this had to be its corpse.

Somebody had annihilated it, complete with innumerable living beings that must have lived on its colossal branches.

‘...I'm so small.’

Hidden far away, in a dark fissure between two fallen trunks, Sunny smiled darkly.

He was so far below the unimaginable tree, and the being who had destroyed it, that even thinking

about himself in that context was preposterous.

For now, at least.

***

Not long after that, Sunny continued his journey. He arduously made his way through the Burned Forest, and eventually left it behind.

By then, the sun did not rise at night anymore.

The sky was not entirely black, though. It was illuminated by countless stars, and although the moon did not show itself, he could see a ghostly radiance sometimes, as if it was hidden just out of sight.

The weather slowly turned more and more severe. Sunny was no stranger to cold, but still, he was starting to struggle slightly.

The ground was slowly devoured by ice. Sunny continued to move north, and at some point, he could not see ground at the bottom of the deep cracks in the ice anymore - instead, there was only water.

By then, he really felt as if he was approaching the edge of the world.

Sunny journeyed on, overcome by strange excitement.

Would he really reach the boundary of the Dream Realm? There was curvature to the horizon here, so reasonably, this strange world was supposed to be a sphere, just like Earth. So, he might end up entering the Stormsea from the south.

However, reason did not always work in the Dream Realm. So, Sunny could easily imagine that the world would just end, opening up into an endless dark abyss. Or maybe an infinity of billowing white mist... into nothing.

What would it feel like, to stand on the edge of the world and peer beyond?

Suffering from cold and lethal wind, Sunny stubbornly moved further north.

There was nothing around him anymore. No ruins, no Nightmare Creatures, no signs of ancient battles. Only the wind, the ice, and the stars.

But then, one day...

Something suddenly appeared in the distance. A shape that was different from all the rest, too orderly and smooth to not be artificial,

Barely containing his fascination, Sunny walked in that direction.

He moved closer and closer, until the strange structure finally revealed itself.

Sunny stumbled.

His weathered face suddenly froze. All traces of excitement were erased from it, replaced by a deep, powerful emotion that wasn't quite horror and wasn't quite shock, but very close to both.

He swayed slightly.

"Aaaah...."

A slow exhale slowly escaped from his lips.

Sunny sank to his knees.

Tears rolled from his eyes, turning into drops of ice.

"Here... it's here."

It was.

A bitter smile split his pale face apart.

Out there in front of him, hidden in the ice... stood a small settlement. It was surrounded by a thick wall, which was now broken and covered in snow.

There was a large dome-like structure towering above the settlement, painted white against the backdrop of the starlit sky. It resembled a giant, perfectly smooth egg.

It was an observatory... a lunar observatory.

It was LO49.




***
Chapter 1797: Last Refuge


***






Sunny would have loved to be wrong. He would have liked to believe that he had lost his sanity from solitude and hopelessness. Or even that he had fallen under the effect of a strange mind hex.

That he was looking at an illusion conjured by some harrowing abomination.

But in his heart, he knew that his eyes weren't lying to him. Out there in front of him, buried in snow and ice, was indeed Lunar Observatory Forty-Nine - the research settlement where he had met Beth and Professor Obel once, during the Chain of Nightmares. Where Dusk of Fallen Grace killed everyone except for a handful of people that Sunny had taken away in time.

The dome of the old observatory was the same. The alloy wall was the same, even if its turrets had turned into ice sculptures. The empty buildings where the scientists, soldiers, and assisting personnel had once lived and worked were the same, too.

The research installation stood lonesomely under the starlit sky, drowning in snow. Sunny shivered,

"H-how..."

But he knew how, Wind Flower had warned him... she had told him that his world would be consumed by the Dream Realm one day, Just like hers. He had known that it was Inevitable for a long time.

However, Sunny had never thought that the process would have started so soon.

‘I thought... we still... had time.’

He remained motionless for a while, taking in the eerle sight of the empty facility with an expression that went beyond despair.

It felt so wrong, to see alloy walls and prefab structures in the Dream Realm.

Appalling.

Sunny had no words to describe what he was feeling. He had left the waking world behind... and yet, witnessing the root of its future destruction had rattled him to the very core.

The dilapidated streets of the outskirts. The beautiful terrace district in the inner city. The fortress-like Awakened Academy. The prestigious school where Rain had studied. Everything he knew... would be swallowed by the Dream Realm soon.

Worse than that. All the places that formed the background of his memories would not just be transported to another world. They would become forgotten ruins - just the kind Sunny was fond of exploring. Weathered, forlorn, and teeming with revolting abominations.

That was the grim future of the world infected by the Nightmare Spell.

Only... there would be no one to explore the ruins of the waking world and wonder about the people who had populated them once. Because Sunny's realm was the last to be consumed. There would be no explorers left to remember their lives and struggles.

The waking world would cease to exist. Maybe not in a year, or even a decade...

But the process had already started.

Sunny did not know how long he had spent kneeling in the snow in front of the silent research station. Eventually, though, he shakily rose to his feet and walked toward the crumbled wall. 

He spent some time wandering LO49 in a daze.

Back then, Sunny had left in a hurry. After delivering his cohort and the two civilians to safety, he mounted Nightmare and returned - but he did not enter the facility again, only looking at it from afar.  lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m.  Everyone was gone, taken by Dusk of Fallen Grace.

Even though Sunny killed the Terror later with the help of Naeve and Saint Bloodwave, the memory of the empty settlement was still connected to a feeling of powerlessness and deep, chilling fear in his heart.

Funnily enough, he felt the same way now. Nothing seemed to have changed in LO49. There was some damage caused by the harsh environment, and the exteriors of the alloy buildings were covered in ice and snow, However, the interiors were in surprisingly good condition.

All the tech had stopped working, of course. But the material legacy was all there.

There were clothes, furniture, and decorations. Kitchen utensils, writing Implements, and synthetic paper. The Important data had been stored digitally, but many scientists had been in the habit of writing notes by hand or drawing complicated formulas on the boards.

There were also useless items people accumulated throughout their lives. Toys, trinkets, and sentimental mementoes. Posters, musical instruments, and handicrafts.

Some of it would decay with the passage of time. But actually, most of the things created by modern humans were quite lasting.

If someone unfamiliar with the civilization of the waking world visited this place in the future... what would they think about the people who had perished at LO49?

Would they think that the ancient people had been ingenious and worthy of admiration, excelling in craft and architecture? That they created enchanting art, pursued enlightenment, and were quite knowledgeable about the arcane principles that governed the world?

Or that the ancient people had been warlike and austere, living in harsh conditions and surrounding their utilitarian homes by tall metal walls? After all there were weapons and military uniforms everywhere in LO49, as well.

However, there were no corpses. No bones, no signs of a vicious battle. Nobody would know what had happened here, and at best, they would feel idle curiosity about the fate of the missing inhabitants.

About as much of it as Sunny had felt in the ruins of the overgrown city where the Cursed Tyrant, Condemnation, dwelled.

There was a bitter taste in his mouth.

It was because Sunny knew better than most what it meant to be forgotten.

Sometimes, not being remembered was worse than death.

'Ah. I hate it'

Still unable to come to terms with the dreadful revelation, he remained motionless for a while, and then left the settlement to wander around.

It was strange.

The research facility was how it had been. Some of its surroundings were familiar, too...

But the rest was not.

The ocean shore might have been hidden under the ice, but the mountains were definitely missing. After exploring the area more thoroughly, Sunny made sure that he wasn't mistaken.

He had almost expected to find the entire Antarctica here, but somehow, it was nowhere to be found. There were no mountains, no highways, no underground base that he had used as shelter after meeting Gere and his small convoy of refugees.

Instead, there was just an endless plain of ice.

It was as if a small chunk had been torn out of the waking world and transported here, then stitched to the patchwork realm of nightmares.

No matter how long Sunny looked, he did not find another.

Still... the Dream Realm was vast.

There could be more pieces of Antarctica lost somewhere in the ice. Other areas could be elsewhere... Sunny would not be surprised if it turned out that a piece of America was now drifting somewhere in Stormsea, or that parts of Europe could be found west of the Forgotten Shore.

There was no point in continuing the search anymore. Nothing would change if he found another fragment of the waking world here.

Sunny looked south, where LO49 was hidden in the darkness.

Then, he looked north, at the endless expanse of ice.

The desire to explore the unknown that had pushed him forward so far... was inexplicably gone, doused by the grim discovery.

Letting out a sigh, he summoned the Marvellous Mimic, commanded it to turn into a hut, and went inside.

His mind was numb, and his heat was cold.

So, Sunny decided to sleep.




***
Chapter 1798: Knowledge of Everything


***






When Sunny woke up, reality was the same. His dreams did not change the cold, ruthless truth.

He had wondered a lot what he would find at the edge of this alien world, but never expected to find the end of his own.

Sunny slowly sat up and stared at the wall with an absent expression.

...Would he still be alone in this frozen wasteland when his world crumbled and become one with the spreading Dream Realm?

Reality was the same, but he was not.

It wasn't unexpected, to change after witnessing something so shocking. He had mused about how small he was in comparison to the colossal stump in the Burned Forest. But only witnessing the white dome of LO49 under the strange sky had really put his entire life in perspective.

Sunny was quite a self-centered person. He wasn't a narcissist or someone who had no empathy for anyone except himself, but he cared about himself more than he did about others. There were a few people out there he would die for - but even then, It was because they were dear to him, and their loss would hurt him terribly.

Only those who had not suffered before were oblivious enough to be truly selfless. People who had experienced anguish and pain knew the value of selfishness, because caring about oneself meant not having to suffer that anguish again.

So, Sunny was a reasonably selfish man. He was also a man who had experienced all kinds of torment, witnessed great tragedies, and endured it all to continue walking forward.

Still, even he could not remain unmoved in the face of the destruction of his world, and the extinction of his kind.

'She was right... knowledge is indeed the heaviest thing in the world.’

The winds were howling beyond the walls of the

empty hut. The sky was cold and dark. Pale starlight bathed the desolate expanse of ice, reflecting from it in a ghostly radiance.

Some distance away, the dome of LO49 stood lonesomely above the snow.

Sunny let out a long sigh.

He did not want to, but had no choice except to reevaluate a lot of things. Very important things, including the very concept of the future and his own place in its frightening reach.

In fact, even though Sunny did not know what to think yet, he felt that he had already made a few decisions.

It was just that he had not realized these decisions yet.

Life.,,, was so messy.

He had gone to Antarctica in search of conviction, thinking that his own was lacking. He did not find what he was looking for there, but instead learned that his own beliefs and aspirations were in no way inferior to anyone else's.

Sunny had also learned to despise the Sovereigns in Antarctica. The callous ghouls who played their games while countless people died, even though they could extend a hand and save them.

He wanted to make his will known and if not punish the tyrants, then at least prevent their hidden conflict from causing too much collateral damage among the civilian population. He did a few things to realize that goal, but before his efforts truly bore fruit, the Battle of the Black Skull happened.

And then, Sunny was thrown into the Third Nightmare.

What happened in the Tomb of Ariel... well. He made a proper mess of everything, and then somehow solved it, as well. But the way he solved it was more damaging than the Nightmare itself.

However, those... those were his personal issues. They had nothing to do with the Sovereigns, what he had wanted to do in Antarctica, and the fate of the world.

And by the time he returned, the Sovereigns had already made their move, and the Southern Campaign was over, Those refugees that had not been evacuated across the ocean fled into the Dream Gates, and left the waking world.  lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m.  Sunny's immediate goal had no meaning anymore. 

Sunny himself, meanwhile... was abandoned by the world. He was forgotten, expelled, and erased from existence. Untethered from everyone, and everything. Completely lost.

So, he left.

He left and never looked back, crossing the Hollow Mountains, the Forgotten Shore, and the Burned Forest in solitude. All to leave the world that had rejected him behind...

Only to find a piece of that world at the end of the journey.

What was he supposed to do now?

Should he continue to pretend that nothing of what was happening to humanity had anything to do with him now?

Should he continue to hide, keep his own company, and slowly lose his mind?

Should he continue going north?

Just yesterday, Sunny was full of excitement at the thought of exploring the uncharted parts of the Dream Realm.

But today, he did not care anymore. The thrill was gone, replaced by a heavy emptiness.

Summoning the Endless Spring, Sunny drank some water, sighed, and then absent-mindedly looked at the beautiful glass bottle.

That Memory of his had served him well over the years.

It was a gift from someone who didn't remember him anymore.

His expression turned cold.

...Of course, there was a different choice to be made, and a different destiny to be carved out.

Instead of heading north, he could turn around and go back.

He could return.

'And then what?’

Nobody remembered him. Nephis, Cassie, Effie, Kai, Jet, Rain... Teacher Julius, Saint Tyris, Beth... and everyone else.

They did not think or care about someone they did not know.

But Sunny remembered.

'When I go back... if I go back... I'll have to do a few tricky things.’

By now, he was powerful enough not to be a mere spectator. Why did he have to simply watch the ruthless players move the figures across the board? Instead, he could exert his influence to personally change the game.

A person like him could do a lot when no one was looking his way. The idea of confronting the Sovereigns seemed like pure madness before. It still did, but was it, really?

Could Sunny exert his will and reshape the world to fit his desires?

He would have to plot the downfall of Anvil of Valor and Ki Song.

There was the third one, as well... perhaps the most dangerous of the three.

But dealing with the Sovereigns was only the beginning.

Now that the destruction of everything was accelerating, there was only one way - forward, to the very end. Either the Nightmare Spell would swallow humanity, or be conquered by humans.

Supreme, Sacred, Divine.

The end could only be stopped if new gods were born of humanity. Therefore, that was what Sunny had to ensure... if he went back.

Did he dare to dream it?

A long time ago, Nephis had proclaimed her determination to conquer every Nightmare. Sunny had thought that she was insane back then.

The wind was growing colder outside.

He remained silent for a long time, listening to its howling.

‘...So what if it's insane?’

Sunny was not quite healthy in the mental department himself. He had not been for a long time.

He did dare to dream it. At this point, there was very little that he did not dare to do.

Walking out of the door, Sunny looked at the sky.

The sky was full of stars.

'I am nobody. And I have nothing.’

He inhaled the frigid air and looked south with a cold, dark gleam in his lightless eyes.

'So let's change everything.’

With that, he dismissed the Marvellous Mimic and reached into his soul, which was still tethered to the waking world.

Soon, his figure disappeared from the sea of starlit ice.

...Instead, a ragged silhouette appeared on a desolate street in the outskirts of NQSC, surrounded by a whirlwind of dancing snowflakes.




***
Chapter 1799: Back to Civilization


***






Sunny returned to the outskirts.

After years spent in the wild reaches of the Dream Realm, NQSC was like an explosion. Sunny almost fell to the ground after being assaulted by a myriad of movements and sensations. There were sounds, scents, and countless scenes. Most of all, there were shadows... a vast legion of them, all moving and changing, surrounding him like a boundless whirlpool.

Overwhelmed by them, he spent several days hiding in an abandoned room at the top of a ramshackle dormitory hive.

His mind wasn't ready for the sensory overload of being among hundreds of millions of people subduing his shadow sense, he waited for a while, slowly preparing himself to face humanity again.

Gradually, Sunny let his senses lose. First to envelop a few levels of the dormitory hive, then all of it. Laying in the darkness, he could feel thousands of humans go about their harsh lives, observing their sorrows, joys, and struggles.

Then, his shadow sense extended outward, enveloping the outskirts one street after another.

At some point, Sunny felt as if he was an invisible, omniscient deity. The area he could perceive was too vast for his mind to concentrate on each shadow, to witness every person - and yet, there was no better way of throwing himself into the half-forgotten feeling of being human.

Slowly, the feral grip of solitude that the Dream Realm had on his mind loosened. Sunny remembered how to be a person again.

His status in the waking world was... questionable. He didn't really exist. A nice family was now living in his terrace district house. He had no money, nо citizenship, and no home.

Which was pretty much exactly how it had been, back in the days of living as an outskirt rat.

A very familiar situation.

Of course, Sunny himself was entirely different from his younger self. He was a Saint now, which meant that he wasn't just a rat... he was the strongest, most vicious and fearsome rat in the world. The loftiest rat there was.

A true rat king.

The outskirts themselves had changed, as well. They were much emptier, as if someone had culled the population of this miserable place in the past few years. Sunny knew that many of the most disenfranchised people of the waking world had been seduced by the lure of the Dream Gates - one of his incarnations had followed Rain to Ravenheart, after all. But knowing and seeing were two different things,

'Even this place can change, huh.'

He felt… uprooted, somehow. But it was a good thing, for this part of his part to have changed. 

Moving in the shadows, Sunny found a better place to stay and thoroughly washed himself. Then, he procured a cheap communicator and a sizable sum of credits.  lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. Things that had been insurmountable for him as a kid were easier than breathing now.

He did not have to scrounge for food and shelter. He did not have to fear the other humans populating the city slums.

He could survive here with no effort whatsoever... live as lavishly as he wanted, even.

But what was the point if the world was already falling apart?

Sunny did not care about the bitter past. It had no hold over him anymore.

He... had outgrown the outskirts.

After getting himself in order, Sunny sighed, turned into a shadow, and reached for the tether.

His original body was still tethered to the Ivory Island... of course, the Ivory Island had long left the Chained Isles by now, and the Crushing was no more.

With its departure, the force keeping the flying islands afloat had weakened significantly, accelerating the demise of the region. The Sanctuary of Noctis was situated at the edge of the Chained Isles, so it was still safe, However, more and more islands fell into the Sky Below with each year, In a few decades, most likely, there would be none left, erasing the last remains of the Kingdom of Hope.

Except for the Ivory Tower itself.

Sunny had expected to find himself above Bastion, but it seemed that Nephis and Cassie had been sent out to accomplish a mission. The beautiful island was moving across the sky of the Sword Domain, and the Fire Keepers were preparing for battle.

Sunny did not disturb them and jumped off the edge, unnoticed.

Turning into a crow, he glided to the ground and watched the Ivory Island drift away.

Then, with a sigh, he summoned Nightmare and climbed into the saddle.

Funnily enough, his destination was in the north.

Sunny had plenty of time to consider the situation while getting his bearings in the outskirts, and although he did not have a concrete plan yet, he knew that one place would play a great role in the approaching war.

A Death Zone known as Godgrave.

So, that was where he headed.

Of course, to get there, he had to cross most of the Sword Domain first.

Strangely enough, the journey was relaxing.

Sunny had spent so much time braving the deadliest regions of the Dream Realm that the territories conquered by humans seemed peaceful and safe. As long as he remained vigilant, nothing here could seriously threaten him.

Granted, the Dream Realm was still dire and full of dangers. Overconfidence was still an insidious killer, and one mistake could cost him his life, it was just that the scale of that mistake had to be quite significant now.

Nevertheless, Sunny enjoyed the feeling of being at the top of the food chain. He rode Nightmare while four of his shadows served as a stealthy vanguard, circling him at a distance. That way, he was alerted of any danger long before it could pose a threat.

Sunny avoided the human settlements, but sent his shadows to observe them and collect the news from time to time. He was learning more about the current situation in the two worlds, and slowly working out the basics of a plan.

...A couple of weeks later, a mountain chain barred his path. It was much less impressive than the dreaded expanse of the Hollow Mountains, but still had a bad reputation. When Sunny was a small child, these mountains were the northern boundary of the human enclave in the Dream Realm.

After Valor's northward expansion, though, they were simply a natural barrier in the heart of the Sword Domain now.

Sunny studied them with a slightly surprised expression. Not because of their historical significance, but for an entirely different reason.

These mountains...

'No way.’

He recognized them.

The steep rocky slopes were barren, and sharp ridges were covered in snow. There was one mountain that towered above the rest, though...

Jagged and lonesome, it dwarfed other peaks of the mountain chain, cutting the night sky with its sharp edges. A radiant moon bathed its slopes in the ghostly, pale light.

It was the Black Mountain from his First Nightmare.




***
Chapter 1800: Return to the Black Mountain


***






Sunny often thought about the slave caravan, but he never actually tried to learn more about the events that had transpired in the Nightmare.

He knew that they had happened at the dusk of the Golden Age, not long before the start of the Doom War. Back then, the gods had grown indifferent and distant, and the soldiers of an expansionist empire that worshipped War wiped out the Shadow cult, burning down all its temples.

However, he did not know much about that empire and the lands it had conquered. The history of the Dream Realm was overshadowed by the calamitous destruction of the Doom War, and while it was possible to learn a thing or two about the previous eras, the devastation had erased most traces of the last human civilizations.

So, Sunny had never actually expected to behold the Black Mountain again.

He stared at its distant peak in bewilderment. Then, a sense of subtle curiosity bloomed in his heart.

‘...Might as well take a look'

Sunny actually felt a hint of sentimentality.

Back then, it took the caravan days to scale the mountain pass, Sunny remembered the agony of walking up the mountain road vividly - the cold, the pain, the biting touch of the iron shackles that shredded his wrists. He had felt so tired and weak, not knowing if he would survive the cruel march.

Many of the slaves had not, and ended up being tossed off the cliff after falling into the snow.

It was a hard thing, to climb a mountain while hungry and on the verge of freezing.

Today, Sunny simply stepped into the shadows and appeared halfway up the slope.

Step, step, and another step.

Just like that, he was standing below the towering edifice of the Black Mountain.

Thousands of years had passed since the day the slave caravan was destroyed. The mountain road had already been old and crumbling back then now, no trace of it remained.

For a few moments, Sunny contemplated staying here for a while to find the old bones. He was curious to know what had actually happened to the nameless slave and Auro of the Nine. Had they escaped the Mountain King? Or had they perished?

He was quite certain that Auro had survived. But what about the young temple slave?

However, Sunny quickly dismissed that idea.

It would take him months, or maybe even years, to dig through the snow and find the traces of the caravan if any traces remained, Even then, there was no guarantee that he would be able to tell anything about the past from them.

So, with a sigh, Sunny looked up, at the peak of the Black Mountain.

The only place he could visit was the mysterious temple that had stood there, surrounded by bones.

But before that...

He could feel enemies rushing at him from all sides. A moment later, the snow exploded, and hideous figures lunged at him with frenzy burning in their milky-white eyes.

The slaughter was swift and ruthless.

Sunny did not even summon a weapon, using the spiked gauntlets of the Onyx Mantle to crush the abominations. He danced between them like an omen of death, coldly and methodically destroying one after another.

Until none remained.

The snow was painted red by blood, and a fine crimson haze hung in the air.

‘Huh.'

Sunny studied the broken corpses, which littered the ground like a carpet. The creatures were hideous and appalling, resembling something that a mad artist would paint after waking up from a feverish nightmare, Most of them were Fallen Beasts and Monsters... and although he was sure that he had never fought such creatures before, they reminded him of something.

Mostly because he had subjugated a legion of Mountain King's Larvae in Antarctica not too long ago.

Although these abominations were different and much more powerful, they resembled the Larvae a lot.

Sunny smiled faintly.

‘Will I be reunited with the Mountain King?’

If that thing wasn't dead, it would have grown much more powerful by now...

But no, the chances were slim. The forces of Valor had eradicated the most dangerous Nightmare Creatures in this area of the Dream Realm during their march north, and they would not have tolerated a powerful Tyrant remaining in their rear.

Even if the Mountain King had survived the thousands of years without leaving the Black Mountain, he would have been dealt with by someone like Whispering Blade, or maybe even Anvil himself.

With a sigh, Sunny took another step through the shadows and appeared directly on the peak of the Black Mountain.

He stood there motionlessly for a while, looking ahead with an expression of awe on his pale face.

The nameless temple... was still there, under the moonlit sky. 

At the highest point of the mountain, a vast expanse of flat rock was covered with snow. In the center of it, illuminated by moonlight, stood a magnificent temple. Its colossal columns and walls were cut from black marble, with exquisite reliefs decorating the stygian pediment and broad frieze. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. Beautiful and awesome, it looked like a palace of a dark god.

At least it did once. Now, the temple was in ruins: fractures and cracks marred the black stones, parts of the roof had collapsed, letting in ice and snow. Its tall gates were broken, as if smashed into pieces by the hand of a giant.

The black temple did not change at all. It was as if thousands of years had no effect on it whatsoever.

The only thing that changed was that now, there were even more bones surrounding it. There were thousands of bones scattered around, carpeting the ground. Some belonged to Nightmare Creatures, while some seemed to be quite human.

Come to think of it...

‘Why are there so many bones here?'

Was this where the Mountain King had devoured its victims? Somehow, Sunny doubted it. The Tyrant had consumed the slaves right where he had killed them, after all.

No, before that.

What was this temple, exactly?

Back then... Sunny remembered Scholar mentioning that pilgrims used to climb the mountain in the ancient times. Who were these pilgrims, and what had they worshipped?

He had assumed that this was one of the Shadow God's temples that the Empire had destroyed, but the timing did not make sense. The destruction of the Shadow cult was a recent event during his First Nightmare... however, the temple looked as if it had been ruined thousands of years ago even then.

And when Sunny spilled his blood on the altar, the Spell described it as an offering to all the gods. It was just that Shadow had been the only one to answer.

Stranger still...

The gods had still been alive at the time of the Nightmare. And yet, the Spell spoke of them as dead.

Sunny shivered.

Had his offering... reached the actual gods, and not a substitute of them put in place by the Spell? Was the Spell even capable of creating illusory copies of the gods?

Probably not.

If so, what did it mean? And how had Shadow God granted him a blessing from beyond the grave?

Well... that last part wasn't that surprising. The gods were the ones who had created things like time and death, after all. So, it wasn't strange to Imagine that they had a special relationship with these laws, A god could very well respond to a question before it was asked, and bless a slave who had offered himself as a sacrifice despite being dead.

Especially if that altar stood in a very special place.

The black temple...

Sunny hesitated, unsure of what to think. Now that he had found the ruined temple again, he realized that he didn't actually know anything about it.

He was certain of one thing, though. This place...

It felt sacred.

A sense of solemn, silent sanctity was emanating from the obsidian walls of the ancient temple. It looked majestic and beautiful in the moonlight, and although the ground around the ruin was littered with bones, it did not feel vile or ominous at all.

With a sigh, Sunny headed toward the broken gates of the temple.

And as he was approaching...

He felt it.

He did not see it, and he did not hear it. He did not even perceive it with his shadow sense.

But somehow, he knew.

There was something in front of him... a vast, invisible, intangible being. One that was reaching out to him, emanating a subtle sense of purity, loneliness, and power.

Suddenly, Sunny realized why there were bones scattered everywhere at the peak of the Black Mountain.

However, the guardian of the temple did not seem to hold any malice toward him. Instead, there was a sense of... joy, and recognition.

The invisible being was reaching out to something in Sunny's soul.

The golden light... the flame of divinity.

Sunny's eyes widened a little.

'I... I didn't even know.'

Back then, he had felt nothing when entering the temple. But the bones had been there, which meant that the guardian had been there, as well. And yet, it let Sunny in instead of adding his corpse to the pile of bones.

Because it had sensed a faint mark of divinity on his soul.

...The Mountain King, too. Since the Tyrant entered the temple, it must have been touched by divinity once, as well.

Sunny had not known how close to death he had come, and how lucky he was to survive.

‘Would it let me pass now?'

Taking a deep breath, Sunny looked forward, and stepped through the gates of the nameless temple.




***
Chapter 1801: A New Home


***






Sunny crossed the threshold and entered the great hall of the ancient temple.

It was just as he remembered it.

The vast hall was desolate and empty. Its roof had partially collapsed, letting in the elements. There were piles of rubble on the floor, covered with snow and ice. Cascades of moonlight were falling through the holes in the roof, suffusing the dark hall with a beautiful and otherworldly splendor... deep shadows surrounded the silver light, not daring to touch it.

Everything was silent.

Sunny took a deep breath.

He had almost expected to find the bones of the Mountain King on the floor, where it had been torn apart by shadow, but there were none. The desolate hall was empty.

Enveloping the temple with shadow sense to make sure that there was no danger, Sunny took a step forward. Ice shattered with a brittle sound under the onyx soles of his armored boots, and the ancient shadows stirred, reaching out to him in reverent glee.

Surrounded by them, as if wearing a cloak of darkness, he walked toward the altar.

It used to be a single slab of black marble, long and wide enough for a human to lay on it comfortably...

Or maybe not so comfortably, if it had been a sacrificial altar.

Was it?

It didn't matter now, anyway, because the altar was broken.

The great slab of black stone had shattered, and was laying on the floor in several pieces. That was the only thing in the temple that had changed.

Sunny studied the broken altar for a while, his face slowly growing paler.

There were too many mysteries surrounding this

place. He concentrated, trying to remember

everything he knew about the First Nightmare, the

dead gods, and the secrets of the fallen pantheon.

And then, his eyes widened.

Of all the knowledge Sunny had learned in his life, of all the pieces of information gathered in his memory, one suddenly stood out. A memory that Sunny had never considered very significant, and had no reason to.

It was the evaluation the Spell had given him after the First Nightmare. Not the important part that had to do with the appraisal, but rather the slightly poetic summary that had been there seemingly on a whim, to add some flavor,

Standing above the broken altar, Sunny whispered:

"A nameless slave ascended the Black Mountain. Both heroes and monsters fell by his hand. Unbroken, he entered the ruined temple of a long-forgotten god and spilled his blood on the sacred altar. The gods were dead, and yet they listened."

The temple of a long-forgotten god...

He inhaled deeply.

Back then, Sunny had been an ignorant kid from the outskirts. He knew very little about the world, let alone about its greatest secrets.

He had not known who the Forgotten God was, and so, he had not paid attention to these words. The Spell had never uttered them after that, and neither used nor translated the runes describing the lost deity.

‘...Of course.’

Sunny looked around the ruined temple.

Why had his sacrifice been made to all the gods?

Perhaps because this temple had been built in the time before the memories of the seventh god were struck from the world. It was consecrated to worship Dream God, as well... and therefore, when Dream God became forgotten, the temple was forgotten, as well.

Because worshiping the Forgotten God was forbidden. Just like worshiping the daemons, his children, was.

Still... Sunny was sure that there were some who had disregarded the will of the gods and put their faith in Forgotten God despite it. Otherwise, Scholar would not have heard stories of pilgrims climbing the Black Mountain in ancient times.

‘The temple of the Forgotten God…’

Sunny looked around the great hall with a complicated expression.

He was himself forgotten by the world, so it wasn't hard to feel a sense of kinship for this forlorn ruin.

He sighed and looked one last glance at the altar.

There were deep shadows nestling deep below him, so Sunny knew that the temple extended underground. He had never got the chance to explore it during the First Nightmare, so it was nice to have an opportunity now. lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m.  He was curious to see what he would find out.

Still, he would leave this place and continue toward Godgrave soon. There was no time to waste.

Before that, however...

Sunny froze.

It was because he had something familiar when looking at the broken altar.

'Wait. No way. Can it be?"

The shattered slab of black marble gave off a subtle, but very familiar feeling.

Sunny stared silently.

...It was a Gateway.

He had missed that fact at first, but now that he studied the broke altar closer, there was no doubt. It felt exactly like the one in the Sanctuary of Noctis, the chain circle in the Ivory Tower, and the runic one in the Crimson Spire.

And if the altar had been made into a Gateway... Sunny looked around once more.

Then the nameless temple was now a Citadel.

Suddenly, he wanted to laugh.

'How fitting.'

He was a Transcendent, and a homeless one at that. Most Saints, however, were usually in control of a Citadel, ruling it at the behest of their Sovereign.

There were exceptions, of course, like Saint Tyris, who had lost the Sanctuary of Noctis and had been exiled to Antarctica with her entire clan. Fortunately, White Feather was doing much better now.

Sunny himself served no Sovereign, and he wasn't even sure if he could take possession of a Citadel. Citadels were created by the Spell, after all... so, he didn't know if controlling one was something that only a carrier of the Spell could do.

It was worth trying, though.

He hesitated for a while.

Then, he hesitated some more.

'Right. But how do I actually claim a Citadel?’

If there was an instruction manual for being a Saint, Sunny had never received one.

After thinking for a while, he retracted the Onyx Mantle, bared his forearm, and commanded the Onyx Shell to reduce the resilience of his skin there. Then, he cut his forearm with his fingernail. Nothing happened.

Letting out a frustrated sigh, Sunny also commanded Blood Weave to release a few drops of blood.

Why was it so difficult to bleed a little?!

Several crimson drops fell on the broken altar and rolled down the surface of one of the black shards.

There was no reaction.

Once again, nothing happened.

Sunny scratched the back of his head. The small cut on his forearm was already healing, and before too long, it was entirely gone.

At that time, he also came up with another idea.

'It can't be that simple, can it?'

Feeling uncertain, Sunny took a deep breath... and silently released the tether connecting him to the Ivory Tower.

Then, he concentrated on his soul and started the process of placing a new one.

He had a suspicion that it was very simple to claim a Citadel, All that a carrier of the Nightmare Spell had to do was become a Transcendent and use the Gateway to return to the waking world. Then, they would become anchored to that Gateway, and therefore, take possession of the Citadel.

Unless it was already claimed, of course, in which case a more powerful Saint would take control.

However, Sunny was not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell, so he had to go through the process manually. Instead of allowing the Spell to bind him to the Gateway, he had to create that bond himself.

And so... he was placing down a tether.




***
Chapter 1802: Restoration


***






The concept called "tether" by Masters and Saints was a mysterious, but simple thing. It was a sort of Imprint one could leave on the world by using their essence. The spot marked by the imprint was where one's soul was anchored to the world Masters could only imprint themselves on the waking world, but Saints could imprint themselves on the Dream Realm, as well.

In addition to that, the tethers placed by Saints were much more expansive and deeply rooted in the fabric of the realm than those placed by Masters. In fact, Sunny was quite certain that they were entirely different things - it was just that both served the same purpose, so humans just used the same word for both.

The reason why Transcendent tethers were so much more robust than the Ascended ones was because of the nature of Saints. The soul of a Saint was connected to the world, and so, it interacted with the world much closer.

For example, Saints could absorb spirit essence from their surroundings.

In rare cases, they could also pour their soul essence out into the world.

There was no need to mention how vital the former was, but the latter was more or less useless. The soul essence would swiftly dissipate if it wasn't poured into a special vessel - like a Memory, for example.

However, one time when pushing one's own essence onto the world was necessary was the process of creating a tether.

If manipulated in a special way, the essence would leave an Imprint on the area where it had been unleashed before dissipating. That imprint was the tether, and since it maintained a faint connection with the Saint's soul, it was possible to pull on the connection to step between realms and return to the place where one's soul was imprinted.

Only two tethers could exist at a time, one in each world. It was necessary to break the connection with the old one before creating a new one... well, in Sunny's case, each of his incarnations could place two of their own.

Regardless, that was what Sunny was doing now he was pushing his essence into the world and controlling its flow to create an imprint. The process took some time, and was quite arduous.

However, he was not doing it blindly.

Instead of allowing his essence to cover the area freely, he tried to concentrate all of it in an isolated spot. Namely... the Gateway of the ancient temple.

Soon, his tether started to take form.

And then, something unexpected happened.

There seemed to be a strange reaction between the Gateway and the forming tether. It was as if the two had been created to exist together all along - not only the strain on Sunny lessened significantly, as if the process had taken on a life of Its own, but he also felt as if the imprint was becoming deeper, and also different in some way.

At the same time, Sunny felt something changing within his soul.

It was as if a mystical bond was being established, connecting him to the ancient temple.

He... he felt very strange.

Diving into the Soul Sea, Sunny saw that the vast expanse of still water was still no more. Instead, it was surging, boiling almost, with great waves rolling on the dark surface.

As if someone had thrown a huge boulder into the black water, sending ripples spreading across the silent expanse of his soul.

'What...'

As Sunny watched, astounded, the water at the very heart of the Soul Sea suddenly foamed.

And then, a familiar black edifice rose from beneath the waves.

IA perfect replica of the nameless temple - how it had been before its roof collapsed, and its gates were broken - slowly rose from the lightless depths of his soul, bathing in the dark radiance of his six soul cores.

Soon enough, the surging waters calmed down, and the Soul Sea grew still and silent once more. It was as if nothing had happened.

Only... there was a great temple of black stone standing on the still water now.

Sunny stared at it with wide eyes.

‘…I'll be damned.’

That was... pretty cool.

He regretted not being connected to the Spell once more. Sunny could feel a deep connection to his newly claimed Citadel, but did not know what he could do with that connection, and what it was meant for. If he was still a carrier of the Spell, there would be hopeful runes to guide him to the necessary understanding, without a doubt.

But then again, the Spell did not even explain the enchantments of the Memories it created to most Awakened. Who knew how helpful it would have been in case of a Citadel?

Sunny knew that he would have to explore and investigate this matter personally.

Until then, however...

'What do I even do now?’

He had not been planning to come in possession of an unknown Citadel. Ruling one was not in his plans - right now, he was in the middle of traveling to Godgrave.

After hesitating for a while, Sunny sighed.

"Well, whatever. I can spend a few days here. Having a secret lair to return to wouldn't hurt, anyway.”

His original body was anchored in the Nameless Temple now. So, he had no choice but to consider it in his future plans.

There was one silver lining to the unexpected situation, though.

At least, Sunny wasn't homeless anymore.

***

Several days later, Sunny was sitting on the steps of the Nameless Temple. The sun was traveling across the clear blue sky, and the snow covering the mountain peak was shining with its light.

There was a stunned expression on his face.

The other five incarnations were resting on the lower steps, panting heavily. One was tiredly rubbing his shoulders. Another was leaning on a broom made by manifesting shadows. A third one was sprawled on the black stone, lazily staring at the sky. lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m.  There was one who was pouring dirty water out of a bucket, and another one who was looking at them with disdain.

They had been busy cleaning up the temple for the last few days. 

The cleanup was mostly finished, but the reconstruction had not even begun. Sunny knew that he would need special stone to rebuild the broken roof... he could scavenge some from the ruined cathedral of the Dark City, Durable wood for the beams, Would he have to visit the Burned Forest again to harvest some?

Luckily, he was good at all things having to do with craftsmanship, not only because of experience and practice, but also because of Bone Weave. His fingers were dexterous and responsive, like those of a master artisan. Any tool he needed, meanwhile, could be manifested from the shadows.

However, the scope of the work that had to be done to restore the Nameless Temple to a decent state was not the reason why Sunny was spacing out right now.

Instead, the reason was the discovery made by his original body.

While the avatars had been busy with cleaning, he had explored his new Citadel. Of course, he had discovered the mystical circle in the undertemple almost immediately.

However, it took him a while to figure out what that Component did.

The instinctual understanding of its purpose was hidden in the connection Sunny shared with the Citadel.

'So... it can move.’

He raised his gaze and studied the desolate mountain peak.

Sunny assumed that the Nameless Temple had been built here, and wondered what madness forced the builders to carry the great weight of black marble to the top of a towering mountain.

But now, he knew that the ancient temple had been built elsewhere, and had stood elsewhere, before appearing on this mountain peak one day.

He also knew that it could move again, now that it had an owner once more.

Slowly, a bold idea formed in his mind.

Sunny lingered for a while, then looked at his avatars and studied each one for a few moments.

Eventually, his gaze landed on the gloomy incarnation.

He smiled.

‘...Let's do it this way, then.’

***

Some time later, a sudden commotion disturbed the deadly peace of Godgrave. A dark figure in an onyx armor reached the edge of the dead god's breastbone, covered in ash and blood. Behind him was a trail of severed flesh and broken bodies.

The man's face was hidden behind a ferocious mask carved from black wood.

Standing on the precipice of an abyssal drop, he gazed down silently, paying no heed to a wave of abominations rushing at him from behind.

Then, a great temple built of black marble was suddenly standing on the bone plain.

As the man wearing the demonic mask turned, three warriors clad in the same onyx armor walked out of the darkness under the eaves of the black temple. A graceful stone knight followed, wielding a black blade and a round shield. Then, a silvery fiend forged in the flames of hell, a tenebrous steed shrouded in the mantle of nightmares, and an enormous serpent with onyx scales.

The dark dwellers of the black temple faced the tide of abominations calmly, and a few moments later, more blood flowed on the white surface of the ancient bone. A great darkness spread, hiding the battlefield from the cloudy sky.

At the same time, far away...

A young mundane girl was being taught how to slay Nightmare Creatures by an eccentric shadow. And further still...

A trade caravan was approaching Bastion. Dozens of heavily loaded wagons were rolling down the road, pushed by monstrous Echoes. A sizable force of Awakened was flanking the caravan, protecting it from the dangers of the Dream Realm.

Their expressions were clear now that the lake city was in view.

A handsome young man with porcelain skin and onyx eyes was sitting on the bed of one of the wagons, leaning his back against a wooden crate and looking ahead with a beautiful smile on his lips. He didn't seem that strong, and wore an elegant black mantle instead of durable armor.

Far away, the awesome silhouette of a great castle was slowly revealing itself from the shimmering waters of a clear lake.

The young man looked at it for a while, then glanced down, at his shadow.

"It seems that we've arrived."

The shadow stared back at him, then shrugged indifferently.

He smiled.

"...Yes, I think so too."

Saying that, the young man looked up, at the silhouette of a white tower floating in the air above the castle.

His face turned wistful for a moment, and then he looked away with a quiet sight.

"Ah, it's so pretty... damnation!”




***
Chapter 1803: After the Fighting is Over


***






Back in the courtyard of the Nameless Temple, Cassie let out a heavy sigh and looked away, hiding her eyes. Sunny remained silent, waiting for her to come to her senses.

He hesitated for a few moments, then moved his chair back. The tea had grown cold; the refreshments did not look appetizing anymore.

The leaves of the lonesome tree rustled peacefully in the darkness.

After a while, Cassie's shoulders trembled.

"It has already begun..."

Her voice was distant. 

Sunny lingered for a few moments.

This time, the memory he had shown her was not nearly as long as the previous one. The awesome desolation of the Burned Forest and the mysterious nature of the Nameless Temple were memorable and distinct - however, as expected, what had affected Cassie the most was the sight of LO49.

Of course, she would not know anything about that lunar observatory in particular. But it was unmistakably a modern building - there was no place for it in the Dream Realm. Knowing that, she would have instantly understood the meaning.

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"You didn't know?"

She shook her head slowly.

He studied her delicate face, then let out a soft sigh.

Finally, there was something he knew that Cassie didn't. However, that did not bring him any joy.

After remaining silent for a while, he said neutrally:

"It was an old lunar observatory. L049. It used to stand on the southern edge of the Antarctic Center - well, designated south, at least. Obviously, every direction there is technically north of the pole."

Sunny paused for a moment, and then added:

"The staff and soldiers who were garrisoned there were wiped out during the early stages of the Chain of Nightmares, and nobody has seen LO49 since. I am the last human to have visited Antarctica, I think. But I never went that far south. So, I don't know when the observatory was swallowed by the Dream Realm."

He smiled darkly.

"It would be a bit funny... if it wasn't so terrifying. While wandering the Sword Domain, I often felt that it was safer than some parts of our own world. Now, the difference between the two realms is even more vague. Soon enough, there will be none."

Cassie did not respond, sitting motionlessly in the darkness. Eventually, she said in a quiet tone:

"I'm sorry... I need to process the news…”

Sunny leaned back and allowed her to think in silence. After a while, he said evenly:

"Does it change anything, though?"

The war was still coming.

Finally, Cassie faced him again.

"Of course! It changes everything. 1... 1'll have to rethink a lot of things. The human enclaves in the Dream Realm are hardly self-sufficient, after all. It is difficult enough to provide food and shelter for three hundred million people. To accommodate billions... even if it happens gradually over the span of a decade, a lot of development plans will have to be accelerated. Most communication still happens through the waking world. Data is stored digitally. The scope of it all is... is too much."

She let out a shaky breath.

"That is not even mentioning the fact that all the rules we know will become obsolete after our world is devoured by the Dream Realm. There will be no more Nightmare Gates, for example. No more division between the physical body and the spirit body... and so on. The Spell will have to change accordingly. It might very well plunge us into a new horror, one that would make everything prior seem like a gentle prologue."

Cassie was thinking as the right hand of a person who was supposed to take the throne of humanity. There was a heavy responsibility that came with the throne, of course.

But to Sunny, her train of thought seemed a little funny. Because they had not even come close to vanquishing the Sovereigns yet.

He smiled.

"You seem to have a lot of plans for what happens after the fighting is over."

Cassie faced him with a hint of surprise on her exquisite face.

"I do. Don't you?"

Sunny chuckled.

"Of course... more fighting."

Their woes would not be over with the fall of Anvil and Ki Song. If anything, the true battle would only start after the war was over.

She remained silent for a while, then nodded somberly.

"You are right."

A few moments later, the young woman added quietly:

"But, regardless of it all. I... am glad. That you found a reason to come back."

Then, Cassie faced him with a brittle smile.

"It might feel like the word has rejected you... but, Sunny. It needs you, as well."

Saying these words, she turned away.

"...As do I. And Nephis, most of all."

Sunny stared at her silently, a complicated mess of emotions rising in his heart. He wanted to say something, but didn't quite know what to say.

In the end, he simply shrugged.

"That is alright. Because I need the world, too. And Nephis. And you as well, Cassie."

She smiled.

"I'll remember."

With that, she stood up and sighed.

"Our time is up. If I linger any longer, some people in Bastion might grow suspicious of the purpose of my visit."

Sunny nodded lightly and rose from his chair.

He had brought Cassie here from NQSC. So, he had to bring her back, as well.

Soon, the two of them appeared in a deserted alley in the depths of the outskirts. Cassie could use her own tether to return to Bastion immediately, but hesitated for a while.

Eventually, she said with uncertainty:

"I'm... I won't say anything about what is happening between Nephis and you in Bastion."

Sunny suppressed an embarrassed cough, feeling grateful for her decision to refrain from discussing that matter. The situation... was strange and complicated enough, already,

Cassie took a deep breath.

"I want you to know something, though."

He raised an eyebrow.

"What?"

She lowered her head.

"About how it feels, on the other side. You see... 1 can't quite imagine how you feel, being forgotten by everyone. But I do know how it feels to have forgotten. It is a strange thing. When we first met, I didn't know who you were - by all accounts, you were a stranger. And yet, there was this strange sense of familiarity. As if we've known each other all our lives."

Cassie took a deep breath.

"There were... other feelings, as well. Subtle and faint, but undeniable. I won't describe them. But I am sure that Nephis is being swayed by these unconscious thoughts, as well. Even if she can't retain the memories of you, the emotions those memories stir remain. So... she wasn't just captivated by Master Sunless because he is charming, handsome, and pleasant to be around."

Cassie faced Sunny once again.

"You might think that her feelings are not quite real, because her knowledge of you is not quite true... and maybe you are right. But I still want you to respect them."

She remained silent for a moment, then nodded. 

"...That is all I wanted to say, You can decide what to do yourself"

Before Sunny could say anything, she was gone. He stared at the empty space where Cassie had stood expressionlessly.

After a while, he sighed.

'Did I just... get the "if you hurt her, I'll kill you" talk?'

The tone wasn't quite the same, but somehow, it did feel like that.

Chuckling, Sunny turned around and pulled on his tether.

'If I hurt Nephis, she'll kill me herself. Well... at least she'll try. I am a bit hard to kill these days…’




***
Chapter 1804: Unexpected Ivitation


***






Today was a strangely slow day for the Brilliant Emporium.

Actually... it wasn't that strange. 

Sunny had been complaining about how swamped he was in the kitchen when the business was good, but now that it was dull, he missed the money he could have made dearly.

The lack of clients was not strange, but the mood in Bastion was which, in turn, was the cause why so few people were visiting.

It was an odd mixture of agitation and somber anticipation. People were incensed and indignant about the attempt on Neph's life, which was attributed to Clan Song more and more. But, at the same time, some of them were disturbed by the swiftly changing tone of public opinion.

After all, people weren't fools. Many could recognize the malignant roots of the spreading rumors. They might not know who was behind the propaganda, but they could at least sense that they were being lied to. Others had enough foresight to see where the volatile situation was headed, even if they did not know why.

All in all, there were as many dissenting voices as those wishing to hold the Queen of Worms responsible.

It was all happening a little too quickly.

Sunny was still reeling from the recent conversation with Cassle. Now that he knew how fast the war was approaching, his own mood had turned strange, as well.

Luckily, he did not have a lot of time to worry about such things.

He was terribly busy despite the lack of customers. Most of his time was dedicated to designing the weave of the soul sword. But he was also preoccupied with something else.

Because his date with Nephis was approaching much faster than the war!

'Damn it... what to do, what to do?'

The pressure of designing a perfect date was more daunting than his attempts to weave a soulbound weapon. He had acted confidently when asking her out, but now that he actually had to come up with something, Sunny felt like his mind was paralyzed.

'Why did I prepare a picnic for a fake date? I should have saved that idea for the real one!'

There were not a lot of romantic places in Bastion. Even worse, Sunny was not that knowledgeable about romance.

And worse still, Nephis was not exactly a typical young lady! Who knew what her idea of a romantic encounter was?

In short, Sunny was stumped.

...And Aiko wasn't helping.

"What's the problem, boss? Just take her to an inn. I mean, you are both adults. There are inns that charge by the hour, you know..."

He glared at her silently.

"You. You are the problem! Do you want to get me killed?!"

Aiko laughed.

"Alright, alright, I'm Joking. Honestly, though, 1 say you are overthinking it. Anything and anywhere will be fine. After all, the only necessary ingredients are you and her. Since both of you will be present, that's most of the work done."

She glanced at him and asked:

"Just be yourself. Draw from your experience. What's the most romantic memory you have?"

Sunny scratched the tip of his nose.

"Uh... well... I spent a month being stuck on the corpse of a giant Nightmare Creature with a girl once..."

Aiko stared at him silently for a few moments.

"...On second thought, don't be yourself. Forget everything about your experience. Just take her on a boat ride, or something!"

Sunny eyes brightened.

"A boat ride? Huh. That's actually not a bad idea..."

He would have said more, but at that moment, his expression changed subtly.

Sunny looked at the door.

He could sense a group of people approaching the Brilliant Emporium. And they did not feel like his usual customers at all.

Heavy armor. Sharp weapons. Disciplined movements. Clear Intent.

'Soldiers.'

Why would a cohort of Awakened warriors of Clan Valor be approaching his humble shop?

For a moment, Sunny thought about how he would kill them. Dealing with these Awakened would only take him a few moments. Then, he could dismiss the Mimic, grab Aiko, and step through the shadows to outside the city. After that, Valor would not be able to catch him unless Anvil took action personally.

If his cover was blown... that was the only way.

However, he quickly dismissed that idea.

First of all, even if his cover was somehow blown, they would most likely only learn that he was the Lord of Shadows. The Lord of Shadows was an ally of Clan Valor, so there was nothing to be afraid of.

Secondly, in the much worse scenario where the elders of Clan Valor had learned that he was plotting to murder the king with Nephis, there would not have been a mere cohort of Awakened approaching his shop.

So...

'Why the hell are they here, then?’

Sunny was very confused.

"What's the matter, boss?"

Aiko looked at him apprehensively.

He hesitated for a moment.

"I, uh... have no Idea, really."

At that moment, the soldiers reached the Brilliant Emporium. Then, there was a loud knock on the door.

'Don't eat them.'

Giving Mimic a mental warning, Sunny sighed, put on a pleasant smile, and went to open the door.

"Welcome to the Brilliant Emporium! How may I help you?"

He was meat with an unfriendly stare.

Six Awakened warriors were standing a few steps back, while one was looking at him with disdain. The man was tall and sharp, clad in an enchanted armor, with a vermilion cloak hanging from his broad shoulders.

He was also an Ascended.

"Master Sunless?"

Hearing the deep voice, Sunny smiled a little wider.

"That's what they call me, yes,"

The Knight nodded.

"Please, come with me."

‘Uh…’

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

"...Why?"

The man glanced at him with badly hidden irritation, and then said coldly:

"I was ordered to escort you to the Castle. Please follow."

‘What the hell?'

Sunny hesitated for a bit, wondering if it wasn't too late to kill them and escape.

But he had to reluctantly abandon that idea.

"Why, by all means."

Exchanging a glance with Aiko, he shrugged helplessly and followed the Knight out of the Brilliant Emporium.

He tried to strike up a conversation a few times on the way to the Castle, but his escorts seemed to be in a foul mood. They were definitely not fans of Sunny, that was for sure.

With his sharp hearing, he could catch a few of the muttering under their breaths:

"Damned mongrel..."

No, really. What was going on? Was he going to get splashed in the face with water and be given a tidy sum of soul shards to never see Nephis again? That was what usually happened in dramas...

Sunny had thought of a thousand possible reasons for this unexpected visit, each more ominous than the previous one. However, he failed to learn the truth until the very end.

The escorts brought him across the lake, and then to the very heart of the Castle.

When Sunny was led to the main keep, where the direct line of Clan Valor resided, he was on the verge of collapsing from fright.

Half an hour later, he somehow found himself in a grand hall, facing none other than... Morgan, the Princess of War.

Morgan was leaning on a stone throne, holding a sharp sword in her hand.

Her gaze was piercing.

Suddenly, Sunny felt a chill run down his spine.

'She doesn't know. Does she?'

The last time they met was during the assassination attempt. Of course, back then, Sunny was wearing the persona of the Lord of Shadows.

Morgan's cold gaze traveled across his figure, making him shiver.

Then, her scarlet lips parted:

"Oh."

Morgan's voice sounded calm.

"I understand now."

Sunny struggled to keep a deep scowl off his face.

'What... what does she understand?’

Smiling faintly, Morgan descended from the dais and approached him. The sharp blade of her sword glistened in the rays of sunlight.

"Master Sunless, I presume."

Sunny nodded and forced himself to speak:

"Princess Morgan. It's an honor"

She stared at him with a strange expression, then cleared her throat.

"Indeed. Please kneel."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Pardon?"

Her gaze turned a little dark.

"I told you to kneel."

He hesitated for a few moments, glanced at his escorts, and then elegantly lowered himself to one knee.

'Morgan has grown immensely strong after Transcending. Still... if she attacks, I should be able to dodge.’

She raised her sword slowly, and at the same time, he prepared to call upon the shadows.

However, to his shock... 

The sword did not fall down to cut his neck. Instead, Morgan touched the blade to his left shoulder lightly, then repeated the same process with his right shoulder and the crown of his head Sunny was dumbstruck.

‘What... is going... on?’

Having finished the strange action, Morgan dismissed her sword and smiled in satisfaction.

"Master Sunless... I hereby proclaim you a Knight of Valor. Rise, Sir Sunless. May your edge never dull."

Sunny's eyes widened.

"P-pardon?!”




***
Chapter 1805: Sir Mongrel


***






Sunny was so stunned that he did not know what to say.

All he could think was...

‘What the hell?!'

No, really...

Him? A Knight of Valor?!

His mind short-circuited for a moment.

Of all the things Sunny had expected when a cohort of unfriendly soldiers invited him to the Castle, that one never crossed his mind.

Still standing on one knee, he raised his head and looked at Morgan with a dumbfounded expression. She studied his face for a few moments, then clicked her tongue and turned away.

"That will be all. You can go now."

Remembering that he had been allowed to rise, Sunny slowly stood up.

"Princess Morgan. Please excuse my impudence, but if I may ask..."

Before he could ask anything, though, the guards unceremoniously grabbed him and escorted him out of the hall. A moment later, the door was slammed shut, hiding her bewitching figure from sight,

Just like that, his very short and very baffling audience with Morgan of Valor ended.

Sunny was left standing in the corridor, not sure what to do.

He blinked a couple of times.

‘...Are they forcefully conscripting independent Masters?’

That was the only thing he could think of. But then, it didn't make any sense. If Clan Valor really wanted to conscript him into the army on the eve of war, they would have gone about it in a different manner. Forcing a Master with no loyalty to fight for them could do more harm than good.

Slowly, Sunny realized that a person who he had assumed was just passing by was actually standing still and staring at him. Composing himself a little, he looked up.

There was a dignified middle-aged man in a well-tailored livery standing in front of him. His grey hair was neatly combed, and his expression was perfectly stoic.

Noticing that Sunny was paying attention, the man nodded.

"Sir Sunless. I am Sebastian, the steward of the Great Clan Valor. Allow me to congratulate you on your knighthood."

Sunny took a deep breath.

'I'm not dreaming, am I?'

He exhaled slowly.

There was actually a steward named Sebastian in Bastion! That... that was just a little bit too much, wasn't it ?!

Worst of all, Sunny couldn't even sense the man's Rank. He could have been a mundane person or a Saint.

Sunny forced out a polite smile and said:

"Nice to meet you. Ah... please forgive my lack of manners. I have to admit, I am extremely vexed right now. Can... can you explain what is going on?"

The middle-aged steward nodded.

"Certainly, sir. You've just been granted the title of a Knight of Valor. Oh... additionally, you have also been appointed as the Knight Commander of the Ardent Wardens. What an honor."

Sunny closed his eyes for a moment.

"...Ardent Wardens? Who are these Ardent Wardens?"

The steward gave him a dignified smile.

"Ardent Wardens are a grassroots volunteer organization that holds various activities to enrich the daily lives of the elderly citizens of Bastion. Food drives, cultural events, interest clubs... and the like, Self-governed."

Sunny stared at him silently, struggling to maintain a calm expression.

"So, if these Ardent Wardens are self-governed... then why do they need a Knight Commander? No, wait. Why does a volunteer organization dealing with bored elderly people need one?"

The middle-aged man nodded seriously.

"Exactly!"

There was not a hint of sarcasm in his esteemed voice, but somehow, Sunny got the impression that he was being mocked.

He was very confused.

"...So what are my responsibilities as a Knight Commander, exactly?"

The steward lingered for a moment, then said in a solemn tone:

"There are none, Sir Sunless. Well... I should rather say that there is only one. It is to uphold the dignity of the Great Clan Valor. Don't do anything that would besmirch the prestige of the royal family, and you should be good."

He paused, and then added neutrally:

"Of course, you will receive a monthly stipend, as well as other benefits befitting a man of your station."

Sunny stared at him some more.

'Crazy! I'm going crazy!"

"So... let me get this straight. I was made a Knight, but I don't have to perform the duties of a knight. There is nothing I am responsible for, but I am going to be paid for doing nothing?"

Sebastian smiled.

"Your wisdom is unmatched, Sir Sunless. You put it all so eloquently."

With that, he walked away at a brisk pace and beckoned for Sunny to follow.

"Now, please come with me!"

Sunny suppressed a frustrated groan and hurried after the steward.

"Coming, coming... but, where are we going?"

The middle-aged man answered in a refined manner:

"As a Knight Commander, you are to receive a list of items. Two sets of full dress attire, two finely dyed tabards, a parade cloak with an embroidered crest, an unadorned winter cloak, an embroidered battle banner, a painted household banner, a leather waist belt with an engraved silver buckle..."

Sunny silently covered his face with a palm.

***

Some time later, he was standing alone in one of the courtyards of the Castle, holding a sizable pack. His expression was absent.

The steward had basically chased him away from the keep after assembling the list of items that a Knight was eligible to receive. The man had refused to answer Sunny's tentative question until the very end, finding inventive ways to tactfully dodge them every time.

It was just that... how could Sunny put it?

Steward Sebastian did not seem to have kept the truth from him on purpose. Rather, it looked like the dignified man was too embarrassed to answer directly, as if saying it aloud would be a disgrace.

Sunny stared into the distance silently.

‘...I guess I am a Knight of Valor now.’

Weirder things had happened. 

Granted... just a few.

In any case, at least the whole thing was such a formality that he had not even been forced to give an oath of allegiance. Neither had he been issued any Memories - with the war approaching, Clan Valor did not seem keen to waste resources on a fake Knight.  lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m.  That was a good thing for Sunny, because he did not want to receive a sword forged by Anvil.

Nor was he capable of receiving one there was no Spell to facilitate the transfer of Memories between him and its carriers, after all.

He would also be receiving a monthly stipend of soul shards.

Sunny sighed.

'Wow, Nepotism is truly the best.’

By now, he had figured out that his sudden knighthood had something to do with his connection to Nephis. It was just that the initiative must have come from some other entity in the Great Clan, which was why the signals had crossed.

So, there was nothing left to do except return home.

Sunny was ready to take a step forward, but then froze for a moment.

He was currently in a courtyard... a different one from where he had duelled young Master Tristan, but the mood was quite similar.

There were more than a few unfriendly gazes aimed his way. Looking around, he saw various Knights and Squires, all staring at him with cold expressions.

Sunny gulped.

They had already hated him before for having the audacity to accompany their princess. Now that Morgan had knighted him for no good reason...

It did not look good! Even Sunny was starting to hate himself a little.

Who wouldn't hate a handsome freeloader?

'Gods... I won't have to fight another duel, will I?’

As a matter of fact, he had the feeling that, this time, there would be no duel.

Instead, there would be a thorough beating.

Or an attempt of one, at least!

Sunny looked around once more, noticing that several Knights were already approaching him slowly with dark faces,

'Right. I just need to defuse the situation. Be polite and keep calm. Be polite…’

One of the Knights snarled through gritted teeth:

"I didn't believe it... hey, you! Mongrel! Have you no..."

Sunny's eye twitched, and he opened his mouth to retort.

Before he could, however, there was a rustle of wings, and suddenly, a breathtaking figure was standing between him and the incensed Knights.

Shielding him with her radiant wings, Nephis frowned and looked at them scornfully.

"...What is going on here?”




***
Chapter 1806: Shadow in Distress


***






Seeing that a literal Saint had fallen from the sky, the approaching Knights froze and looked away in embarrassment - or rather, they tried.

However, they were too mesmerized by Neph's appearance. With her beautiful white wings, tousled silver hair, and flawless figure, she looked nothing short of stunning. It was as if a celestial deity had suddenly descended into the mortal world, illuminating it with her pure light.

Additionally, she wasn't wearing her usual elegant attire or polished armor. Instead, she was dressed in simple clothes made out of soft white fabric, which seemed almost like loungewear, and contoured the graceful lines of her body well.

Too well, maybe...

Suddenly, Sunny felt an overwhelming impulse to walk in front of Nephis and shield her from their gazes, instead.

‘What are you staring at, bastards?'

To be fair, there was nothing lascivious in their gazes. Instead, the Knights were strangely stuck between embarrassment, admiration, and a bit of remnant contempt directed at Sunny, It was a funny sight.

"...What is going on here?"

Neph's voice was cold, and her expression was stern. White sparks danced in her piercing grey eyes.

The Knights shivered, instantly losing their rancor.

"N-nothing, Lady Nephis."

"We apologize for our rudeness."

"Please don't mind us..."

She scowled.

"If there is nothing going on, then I suggest you be on your way."

Her voice was even, but the seasoned Knights suddenly turned pale. A moment later, they were gone... it was quite amazing, actually. The skills of these warriors were truly formidable - if Sunny did not know any better, he would have thought that they were blown away by the wind!

'What a splendid movement technique...'

Knights of Valor were known for their indomitability in battle, but it seemed that they knew a thing or two about how to retreat, as well.

While he was considering admiring their swift withdrawal, Nephis huffed quietly and turned to him. Her scornful expression instantly disappeared, replaced by a subtle look of concern.

She lingered for a moment.

"I am sorry, Are you alright?"

Sunny couldn't help but gaze at her deeply, taking in every little detail of her, Eventually, he remembered himself and answered In a slightly stifled tone:

"Ah... yes. I am fine."

Then, he tilted his head a little, glanced at the distant silhouette of the Ivory Island, and looked back at Nephis.

"I'm sory, Lady Nephis... but did you just jump down after noticing that I'm in trouble?"

He had not put two and two together immediately, but now that he took a better look at her, there were a few strange details. Her comfortable clothes, unkempt hair, and slight signs of agitation were far from the composed image Nephis usually presented to the public.

So, it wasn't hard to surmise that this appearance had not been planned.

Nephis froze for a moment, glanced down at herself, then awkwardly swiped a lock of her hair back, putting it behind her ear.

Sunny could have sworn that she blushed a little.

"Ah... well. I happened to be free when Cassie informed me that something was afoot. So... here I am."

She studied his face to make sure that everything was indeed alright, then looked at the pack in his hands in confusion.

"That said, what exactly happened? She only told me that you were taken to the main keep."

Her expression hardened.

"Did someone harass you? Was it my sister? What did she say?"

Sunny remained silent for a few moments, not knowing how to answer.

Eventually, he gave her a reassuring smile.

"Oh, no, nothing like that. Nobody harassed me. 1 was indeed summoned by Princess Morgan, but for a different reason. It's... well, I'm not sure how to say it..."

Neph's frown only deepened.

"A... different reason, you say? What reason might that be?"

Sunny coughed.

"Well, it's like this. She made me a Knight of Valor."

He did not know what Nephis had expected to hear, but it definitely wasn't this. For a moment, she seemed startled.

"What?"

He smiled helplessly.

"It's how I said. I was given the title of a Knight and the post of the Knight Commander of the Ardent Wardens. Oh... the Ardent Wardens are a group of volunteers who do community service, mainly taking care of the elderly. Yeah... I was told that my only responsibility is to maintain the prestige of the royal family... whatever that means..."

Nephis stared at him for a while, then sighed and covered her face with a hand. After a few moments of silence, she said in a flat tone:

"I am sorry. It's my fault... they were probably unhappy with me dating a man of no background. I expected opposition... but who would have thought that Morgan would be so accommodating?"

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

"Oh. So it's because of my lowly background. I see."

She lowered her hand and looked at him with a startled expression.

"No! I didn't mean it like that." 

Sunny smiled.

"I know. You're not a conceited person. If anything... to be honest, between the two of us, I am probably more of a bigot. I actually have quite a prejudice against the Legacy clans. Although... it might be a bit bold of me, to admit something like that while attempting to court a princess of a Great Clan. lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. Oh well, what can I do? That just goes to show how the lack of pedigree results in a lack of common sense and decorum..."

Hearing his lighthearted tone, Nephis relaxed a little. She lingered a little, then met his smile with a tentative one of her own.

"Then... I am grateful that you are willing to put your prejudice aside and give this princess a chance, You are an admirably broad-minded person, Master Sunless."

He laughed.

"No one has ever accused me of being broad-minded before. It's just that I would have to be mad to let my pettiness stand in the way of seeing you, Lady Nephis."

Then, he suddenly froze.

'Right'

Weren't they supposed to go on a date in a few days?

Meeting her today, therefore, was a bit awkward. What was he supposed to do? Pretend that they had not made plans? Or try to woo her right now?

Noticing his puzzlement, Nephis asked:

"What's wrong?"

Sunny hesitated for a few moments.

"No, it's nothing. It's just that... to be honest, I've been thinking about our date a lot. Constantly, even. I've been looking forward to it so much that meeting you all of a sudden is a bit of a shock. Well... I know that you are terribly busy, Lady Nephis. So, I'll see you in a few days?"

She looked at him silently for a while.

Then, she smiled subtly.

"Actually, I'm not that busy, How about we just make it today?”




***
Chapter 1807: Dream Come True


***






They parted soon after.

…For a little bit.

Sunny might not have known a lot about women, but he knew enough not to try taking Nephis on a date immediately. Women had their mysterious rites and rituals, after all - if he invited her anywhere without giving her a chance to clean up and change out of her loungewear into something more flattering, he would have earned the scorn of the entire womankind.

Granted, those light clothes of hers were flattering enough, already. Although not exactly sparse, they did a splendid job of accentuating every...

'Pure thoughts!’

In any case, the brief parting worked in his favor, as well. While Nephis returned to the Ivory Island to get ready, Sunny scrambled to arrange a few things. About an hour later, he was waiting by the riverside dock, holding the familiar picnic basket in one hand.

It was a blessing that there were two bodies at his disposal here in Bastion. Otherwise, he would have never managed to prepare in time. Not only did he have to make arrangements, but he also had to quickly assemble a delightful meal for a romantic getaway. One body had been running around and outside the city, while the other had been busy in the kitchen.

Luckily, he managed to finish everything in the nick of time.

Suppressing a hint of nervousness, Sunny couldn't help but look up at the graceful silhouette of the Ivory Tower hovering among the clouds. He almost expected to see a beautiful figure descending from the sky in a mantle of sunlight... but due to the location of where they had arranged to meet, Nephis decided to be less conspicuous.

If Changing Star had indeed landed on a lively street in all her radiant glory, the commotion caused by her arrival would not have been small. Therefore, she simply walked up to him like a normal person, appearing from an alley.

Of course, there was still a big reaction. A Saint was not someone who could be ignored... and Nephis was not just any Saint. Wearing a simple white summer dress and no jewelry, she was still stunning. The passerby couldn't help but react to her beauty, and a lot of heads had been involuntarily turned.

Sunny felt his heart skip, knowing that today, that beauty was just for him.

As she approached with a light smile, he heard a quiet and melodious ringing. He had not told her a lot about the destination of their date, but he did tell her that it would have something to do with water-so, Nephis summoned the familiar pair of silver anklets, which were a Memory she had used on the Great River to help her move in the water

Sunny couldn't help but smile when looking at her.

Nephis walked over, stopped near him, and asked in a light tone:

"So, Master Sunless... where are you taking me?"

He hesitated for a moment.

Out there in the waking world, it was winter, and bitter cold haunted the snowy streets. But here in Bastion, it was still summer. The entire city was bathed in smoldering heat.

People were seeking shelter from the incandescent sun in the shade and longing for cool drinks. Of course, as Saints, both Sunny and Nephis could ignore the sultry weather... but that did not mean that they would not enjoy the refreshing feeling of cooling down their bodies.

He smiled.

"To a beach."

Nephis tilted her head a little.

"...A beach?"

Sunny nodded.

"It might sound a little silly... but actually, I've always dreamed of going to the beach. It's just that there were none where I grew up... actually, I'm not entirely sure if there are any left in the waking world."

He paused for a moment, and then added with a smile:

"But I've learned that there is actually one not far from Bastion. So... would you mind making a dream of mine come true, Lady Nephis?"

She looked at him with a hint of mirth.

"How would I dare refuse? I remember you telling me that you'd given up on having dreams. Fortunately, you seem to have found one, so I'd be delighted to help you fulfill it."

The corner of Neph's mouth twisted upward, and she added with a hint of teasing in her tone:

"However... are you sure that you don't just want to see me in a bathing suit, Master Sunless?"

He looked at her seriously.

"I promise that I don't just want to see you in a bathing suit."

His tone was earnest... but there was a subtle accent on the word "just".

She laughed.

"If you say so. Then... how do we get to this beach?"

Sunny offered her his arm.

"Follow me."

Once she wrapped her arm around his, he guided her to the dock. 

There were several rivers feeding the Mirror Lake, and one it gave birth to. That river was much more modest than the great River of Tears that flowed through the entire Song Domain, but it was still deep and full.  lіght\nоvel\world~c\о\m. Its destination was also the same it flowed south, toward the Stormsea.

Bastion was much further south and closer to the Stormsea than Ravenheart, so the river wasn't very long. It could be quite dangerous for the same reason - powerful sea monsters sometimes entered the estuary and swam far upstream, attracted by the smell of human souls.

They never reached the Mirror Lake, though, because the Citadel of Clan Dagonet stood between Bastion and the sea. The powerful abominations from the depths always died trying to breach the river fortress.

Nevertheless, the length of the river between Bastion and the stronghold was not entirely safe. But Sunny judged that nothing in this tamed region of the Dream Realm could seriously threaten him and Nephis. Very few things out there that could.

What he cared about was that there was a wild beach not too far down the river. It was beautiful, peaceful, and remote... a perfect place for a date on a hot summer day.

That was where he wanted to take Neph.

There were several wooden longships tied to the pier, their bows carved to resemble dragons and serpents. These drakkars belong to Clan Dagonet, and were used to patrol the river and guard the trade ships coming from the Stormsea. There were also several barges meant to deliver supplies to the river fortress and the town that had grown around it.

Most Importantly, there were plenty of small river boats.

‘Thanks, Alko…’

Sunny guided Nephis to one of the boats, which he had rented from the owner in advance. It was just large enough to fit two people and a bit of cargo, with a single pair of oars at the stern.

She looked at it curiously.

"Are we sailing down the river?"

Sunny hesitated for a moment, then smiled helplessly.

"Well... more like rowing down the river? Oh, I'll be the one handling the oars, of course. Why, you don't like it?"

'Should I kill Aiko? A little.’

Nephis looked at the boat, then at the river, and finally back at him.

Eventually, she smiled.

"No. I love it."

Sunny let out a relieved sigh.

'Aiko can live. Should I give her a raise?’




***
Chapter 1808: Down the River


***






Sunny held Neph's hand to help her step into the boat, then untied it, pushed it away from the berth, and jumped inside nimbly. His movements were so light that the boat did not rock at all.

Nephis sat down on the bench at the front, while he took his place on the bench at the stern. They were facing each other, with only the picnic basket between them.

He took the oars and moved them gently, guiding the boat to the middle of the river. It floated smoothly, cutting the water with a pleasant sound. The lively streets of Bastion crawled past them, with plenty of interesting scenes to be seen. The further from the shore they moved, the quieter it became, until the bustle of the city had turned into a quiet hum.

Sunny was not looking around, though. He was looking at Nephis, and in turn, she was looking at him.

Both were smiling.

Nephis leaned to the side and lowered a hand into the water. Watching her fingers cut its surface, she sighed deeply, and then closed her eyes for a moment. Her features relaxed.

"How peaceful."

Hearing her say that made him happy.

Sunny extended his shadow sense in all directions, so he knew that there were no Nightmare Creatures hiding under the water. He did not spoil the mood by telling her to be careful. Instead, he used the few moments she had her eyes closed to stare at her with an unabashed craving.

Then, he averted his eyes and concentrated on rowing.

After a while, Nephis looked at him with a subtle smile. The city was behind them by then - there were no other boats on the river, and no ships in sight. The only sounds breaking the silence were the rustle of water and the soft splashes produced by the oars.

She leaned back a little and asked in a leisurely tone:

"Won't you grow tired from rowing?"

Sunny chuckled. It was obviously a question asked for the sake of being polite. He was supposed to be a Master, after all - guiding a small boat downriver would not tire him.  lіght\nоvel\world~c\о\m.  He could have used a measure of strength suitable for an Ascended and sent the boat flying at great speed to strain himself, but then the oars would probably explode into splinters.

That wouldn't be nice at all.

"Oh, I might not look it, but actually, I'm quite strong."

He let go of one of the oars for a moment and showed her his hand.

"These hands of mine can crush mountains."

Nephis laughed.

"I'm sure. Still, I feel guilty watching you do all the work."

Sunny remained silent for a moment. Then, his smile turned a little daring.

"Why don't you come here and help me, then?"

She looked at him, then rose with a smile and moved to the rear bench. Sunny shifted to the side to give her some room. A few moments later, they were sitting side by side, each holding one oar.

The bench wasn't quite wide enough to fit two people, so their bodies were pressed tightly against each other.

The cool breeze was caressing them gently, and the sun reflected beautifully from the surface of the water. The river was peaceful and quiet. Sunny could feel the heat of her body through his clothes, and she could undoubtedly feel his.

He inhaled deeply.

Rowing a boat in this manner was a little tricky. The oars had to move both simultaneously and with equal amounts of force - otherwise, the small vessel would either turn to the shore or start spinning in place.

But Sunny and Nephis easily fell into a comfortable rhythm. They were perfectly in syne - the oars rose and fell in tandem with each other, and the boat remained perfectly straight.

It was rocking a little, though, and due to the fact that they were so close, each holding an oar with one hand, maintaining balance was a little tedious,

Sunny moved his free arm and wrapped it around Neph's waist, firmly holding her in place. She glanced at him with a smile, then did the same.

Just like that, they remained silent for a while, rowing in harmony while enjoying the breeze, the peaceful quiet of the river, and each other's warmth.

The silence between them wasn't awkward or tense. Instead, it was comfortable and soothing, easing their tired minds.

After a while, Nephis looked at him and asked:

"What are you thinking about?"

Sunny lingered for a moment, then shrugged slightly.

"Just... life, I guess. How it is sometimes full of sorrow, and sometimes full of joy."

She studied his face carefully, then turned to enjoy the view of the river.

"Interesting... my life is quite different, I think. I am content at times, and at other times I am resentful. But I don't really feel joy or sorrow that much. Mostly, I am just... focused. Actually, I feel a little guilty if I am too happy or too sad. It makes me feel that I have allowed myself to become distracted."

He looked at her curiously.

That was how Nephis was. She lived in service of her goal... which didn't mean that she was miserable. It just meant that her mind was preoccupied with practical matters, and she mostly drew both satisfaction and discontent from the actions undertaken to realize her aspiration.

That was a valid way to live a life. Still... Sunny felt that she was being too harsh on herself.

He hesitated for a moment.

"Really? Then, when was the last time you felt joy? And when was the last time you felt sorrow?"

Nephis looked at the river with a faint smile. She remained silent for a bit, then answered in an easy tone:

"I don't quite remember."

Sunny kept looking at her, not saying anything.

Was it because it was not important to her, so she had forgotten?

Or was it because her joys and sorrows had all been connected to him?

He hugged her tighter.

Sensing it, she turned to face him and smiled.

"What about you?"

Sunny blinked a couple of times and answered honestly:

"Why, I am full of joy right now."

Hearing Neph laugh, he smiled brightly.

"As for sorrow... I had to throw out a batch of strawberries because there were too few customers in the café as of late. That was really sad."

Her laugh grew a little louder. That made him happy, as well.

After a while, Nephis looked at him, lingered for a few moments, and then said neutrally:

"This... was a really great idea. I have a bit of history with boats, you know."

Sunny knew, of course. From the boat she had built from the bones of a demon to cross the Dark Sea to Ananke's ketch, the two of them had shared many poignant moments while rocking on the water.

Nephis sighed.

"I once sailed down a great river with a dear person. That person is gone, but the fondness remains."

He couldn't do anything but hold her close.

Sunny knew that she was talking about Ananke. But even though she could not remember him, these words described the two of them, too.

Looking ahead, he smiled and said:

"Then, it's good to forge new memories, To remember them fondly as well, one day in the future."

Eventually, the beach he had wanted to take her to appeared in sight.

By then, basked in her warmth, Sunny felt a bit regretful that it did.




***
Chapter 1809: Beach Date


***






Bastion used to be surrounded by a vast, lush forest. Sadly, the entire forest had been one giant, dreadful abomination - a Fallen Titan that possessed Immense power and almost Inexhaustible vitality.

The Knights of Valor had risen to become one of the deadliest forces among the early carriers of the Nightmare Spell precisely because the warriors of the future Great Clan had spent decades fighting against the titanic forest and its horrid spawns. There were no Masters and no Saints back then - and yet, they managed to push it back from the shores of the Mirror Lake.

Nevertheless, Bastion had still been besieged by the hungry woods from all sides, and it was only after the Second Generation of Awakened came of age that the situation changed. One of the sons of the famed founder of Clan Valor took command of the Knights and waged a ruthless war against the vast Titan.

Today, everyone knew the name of that son, for he had become the King of Swords. As for the abominable forest, it was long gone - burned to the ground, the ashes scattered by the winds.

A bustling city and fertile fields now stretched where impenetrable woods once stood, blocking the light of the sun and drowning the land in darkness, Sunny and Nephis had travelled far enough downstream to leave the settled parts behind, though.

Now, tall trees crowded the shore - these ones quite docile and not dangerous at all... unless one went digging for their roots or tried to cut them down, at least. There was a river bend not too far away, and the trees retreated a little along its curve, forming a sequestered beach.

Emerald leaves were rustling like a vast sea, and sunlight poured from the pure azure sky. The air was shimmering from the sweltering heat. Further away from shore, the ground was covered by moss and swaying grass, but there was a wide strip of golden sand near the water.

It was beautiful and peaceful, like a picture out of a book.

Sunny smiled when he saw the picturesque view.

"We're here."

The two of them carefully guided the boat to the shore. Nephis jumped down onto the sand, looked around, and inhaled deeply. She seemed at ease and relaxed, which was a rare sight. Sunny, at least, did not remember when was the last time he had seen her in such a serene mood.

Perhaps it was never.

Picking up the picnic basket, he jumped to the beach, then grabbed the bow of the boat with his free hand and pulled it ashore as if it did not weigh anything. Then, he studied their surroundings with a curious expression.

‘How nice.’

Suffice it to say, Sunny wasn't a big fan of getting wet- simply because the Spell had never missed a chance to drop him into some damnable body of water.  lіght\nоvel\world~c\о\m. Nevertheless, now that he was on an actual beach, the idea of spending a pleasant day playing in the water and basking in the sun did not seem terrible at all.

Especially in the present company.

Nephis glanced at him curiously.

"Well, what do you think? Is it everything you dreamed of?"

Sunny chuckled.

"Ah... it's not bad, I guess. We'll see how things go."

This outing of theirs was entirely spontaneous, and they had spent quite a while getting here. Needless to say, Sunny had not had a chance to eat before due to being summoned to the Castle and running around to prepare the date - so, he had worked up an appetite.

Nephis was most likely the same.

He found a good spot near the water and placed the basket down. Opening it, Sunny produced a beautifully embroidered blanket, laid it on the sand, and then moved the basket to its middle.

Looking at Neph, he asked:

"Would you like to eat something, Lady Nephis?"

She studied him for a few moments, then shook her head with a smile.

"Actually, I think I want to cool down a little first."

He nodded.

"Oh”

Then, his expression changed a little.

‘Oh!’

Before Sunny could react, Nephis took a step back and pulled her dress off. She was wearing a white swimming suit beneath - it was not too modest and not too revealing, hiding everything that needed to be hidden just well enough to set his imagination ablaze.

He barely managed not to gulp.

Her alabaster skin, her glistening silver hair, her striking eyes, the smooth lines of her supple body... it was a lot to take in.

Her figure was slender and athletic, with a flat stomach and perfectly defined muscles... as expected from a person who spent most of her time either in battle or practicing the sword. However, it wasn't harsh and cumbersome. Instead, it was beautiful and soft in all the right...

'I should probably... look away'

Sunny struggled to maintain his mental composure, knowing that she could sense the intensity of his longing.

...His struggles had limited success.

Nephis chuckled, then turned around and stepped into the water. Then, she looked at him over the shoulder.

"Are you coming?"

Sunny hesitated for a few moments.

He wanted to. And he was going to, eventually... but doing so meant that there was no way back. Because he would have to dismiss the Nebulous Mantle to take a dive into the cool water.

The Mantle protected him from prying eyes and suppressed his presence. Once his presence was released, Nephis would get a better measure of his power. She might not realize that he was a Saint immediately - some Masters had one too, after all. Sunny himself had emanated a subtle presence as an Ascended, for example.

Plus, five of his shadows were far away, which diminished the ferocity of his presence a lot.

But, still... Nephis would be able to realize the truth eventually.

He wasn't quite ready to let that happen, yet. Sunny smiled easily.

"Go ahead first. I'll prepare things here and join you soon."

She studied his face for a moment, then smiled and turned away.

"Suit yourself!"

Not wasting any time, Nephis dove into the cool water, escaping the summer heat with a splash. She moved away from shore with powerful strokes, then turned onto her back and continued swimming while looking at the vivid blue sky. Her tranquil gaze was full of joy.




***
Chapter 1810: Beautiful Gift


***






Sunny lingered for a few moments, then looked down and concentrated on setting the table.

However, he couldn't help but throw glances at Nephis, who was enjoying herself in the water. His gaze was a little heated, but he tried to control his emotions as best he could, knowing that she might sense the nature and intensity of his desire.

He was sure that she already had.

Maybe Nephis did not mind, though.

Sunny let out a quiet sigh.

His shadow sense had expanded to envelop a vast area, reaching far and wide. From the sky to the bottom of the river, nothing could escape him. He knew that Neph could handle any danger hiding underwater, but he still felt protective. Today was her day off, which was an exceedingly rare event. So, nothing was allowed to spoil it.

Many kilometers away, a hideous monster was stealthily moving through the woods. Before it could take another step, though, shadows suddenly came alive all around it. The beast did not have any time to react or to let out a roar - it was swiftly pulled into the darkness and disappeared from sight. A few moments later, a stream of blood flowed out of the shadows.

Sunny shook his head with reproach and continued pulling out snacks out of the picnic basket. There were all kinds of dishes for Nephis to choose from those she liked the most at the Brilliant Emporium. There was also a small brazier and a kettle to brew tea.

He had prepared well.

Eventually, Nephis had enough fun and swam back to the shore. Sunny was standing there peacefully, enjoying the breeze. Rising from the water, she swept her hair back and looked at him with an easy smile.

"Aren't you hot, Master Sunless? All alone there on the shore."

He hesitated for a moment.

"Not really. I've prepared the food. Would you like..."

Instead of answering, she looked at him for a moment, then moved her hand unhurriedly.

In the next moment, Sunny was splashed with water.

He froze.

‘Uh... what just happened?'

His brain refused to process the information.

Noticing his startled expression, Nephis couldn't help but laugh. Her melodious laughter, so rare and beautiful, was carried away by the wind, and then she looked at him with a hint of a mischievous smile.

Her tone was subtly teasing.

“...I feel a little cheated."

Sunny stared at her silently for a few moments, then sighed deeply and lowered his head.

Then, the Nebulous Mantle dissolved into shadows.

Immediately, the summer day seemed a little colder. The shadows hiding under the trees had grown deeper and darker. Their darkness, in turn, made sunlight more stark.

Not wasting any time, Sunny pulled off his clothes. He was wearing a pair of simple black swimming trunks underneath his trousers... finding them had given him a lot of trouble, actually, while he was preparing for the date.

Everything else was fine, but something like that would usually be imported from the waking world. Obviously, Sunny had to run around the city a little to procure a suitable pair.

The breeze caressed his naked skin, and at the same time, Nephis looked at him with a strange intensity in her calm grey eyes.

Sunny's body was not at all like what one would expect from a gallant and scholarly enchanter. It was lithe, with not a gram of fat covering the lean muscles. His figure looked like something chiseled from marble by an enamored sculptor.

His flawless porcelain skin made his raven-black hair and dark eyes seem even darker,

Most striking of all, though..., was an intricate tattoo of a great serpent that colled around his arms and torso. Contrasted against the fair skin, the black ink was like pure darkness.

Every onyx scale of the colling serpent was so vividly tattooed that it almost seemed alive.

Sunny had summoned the Serpent from Godgrave for a special purpose. He had not planned on revealing it in such a manner, though...

Well, all his plans had gone astray ever since this morning.

Nephis seemed a little startled by the sigh.

"You... you have a tattoo."

Sunny looked at his arms, then smiled pleasantly.

"That I do."

While she was gazing at him deeply, he sent a little essence into his muscles and jumped high into the air... then plummeted into the water like a cannonball, making sure that Nephis was in the splash zone.

"You..."

In the next moment, she was doused with water from head to toe.

Neph's eyes widened a little.

Laughing, Sunny surfaced and then swam away from the shore,

"You, get back here!"

The water was cool and clear, washing away the summer heat from his body.

'Coming to a beach... was Indeed a really great idea…’

***

The two of them played in the water for a while. With her silver anklets, Nephis was like a mermaid... Sunny spent most of the time enjoying the sight of her moving gracefully underwater, so much so that he was starting to worry that he would be too distracted and accidentally drown.

The water was pleasantly cool and incredibly clear. The sun, which had been high above them on the way to the beach, was slowly rolling down the horizon.

At some point, Sunny left Nephis alone and swam far away from the shore, then held his breath and dove down. 

Reaching the depths of the river, he noticed what he was looking for - a stealthy Nightmare Creature that looked like a massive boulder. Once he swam close to it, though, the boulder split apart, revealing a jagged line. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. The abomination was like a monstrous abalone, and what had seemed like stone was its shell.

Before the creature could swallow him, Sunny crushed the impregnable shell with his fist, and then spent some time thoroughly tearing the river beast apart, Eventually, he fished the soul shard out of its remains and pushed himself toward the surface.

Soon, thoroughly hungry, Sunny and Nephis returned to shore.

Pleasantly tired, they walked over to the picnic blanket and sat down. She looked at the food with glistening eyes.

Before Nephis could eat anything, however, Sunny reached outward and opened his palm.

The soul shard was laying on it. It was a bit different from how the usual rough crystals - this one was perfectly round and polished, glimmering with a beautiful nacre color.

Nephis looked at it with curiosity.

"What is this?"

Sunny smiled.

"Just... something beautiful. For you."

She hesitated for a moment, then took it and studied the glimmering pearl for a few moments.

Then, her face bloomed with a bright smile.

Bringing the pearl closer to her face, Nephis looked at Sunny with appreciation.

Then, she sighed.

"I don't have a gift for you, though."

Pushing a plate of sandwiches closer to her, Sunny laughed.

"You are here, That's the best gift”




***
Chapter 1811: Perfect Day


***






"You are here. That's the best gift."

Neph's smile grew a little wider.

'...Such a smooth talker.‘

Still, coming from Master Sunless, even the most trite compliment was too pleasant to hear.

She looked down at the luminous pearl he had given her. It was merely an Awakened soul shard, but... the lustrous pearl was so pretty, glowing softly with an opalescent shine in her hand. Its beauty and uniqueness made it seem quite valuable.

However, it was the intent behind the gift and the words that accompanied it that made Nephis like it a lot.

She looked at him with a light smile.

"I'll cherish it."

Master Sunless usually wore his hair tied back neatly, but now it was loose and wet, falling to his shoulders like a waterfall of black silk. His skin was like white porcelain, with the onyx scales of the coiling serpent contrasted starkly against its smooth surface. His dark eyes were glistening in the sunlight.

He looked lovely.

Nephis stole a furtive glance at his chiseled body, then hid her agitation by biting into a flavourful sandwich. Her eyes closed slightly.

'Ah...‘

The sandwich was absolutely delicious. It was simply unfair... her sight was already being assaulted by his figure, and now, her taste was besieged by his incredible cooking.

Which of her five senses would Master Sunless tackle next?

Thinking that, Nephis tried not to blush.

She had been a little flustered when he took off his clothes to jump into the water. He was much... sharper than she had imagined. Nephis was used to being in the company of warriors. so she had seen her fair share of athletic bodies. But the contrast between his gentle demeanor and his lean, sculpted physique was too striking.

Not to mention the detailed tattoo of the coiling serpent. It was so out of place on the body of the refined enchanter that Nephis had been given a pause. That tantalizing tattoo... seemed like it had a history.

Had Master Sunless been a delinquent once?

For some reason, the thought was strangely exciting.

Of course, she had a different suspicion about the origin of the serpent tattoo.

Then, there was the unexpected potency of his presence. She had known for a while that Master Sunless was in a habit of wearing a Memory that dampened the impression people had of him. But she had not expected that he would be that impressive.

His presence was subtle, but undeniable... very fitting for a man whose affinity lay with 0 shadows.

However, although she had paid attention to his appealing body and the unanticipated power of his dark presence, Nephis had been distracted by something else.

When Master Sunless dismissed his mantle, there was another thing that was revealed. She had always felt that his longing was strangely muffled — it was there, but somewhat obscured from her senses. But when the black mantle came off, the burning heat of his desire was finally revealed to her in all its startling depth.

It seemed that behind the humble, slightly melancholic exterior.... Master Sunless was a man of great passion.

That was why Nephis had been clustered.

She had known that he felt a strong attraction to her, both on an emotional and physical level. However, it was quite a surprise to feel how deep that attraction went.

...It was not an unpleasant surprise, though.

Because Nephis felt a strong attraction, too — otherwise, she wouldn't have agreed to see him in earnest. So, instead of being uncomfortable, she secretly felt pleased and flattered by his attention.

Nephis had been grateful for the cold water at that time.

it was all strange, and not entirely like herself. She had never felt that way... at least not that she could remember. But being with Master Sunless spoke to something deep within her. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. He made her feel at ease, as if the two of them belonged together like two pieces of the same puzzle.

He was just so... pleasant to be around. She couldn't help herself.

But that was fine. 

Nephis let go of these thoughts as she enjoyed the picnic prepared by Master Sunless. Everything was delicious. The tea was fragrant. The company was the best part.

The glistening water, the rustling leaves, the embroidered blanket, the man sitting near her... it was all perfect, like the picture out of a book.

She had not felt that relaxed in a long, long time.

A disastrous war that would decide not only her own fate, but the fates of countless humans as well, was almost upon them. And yet, here she was, enjoying an idle day at a beach with a beautiful man.

Nephis would have felt guilty about neglecting her responsibilities, but she knew that coming here today was also important.

She was proficient with a sword and had spent countless hours practicing how to wield it. Therefore. she knew that pushing her body without reprieve only seemed appealing, but would never produce a good result. The body needed sufficient rest in order to grow stronger and absorb what it had learned — otherwise, it would simply collapse, destroying all the progress.

It was the same with the mind. Nephis had a thousand issues to think about and a thousand strategies to plan. But it would not be good to drive herself into delirium by never allowing herself to relax — the mind needed rest, too. Persistent mental fatigue and sleep deprivation would only make it dull.

She knew all these things well.

But she had realized only recently that the heart was just like the body and the mind. lIer spirit needed reprieve from time to time, as well. She couldn't just strain it endlessly and expect that nothing would break — instead, she needed to maintain it carefully, just like she maintained her body and mind.

So, this idle time with Master Sunless was not irresponsible at all. There was no need to feel guilty about satisfying her desires. That was just her doing some much—needed maintenance on her weary heart.

Today was perfect.

Finishing the sandwich, Nephis leaned forward to pour herself some light wine. However, at that moment, Master Sunless reached forward, as well, aiming for the tea kettle.

Suddenly, their faces were terribly close.

Nephis looked at his lips thinking...

'I wonder. How soft would they feel to the touch?'




***
Chapter 1812: Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood


***






Sunny was enjoying the sight of Nephis consuming the food he had prepared delightedly. He did not speak much and just looked at her, feeling that the day was perfect. Everything went much better than he had anticipated. It was so blissful, in fact, that he unconsciously expected a Cursed Titan to fall on their heads out of nowhere.

Then, he had to remind himself that he wasn't Fated anymore.

'So... it will probably be fine.‘

Still, his mouth was suddenly dry at the thought.

Not thinking much about anything, Sunny reached for the tea kettle.

But, at the same time, Nephis reached for the bottle of wine.

Suddenly, their faces were terribly close. It was to the point that he could feel her breath on his cheek.

The two of them remained motionless for a few moments, looking into each other's eyes. Neph's gaze was calm, but also made him feel hot.

His own gaze... Sunny had no idea. He felt that it was rather intense.

Her tantalizing lips were so close.

She did not exactly move, but he sensed a subtle tension in her muscles, as if she was about to lean closer.

The leaves rustled softly all around them, and the setting sun painted by the sky in a million shades of golden radiance.

Sunny took a deep breath...

And said:

"I need to tell you something."

Just like that, the moment was gone.

He sighed.

"I said that there were secrets that I might never reveal. But... before anything else happens, there is one of them in particular I must share. So..."

Nephis remained motionless for a bit, then picked up the bottle of wine and leaned back. Pouring the greenish liquid into a glass, she exhaled slowly and took a sip.

Then, she smiled faintly.

"You don't really have to tell me. I already know."

Sunny froze.

His heart skipped a beat... no, a few beats.

Suddenly, he was a little panicked.

Hiding his frazzled state, he forced himself to breath and asked slowly:

"Lady Nephis... what, exactly, do you think you know?"

He had been gathering courage to admit that he was the Lord of Shadows for so long. But... she already knew? Know? Since when?

There were too many thoughts buzzing in his head.

Nephis drank more wine and smiled wistfully.

"Well, it wasn't that hard to figure out, was it?"

She paused for a few moments, then sighed.

"Plus, I feel like you've been giving me hints since we met today. I would be a fool not to realize."

Her tone wasn't particularly agitated... which was good.

However, at the same time, why wasn't it? How could she be so nonchalant?

Sunny had been agonizing about this issue for a long time, so he felt a little hurt by the fact that she could remain so calm about it.

He also didn't know how she could remain calm.

Nephis looked at him and continued:

"There are too few people with an affinity to shadows out there. But now, I am suddenly surrounded by them. Additionally... you could not have expected me to know, given how rare and arcane this knowledge is. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m.  But my experience in the Third Nightmare allowed me to draw a direct parallel between you and the Saint of Godgrave."

Sunny trembled.

"What knowledge?"

Her smile grew a little gentle.

"That mantle you wear looks just like the ritual attire of a priest of the Nightmare Spell. The mask the Lord of Shadows wears is part of that attire, as well. Now, it might be a coincidence for me to stumble on two people with high affinity to shadows, and it might be a coincidence for two Awakened to possess Memories inherited from the followers of Weaver. But both of these connections can't be a coincidence."

He slowly poured the tea into his cup.

'...Huh.'

lndeed. Why had he not thought about that? Probably because the Nebulous Mantle was quite inconspicuous, unlike the eye-catching Weaver's Mask. He had not expected anyone to attribute it to the cult of Weaver... but this was Ananke's mantle, after all. Nephis knew it too well.

Additionally, she had never been supposed to meet the humble shopkeeper, to begin with... their unexpected relationship was the result of a messy series of unanticipated events. So, Sunny had not been as meticulous in maintaining his disguise as he would normally be.

'She... she knew all along?’

The idea was startling.

Nephis, meanwhile, finished her wine and poured herself a little more.

"...But mainly, it was the fact that the Lord of Shadows was too well-informed about everything that is happening in both worlds for someone who is supposed to be a recluse. Knowledge like that can't be achieved without an information network. So, I figured that he has many agents scattered across the waking world and the Dream Realm."

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

'Huh?'

With a sigh, Nephis put her glass down and added in a soft tone:

"The lineage of Shadow God has never been discovered... at least everyone thinks so. But all these facts hint that it has. I don't know how the Shadow Clan managed to remain hidden for so long, and why you are starting to move now, but it doesn't matter. What matters..."

He tilted his head a little.

"Wait a moment..."

She looked him in the eyes and smiled.

"Is that I know that you are an agent of the Lord of Shadows, Master Sunless. But... that doesn't really change the way I think of you. So, you don't have to worry."

Sunny stared at her silently.

'...No, but why does she sound a little smug?‘

And also, she did not care if he was a spy working for the Lord of Shadows... that made him feel warm inside.

It was so adorable!

He inhaled, then said in a cautious tone:

"No, that's not it."

A hint of surprise appeared on Neph's face.

She lingered for a moment, then asked:

"It's not?"

Sunny scratched the back of his head awkwardly.

"What I mean to say is that I am not an agent of the Lord of Shadows."

His voice was a bit smooth.

"...I am the Lord of Shadows."

Nephis looked at him incredulously.

Her expression was deadpan.

"What?"

He nodded.

"Yes. The Lord of Shadows... that's me. We met in Godrgrave before we met in Bastion." Her face froze.

Nephis remained silent for a while, then asked in a flat tone:

"How would that even work? Godgrave is so far from Bastion, and your tether..."

Sunny sighed, then manifested the gloomy shadow into an avatar. A moment later, two of him were sitting on the blanket — one wearing nothing but the swimming trunks, the other wearing clothes made from manifested shadows.

"It's an Ability of mine. I have seven bodies. Two are here in Bastion, four are in Godgrave, and one is in the Song Domain."

Neph's eyes slowly widened.

She stared at the two of him without saying anything, her expression perfectly emotionless.

After a while, Sunny asked:

"Uh... Lady Nephis... are you fine?"

She nodded slowly.

"Yes. of course."

He hesitated.

"Are you sure?"

Nephis raised an eyebrow elegantly.

"Yes. Why are you asking?"

Sunny coughed.

"Because... the river is on fire…”




***
Chapter 1813: Behind the Mask


***






The river was, Indeed, on fire.

It was quite a strange sight. A vast expanse of clear water was boiling, and more than that, a sea of white flames was spreading across its surface like burning oll. A wave of heat assaulted Sunny like a tide, bathing him in warmth.

Neph slowly turned her head and looked at the river, a calm and composed expression on her face. The flames fell and were extinguished under her impassive gaze.

Then, she cleared her throat.

"Ah, yes. There... there was a Nightmare Creature preparing to surface. I burned it."

Her tone was poised and confident.

Sunny kept the smile off his face.

"Oh, I see. Of course. Thank you for reacting promptly."

His shadow sense was still enveloping the entire area, so he knew perfectly well that there had been no abomination. However, he wasn't going to mention it.

Instead, he raised the steaming cup of tea with a trembling hand, gulped it down, and sighed.

His avatar silently turned back into a shadow.

"Well... yes. As I was saying. There is no Shadow Clan and no information network. Instead, there is just me. My Transformation Ability allows me to manifest my shadows as incarnations of myself,

Nephis stared at him with wide eyes, stili struggling to accept the revelation. Her volce turned a little subdued.

"Transformation Ability? So... you are a Saint? No, of course you are... because you are the... the Lord of Shadows..."

She closed her eyes for a moment.

"Then what about the other forms? The shadow colossus? The little crow? I was under the impression that the Lord of Shadows... that you... could assume these shapes due to your Transcendent Ability."

Sunny scratched the back of his head.

"Those forms are made possible by a technique based on my Dormant, Awakened, and Ascended Abilities as well as my Aspect Legacy."

Nephis took a deep breath, then looked at him sharply.

After a few moments of silence, she asked with a hint of agitation in her voice:

"You..., you are really him? The Lord of Shadows?”

Sunny remained motionless for a bit then extended an arm forward. Soul Serpent slithered under his skin, flowing into his palm- then, the Intricate tattoo slowly disappeared, and the black odachi appeared in his hand.

He hesitated for a few moments, then gently placed the great sword on the sand.

"Yes. Although... It would be more appropriate to say that the Lord of Shadows is me."

Sunny looked at Nephis with a pale smile.

"I attained Transcendence four years ago, near the end of the Southern Campaign. After that... well, 1 was a little done with the world. So, I spent a few years wandering the Dream Realm aimlessly, having no desire to return. But eventually, I did. I sent most of my incarnations to Godgrave, where they battled the Nightmare Creatures and established a foothold in that damned place.  lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. And at the same time, I came to Bastion and opened my shop. That... is pretty much it."

She looked at him for a while without saying anything.

What was she thinking about? 

Sunny was afraid to imagine.

Was she blaming him for fooling her? Feeling betrayed? Was she too stunned to understand the meaning of his words?

Or was she, perhaps, alright with it? He did not know.

Nephis, meanwhile, reached for the wine allently. The bottle, not the glass,

***

Nephis was reeling.

She couldn't help but look at Master Sunless... no, Saint Sunless... no, was that even his real name?

She couldn't help but look at the charming enchanter and mentally compare him to the sinister, cold, overbearing Lord of Shadows.

Sunless was slender, beautiful, and nice. His features were very handsome, but not in a rugged kind of way. Instead, he was gallant and charming in a soft and charming manner. His onyx eyes were usually calm, with a hint of wry humor hidden in their dark depths. Sometimes, they were clouded by a veil of strange melancholy, and sometimes, they were glistening with sincere mirth.

He made Nephis feel at ease.

The Lord of Shadows, meanwhile... was fearsome and imposing. His face was always hidden behind a mask - sometimes, it was a featureless mask that made him look eerily unfathomable, and sometimes, it was the ferocious mask of a dark demon. His movements were sharp and powerful, full of ruthless intent. His sinister voice was cold and emotionless.

He made Nephis feel on edge.

If there was something in common between the two of them, it was that both of them seemed to be able to stir her emotions. But, still...

How could the two of them be the same person?

How could the gentle Master Sunless have cut down Great Nightmare Creatures without batting an eye?

How could the aloof Lord of the Shadows have worn a homely apron and caringly prepared delicious waffles for her, placing a scoop of ice cream and fresh strawberries on top?

She was failing to understand.

'Ah... my head hurts...'

Nephis asked a few questions to buy herself some time to process the impossible revelations. He answered them, but she barely heard the answers.

'No way! It can't be. I mean... yes, I made the connection between the two of them. And yes, Master Sunless... Saint Sunless... he warned me that he has a lot of secrets... but... but…’

Mostly, Nephis felt stunned.

There was a subtle hint of humiliation at being fooled, as well. Or rather, of being a fool.

But there was also something else.

Beneath the shock and rejection, she couldn't help but think...

Would it be so bad if the charming enchanter had turned out to be the Lord of Shadows?

Nephis remembered her first meeting with the mysterious Saint. She would have lied if she said that he had not fascinated her. His power, his beautiful swordsmanship, his cold arrogance... back then, she had felt wistful, thinking... that it would have been so nice, to have a steady partner like that,

Someone who could keep up with her... an equal.

Of course, she had often wondered what was hiding behind the mask of the Lord of Shadows. It was a bit exciting to Imagine. She was quite sure that he was young... but what did he look like? Was his face as cold and emotionless as his voice? Were his eyes as ruthless? Was he handsome? He had to be, as a Saint...

Was he even a human?

Nephis had only been distracted from that fascination after stumbling into an unexpected relationship with Master Sunless, the charming and gentle enchanter... first a fake one, then less and less so.

She mentally replaced the ferocious mask with the beautiful face of Master Sunless... Saint Sunless.

Or whatever his name truly was.

He would look so out of place in the heavy onyx armor, wielding the great blade of the dark odachi.

But also... it fit so well.

His raven-black hair, his porcelain skin, his dark eyes. She could imagine it easily, a beautiful man like him sitting on an obsidian throne in the Nameless Temple, clad in intricate onyx armor and surrounded by eternal darkness.

‘...How did I not realize it before!’

Nephis wanted to fall through the ground.

She feverishly went over every encounter with the Lord of Shadows, and then put them side by side with the time she had spent with Master Sunless.

The way he watched her practice swordsmanship...

The way he watched the lonesome tree in the courtyard of the dark temple...

The way he seemed to enjoy seeing people eat his food...

The way he seemed to prefer the solitude of the Nameless Temple despite surrounding himself with human-like shadows...

She swallowed some wine, not feeling its taste.

"Wait, wait... Sunless. Is that even your real name?”




***
Chapter 1814: Confession


***






"...Sunless. Is that even your real name?"

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

‘Why is she...'

But then, it made sense.

He knew that his feelings for Nephis were real, and him being the Lord of Shadows did not change them. But, for her... she must have been questioning everything she knew about him. Every word he had uttered was under suspicion of being a lie, and every action he had taken was under suspicion of being premeditated and purposeful.

That was because, while Master Sunless was merely a person, the Lord of Shadows was something else.

He was one of the players in the grand game between the powers of this world.

Sunny lingered for a moment, then offered her a fragile smile.

"Sure. That is my real name. Well, actually, although it is my real name, most people call me Sunny, So... I was going to suggest that you call me that too, soon... today."

He faltered, then sighed.

"Listen, I want... first, I want to explain something My Intention was never to deceive you. I did not approach you with an ulterior motive, insinuating myself into your good graces for a nefarious purpose. In fact, I never expected to meet you at all. I mean... meet you here, in Bastion"

He wasn't being very eloquent, but there was no helping it. Sunny's mind was in turmoil, and therefore, so were his words.

He sought a momentary refuge in the act of gulping down tea.

"It was... sort of like... like this. The Lord of Shadows was supposed to be a part of me that deals with the big picture. While Master Sunless, he wasn't supposed to have any purpose at all. He was just meant to live the life that I have always wanted to live, but was never able to. A quiet and peaceful life away from bloodshed and strife, one that had nothing to do with the Sovereigns, the war, the Nightmare Spell, the gods and the daemons. The future."

Sunny sighed.

"I just wanted to manage a small shop and live quietly. Or rather... I wanted to let a part of me experience that bliss, at least. So that was what I did, and I never expected that a few days after the Lord of Shadows met you, you would walk into my shop. Actually... I was so startled that I fell... like a fool..."

Neph blinked,

"That was why you were on the floor?" Sunny coughed and scratched his head in embarrassment.

"Yeah."

She stared at him intently.

"Walt. What about the duel with Tristan of Aegis Rose?"

He looked down.

"Oh, that... I tried really hard not to hurt him. Too much."

Nephis opened her mouth to say something, then closed it again. Then, she opened it once more and covered it with a hand, as if mortified.

"Wait! So, when Effie... when she..."

Sunny smiled sheepishly.

"Ah, right. That happened, too. It was a bit funny, actually."

Effie was in a habit of belittling the Lord of Shadows in an earnest attempt to help out Master Sunless win Nephis over. Her clumsy attempts to help missed the mark completely, of course, but were strangely endearing.

Although... Nephis had indeed ended up seeing the humble shopkeeper in a favorable light. So maybe Effie actually knew what she was doing?

Sunny wasn't sure, at that point.

Noticing that Nephis seemed to have lost the ability to speak, he hesitated for a moment, and then said softly:

"When you walked into my shop, it was like twe worlds colliding. Well, and after that... one thing led to the other... and before I knew it, we were in a contractual relationship, i was being knighted, and you were spending more time with me than with the Lord of Shadows.  lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. Who was supposed to be the only Incarnation of mine to face you"

He hesitated for a moment. 

"I knew that the best course of action would be to sever that connection and make sure that Master Sunless, the humble shopkeeper, never comes in contact with Changing Star of the Immortal Flame again. But... I was selfish, and I was greedy. And I went along with the flow, allowing it to pull me closer to you."

Nephis looked at him strangely, something flashing in her eyes.

Then, a slight frown creased her elegant brow. She mumbled:

"Wait. But Initially, I only trusted you... this version of you... because Cassie had vouched that you could be trusted. And she would not have done something like that without a thorough Investigation. How did she miss all these clues?"

Sunny almost choked on his tea.

Wiping his lips, he put the cup down and glanced at Nephis carefully.

'Ah.’

He said tentatively:

"Actually… Cassie was the first to find out. She made sure that I had no malice toward you, and tacitly agreed to keep my secret. For a bit. So that I could tell you myself, eventually"

The wine bottle... was slowly melting in Neph's hand.

Her voice trembled a little:

"Cassle knew?"

Sunny smiled awkwardly.

'Sorry, Cassie!'

"Ah... yes. We sort of... struck a deal. For reasons. But, you should know that she only has your best Interests in mind. So, if you want to blame someone, blame me. She has really done the best she could. It is me who's at fault."

Nephis stared at him silently for a while.

Then... she stared at him some more.

Sunny had a feeling that she was yelling at a certain blind seer currently, in her head.

He tried to imagine what Nephis was feeling.

His imagination failed.

Surely, she was shocked. Embarrassed, a little. Reeling.

But… maybe… was there no possibility that she was a little happy, as well?

The Lord of Shadow wasn't her enemy, after all. In fact, they had built some trust and rapport in the recent months, They had fought side by side, And he was someone anyone would wish to have by their side on the battlefield.

Someone who could support her on her treacherous path, not just treat her to a plenie between the calamitous battles.

Wouldn't it feel nice, to know that someone like that was also kind and caring... to her, at least... and that he was willing - longed for, really - to be more than just an ally?

Both the Lord of Shadows and Master Sunless were parts of Sunny. And together, they made someone who could stand side by side with Nephis wherever she went, and support her in whatever way she needed.

In short...

'I'm not that bad, am I?'

Nephis inhaled slowly, then said in a subdued tone:

"Which one of you is... the real you?"

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then said the truth:

"All of me is the real me."

He looked away.

"...It would be easy to say that one of my Incarnations is a mask, and the other one is the true me. But that would be a lie. They are all me, and the only difference between them is the role they have to play. The Lord of Shadows is meant for war, and so, he is aloof and unyielding. Master Sunless is meant for peace, and so, he is soft and accommodating."

Sunny lingered for a moment, and then added quietly:

"I guess you can say that one of them is what 1 want to be, while the other is what i have to be. But that... is not really important. What's important is that..."

He looked at her with a pale smile.

"Both of them are me, and I am sincere in my feelings for you. You know it. You should have felt my longing."

Nephis studied his face for a long time.

Then, she nodded slowly.

And... blushed?

"I see. I... need to digest it. Sorry!"

'Wha...'

Before Sunny could react, beautiful white wings appeared behind Nephis, and she soared into the air, sending sand flying in all directions.

"Wait!"

He called after her, but she swiftly rose into the sky, and then disappeared in the direction of Bastion,

Sunny was left alone on the beach, frozen.

"You... you..."

He looked down, remained silent for a while, and grimaced.

“...You forgot to take your dress."

Indeed.

Nephis was in such a hurry to leave that she had forgotten to pick up her white summer dress. Of course, she could summon a Memory armor to cover her body at any moment... but still...

Sunny sighed deeply.

He didn't regret confessing his identity to her. He would have felt uncomfortable going further without doing that.

But he did regret it, a little.

Their perfect date was ruined.

And yet...

He looked at the sky silently.

There, at the end...

‘Her reaction wasn't that bad, was it?’

It wasn't.

In fact... it was a little promising.




***
Chapter 1815: Stranded


***






The sky above the Moonriver Plain was grey and unfriendly. Drops of cold water were dribbling from above, and the winds were blowing above the barren wasteland, howling as they dove into the canyons.

Rain sat in front of the crackling fire for a few minutes, staring somberly into the distance. Her body was bruised, but there were no serious wounds. Her mind was clear.

It was just that the situation was a bit bleak.

Rain sighed heavily, then inspected her surroundings. Well... there wasn't much to inspect. The stony wasteland was nearly featureless. There were a few twisted, dead trees a dozen or so meters away.

Beyond that, far away, stood a weathered ruin... the canyon was on the other side, a stone throw away.

Next, she inspected herself and grimaced. Rain was wearing her usual leather pants, henley, wool vest, and jacket. She was not going to suffer from the cold because her body was protected by her worn-out military bodysuit, but her warm coat was still in her pack... which was back with the survey team, full of survival equipment.

The last time she had seen her sword, it was impaling the abominable hand to the ground. Her bow and quiver were now somewhere at the bottom of the canyon. The only weapons she had left were the hunting knife in the sheath attached to the small of her back, and a dagger hidden in her boot.

It wasn't much.

However, what concerned Rain the most was not the lack of weapons, but the lack of simple tools. There was no food or water, either...

Luckily, there was a young lady from a noble clan. Tamar had to have a few useful Memories in her soul arsenal.

Rain rubbed her face, then rose and walked over to the unconscious girl. After inspecting her carefully, she scowled and cursed quietly through gritted teeth.

"Damnation..."

Tamar... wasn't in a good shape. She was not at death's door, but her body was terribly battered. Her face was bruised, and judging by a slight grimace that contorted it with each breath, so were her ribs. One of her arms was badly injured if not for the vambrace of her enchanted armor, it would have been mangled even worse.

Worst of all, both of her legs seemed to be broken. She must have been slammed against the wall of the canyon or had been caught between rocks, being tossed around by the current. Well... it was already a miracle that they had managed to survive, In fact, Rain should have been worse off than Tamar, whose Awakened physique was much more robust.

Her teacher must have made rescuing her a priority.

Rain sighed deeply.

She wasn't particularly fond of the haughty Legacy, but there was also no animosity between them. So, seeing her in such a sorry state made Rain feel despondent.

Tamar had chosen to catch the falling laborer instead of saving herself, after all. If she had been more selfish, she might have avoided getting hurt altogether.

"Stupid woman..."

Rain stared at the unconscious girl for a while, then rose and walked away.

She returned a couple of minutes later, carrying a few sturdy branches.

Awakened were much stronger than mundane people, and could recover from many terrible wounds. The healed much faster. Tamar seemed to have already saturated her core, as well - at that despite only Awakening a couple of months ago.

'One of the perks of being a Legacy, I guess.'

She must have received a treasure trove of soul shards immediately after becoming an Awakened. Legacy clans were known to provide their young with a lot of support... granted, not quite to that degree, Clan Sorrow must have liked pampering young Tamar.

...Or rather, they probably were in a hurry to make her as strong as possible before the start of the war.

The thought made Rain feel cold.

In any case, Rain wasn't too concerned about the younger girl - she would make a full recovery before too long.

However, this was the Dream Realm. They were lost and far away from other humans. Their situation was rather precarious.

Taking off her jacket, Rain hesitated for a few moments and unsheathed her knife. She cut her henley and then tore off its sleeves with a regretful expression. Finally, she sat down on the ground and started to cut the sleeves into thin strips of fabric, meaning to make them into cords.

It was better to set Tamar's bones before she regained consciousness. 

Once the cords were ready, Rain returned the knife into its sheath and approached the Legacy girl. Her greaves and cuisses were in the way, so Rain had to unstrap them.

Memory armor was rarely donned and stripped, since Awakened could simply summon and dismiss it. However, that did not mean that it couldn't be taken off normally, Granted, Rain wasn't very familiar with how all these plates of metal were fastened to a human body and each other. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. So, she fumbled a little.

She was in the process of trying to remove a greave when something about her surroundings subtly changed. Looking up, she was a little startled to see that Tamar had opened her eyes and was staring at her dazedly.

"...What are you doing?"

The Legacy girl's voice sounded hoarse.

Rain looked down.

'Ah.’

From the side, it surely seemed like she was trying to loot the half-dead young lady for a pair of boots. Like a complete scoundrel.

Rain smiled sheepishly and then said in a friendly tone:

"Don't scream."

Tamar looked at her in confusion. Then, her eyes widened, and she let out a stifled groan.

The pain had finally caught up with her.

"Argh... aaah... damn it!"

The young Legacy slumped on the ground and gritted her teeth, reeling from pain.

Rain, meanwhile, let go of the greave and shook her head in dejection.

All that work, completely in vain.

She waved to attract Tamar's attention.

"Hey, Lady Tamar. Dismiss your armor."

Tamar looked at her silently for a few moments.

"...Why?”

Rain inhaled quietly, then tried her best to imitate the tone her mom had used to make her younger self take medicine:

"Your legs are broken. I need to set the bones... well, unless you want them to heal wrong."

The young Legacy gritted her teeth, then raised her torso and looked down. A few moments later, she fell back on the ground, her face turning pale.

There was a long stretch of silence, and then, her plate armor collapsed into a whirlwind of sparks, leaving only the cloth underlayer behind. Tamar was left wearing only a simple white shirt and breeches, shivering slightly in the cold.

Rain hesitated a little before picking up her jacket and covering the younger girl with it. Then, she looked at her pale face from above.

"It's going to hurt a lot. Do you want to bite down on something?"

Tamar slowly shook her head.

"Just to do it."

'Well, suit yourself.’

Rain returned to her feet, picked up on them gently, placed her hand on her calves, and said gingerly.

"Listen. I'm going to count to three, One..."

Without saying anything else, she pulled.

In the next moment, Tamar clenched her fists and let out a string of curses. Or at least she must have thought that they were curses in fact, this proper young lady had no idea how to properly curse. It was a bit adorable.

"You... you said you would count to three!"

Rain shrugged nonchalantly.

"I lied.”




***
Chapter 1816: Simple Porter


***






Tamar handled the pain surprisingly well. Rain herself was no stranger to pain, but she had never been hurt that badly. She wasn't sure if she could have maintained composure in a similar situation - at least without a dire need to stay composed.

Humans were wired to abhor pain, so there was nothing wrong with showing a bit of weakness.

But after that first string of curses, the young Legacy stayed silent and simply glared at Rain intensely. It was as if she was inviting her to try her worst.

'Weirdo.’

Luckily, Rain was quite good at treating injuries. All children learned the basic treatment procedures in school, and she had been additionally schooled on how to deal with most injuries in the wilderness by her teacher. So, Tamar did not have to suffer unnecessarily.

After the bones were set, Rain told her to summon back her boots, and then went about making splints from the branches and cords she had prepared.

While she busied herself with it, Tamar finally spoke:

"You... Rani..."

Rain glanced at her briefly, then looked back down.

'Huh. She remembers my name.’

"What?"

The Legacy girl inhaled slowly.

"Where are we?"

'Good question.'

Rain hesitated for a few moments, coming up with a believable lie. Sadly, the fact that they were alive was quite unbelievable.

But then again, the existence of her teacher was even harder to believe. So, any explanation she could come up with would sound more plausible than the truth.

Eventually, she said:

"I'm not sure, either. Somewhere downstream from where we fought the Tyrant. It looks like the river carried us pretty far... when I came about, I was laying on the edge of the canyon, with no trace of the others in sight. You were about a hundred meters downriver. That's all I know."

Tamar remained silent for a while.

"How did we survive?"

'A petty shadow rescued us from the current, then left us to fend for ourselves in the wilderness... because I hurt his feelings...'

She smiled faintly,

"No idea. I assumed it was because of some powerful life-saving Memory you have.”

The young Legacy ralsed an eyebrow.

"There's no such thing."

Rain sighed.

"That's too bad."

Finally finished, she looked at Tamar and shrugged.

"Well, we're both alive. Now, we just need to make our way back to the main camp, and then we will even be able to keep staying alive. Isn't that wonderful?"

The young Legacy looked at her somberly, not saying anything.

Rain smiled faintly.

"What? Why are you looking at me like that?"

Tamar glanced at splints on her legs, then faced her with a grim expression.

"We don't even know where we are. The wilderness is teeming with Nightmare Creatures. And I can't fight. How are we going to get to camp with me like that?"

Rain wasn't very concerned.

"What's the problem? Summon that Echo of yours, and let's ride it all the way back."

The young lady did not answer.

Her silence… was a little unnerving.

Rain frowned.

"Is there a problem?”

Tamar simply stared at her grimly for a bit, then said evenly:

"I can't summon my Echo."

Her words sent a chill running down Rain's spine. The giant wolf had been perfectly fine when they fell into the canyon... had it not? The two of them could easily survive the perilous journey with its help.

However, without the Echo, the situation would indeed be chillingly grim. Being lost in the wilderness of the Dream Realm with no tools and no weapons, with the sole Awakened warrior among the two of them suffering from heavy injuries... making it to the main camp in one piece seemed like a very distant possibility, to say the least.

Rain looked at Tamar, her frown deepening.

"Why? Was it destroyed?"

The young Legacy slowly shook her head.

"No, it's not destroyed."

Rain lingered for a moment, then rubbed her face tiredly.

"Then what's the problem?"

Tamar remained silent for a few seconds.

"The survey team is lacking a melee fighter now. Ray can do a lot of damage from stealth, but he is not well-suited for direct combat. Without that Echo, the team will suffer heavy casualties... if they can even make it back to the main camp.  lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. They won't have a way to cross the canyons, either. The mission will fail." 

Rain stared at her incredulously.

After a while, she said:

"So... it's not that you can't summon the Echo. You won't summon the Echo. Because you would rather die than put the team - and your mission at risk."

Tamar nodded.

"That's right."

A strange smile appeared on Rain's lips.

"That is very noble of you, Lady Tamar. It's commendable that you have decided to die for your duty. But what about me? Isn't it a bit strange that you have also decided that I will die to uphold your duty? Doesn't seem very fair.”

The young Legacy frowned.

"Have you no loyalty? Those people are your comrades, and our mission is important for the future of the Song Domain. We... we must be ready to sacrifice for the greater good."

Rain laughed.

"Loyalty? I am sorry, Lady Tamar... I am a hired laborer, I get paid a pitiful amount of coins to carry rocks and do tedious chores. Am I supposed to die for the right to carry rocks or for the privilege to do chores? I've been only doing that to put food on my plate. The only thing I'm loyal to is my stomach."

Tamar glared at her with indignation, then took a deep breath and grew quiet.

Sprawling on the ground in exhaustion and clearly suffering from pain, she remained silent for a few moments, then sighed.

"...You're right. You are not a Legacy, or even a soldier. So, I can't expect you to understand. Still... I won't compromise the entire survey team for the sake of one member. I won't leave them without the protection of the Echo."

Rain sighed inwardly.

'Stubborn fool..’

Tamar, meanwhile, looked at her with a grave expression.

"But I also can't expect you to share my burden. So... leave me. Your legs are perfectly fine. You stand a chance of making it back alive without me. I've seen your skill - you are not defenseless. So, I'll... I'll give you a few of my Memories. You won't be able to use the enchantments, but they will still be helpful. If you are careful enough and lucky enough, you'll survive."

Rain studied her pale, determined face silently.

After a while, she asked in a neutral tone:

"So, that's your plan? To send me off and stay here, immobilized, to die on your own?"

Tamar raised her chin arrogantly.

"Who says I'll die? I'll crawl and find a good place to hide. In a week or two, the survey team will reach the main camp. Then... someone will come to find me. I just need to last for a while.”

Her tone was confident, but her words did not sound very convincing.

Rain did not say anything for a while, then massaged her temples with a grimace.

Eventually, she said:

"Fine. Don't summon your damned Echo. Instead, summon a rope. Or a cloak... something like that."

Tamar frowned in confusion.

"A... a rope? What for?"

Rain stood up and raised her hands above her head, stretching her body. She could feel strength returning to her limbs.

"Because I am going to drag you to the main camp Instead of that Echo. If I have to. You did save my life back in the canyon, after all. I might be a simple porter, but I'm not an ingrate... my mom taught me better."

She had decided to stay with Tamar

After all, there should not be a lot of difference between carrying rocks and carrying a slim Legacy girl...

They were going to make it back together, or not at all.




***
Chapter 1817: Shelter and Food


***






Among Tamar's Memories, there was an enchanted cloak. Its enchantment wasn't very useful in their current situation, but the cloak itself was just what Rain needed.

Harvesting two long branches from the dead trees, she used it to create a makeshift stretcher. Rain held the front end of the stretcher, while the rear end dragged on the ground. For the young Legacy, it wasn't the most comfortable way to travel - but if she was suffering, she did not let it show.

As for Rain herself, she quickly warmed up from the strain. Hauling Tamar over a long distance in this manner was not very plausible, but luckily, they weren't going far just yet.

For now, their plan was to find shelter and wait for about ten days before summoning the Echo. That much time should be enough for the survey team to return to the main construction camp, or at least get close to it. So, all Rain and Tamar had to do was survive that long.

It was especially important that Tamar remained alive, because with her death, the Echo would disappear as well. Then, the survey team would be in peril...

Remembering the porters she had become friends with, Rain grimaced. She had put on a cynical facade in front of the young Legacy, and although there was some truth to her words, in all honesty, she wasn't willing to save herself by sacrificing those people, elther.

Plus, Rain was not helpless. Although the Moonriver Plain were much more dangerous than the wild reaches around Ravenheart, she still stood a fair chance of surviving here.

‘I'll take it one step at a time.’

For now, they had to find shelter. Then, procure food and water. After that... she was going to think about it later.

Soon, the ruins drew near. They were too large to be a solitary building, but too small to be the remains of a town. Stone walls rose from the ground, once tall and magnificent, now crumbling and covered in cracks. Rainwater was spilling out of the cracks, and it seemed as if the ruins were weeping.

There was no telling what that place had been once, and currently, Rain wasn't that interested in solving the mystery.

Instead, her gaze fell on the ground and grew tense.

'Damn it.’

She stopped without approaching the ruins and gently placed the stretcher on the ground. Tamar's face paled from the jolt, but she stubbornly refused to let her pain show.

"What is it?"

Rain studied the ground with a somber expression. A few moments later, she sighed.

"There are prints on the ground."

Tamar turned her head to look.

There were indeed traces of something having stalked this area in the mud. The prints weren't too large, and were clearly animalistic in nature. Judging by their size and depths, the creature - or creatures - weren't too large.

Still, it was a cause for concern.

The ruins Rain had hoped to take shelter in were occupied.

The two young women looked at each other silently.

Eventually, Tamar asked:

"What do you want to do? We... we can go further away from the canyon."

Rain remained silent for a while, then slowly shook her head.

"There's no point. Whatever it is that lives in the ruins will be faster than us, by far. Once it crawls out and catches our scent, it will find us no matter how much distance we can cover before nightfall."

Which wasn't much distance at all.

The state of the paw prints hinted that they had been left many hours, but less than a day ago. So, Rain suspected that the inhabitant of the ruins was a nocturnal predator, Even if she hauled Tamar away with all her strength, they were not going to outrun a Nightmare Creature.

She sighed.

"It has to die."

Rain looked at Tamar, then asked her to summon her Memory weapons. Soon, a small arsenal appeared from sparks of light on the ground in front of her.

The brutish zweihander was a beautiful and fearsome weapon... not to mention utterly deadly. Unfortunately, Rain could barely lift it - she could muster just enough strength to swing it from side to side in a crude and graceless arc, but there was no hope of doing that with any semblance of speed and accuracy.  lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m.  Which meant death in an actual battle.

To her delight, Tamar possessed an enchanted bow and a quiver of arrows, as well. But... Rain could not even draw the bow. It was too heavy, and one would have to have a bear's strength to bend its limbs. 

There was a beautifully austere battle spear, as well. Sadly, it was even worse than the zweihander. While its weight wasn't as great, the balance was different, so Rain almost toppled while trying to lift it.

Dejected, she stared at Tamar for a few moments, gaining a new appreciation for the younger girl's slender physique.

'How is she so strong with a body like that?’

The young Legacy had been brandishing the brutish greatsword with elegant ease, and even Jumping over canyons while wielding it. Awakened possessed Immense physical prowess, but Tamar seemed especially strong, or at least knew how to utilize her strength especially well.

Shaking her head, Rain gave up on the youg Legacy's main weapons.

Instead, she only picked up a kindjal - a simple double-edged dagger with a straight blade and a sharp tapered tip. It had no guard or decorations to speak of, but there was a lethal beauty to its simplicity.

The length of its broad blade was a bit too long to be a dagger, but a bit too short to be a short sword.

Rain weighed it in her hand and nodded.

"I'm off."

Tamar grimaced and tried to crawl off her stretcher.

"Wait..."

She picked up the enchanted bow and pulled the quiver closer to herself, then sat up, facing the ruins.

"If it's... if you can't handle it, draw it into the open. I'll try to bring it down from the ground."

Rain studied her for a few moments with a neutral expression.

She was trying not to smile.

Tamar's intent was gravely serious, but with her legs outstretched and fixed straight by splints, she looked a bit comical, sitting there on the ground like a doll.

Eventually, Rain gave her a nod, gripped the enchanted dagger, and headed for the ruins.

The shape of the weapon was only marginally more advantageous than her hunting knife. However, it was a genuine Memory - and of the Ascended Rank, no less.

Even if Rain could not use any of the dagger's enchantments, its sharpness alone would be of great help.

Feeling tense and uneasy, she silently entered the ruins. A few moments later, her figure was swallowed by darkness.

Tamar was left sitting in the mud, gripping her bow tightly. The jacket Rani had lent her fell to the ground, but she could not even feel the cold. Looking down at the jacket, she noticed that it was lined with a fine alloy mesh - the stitching was very neat, but it had clearly been reinforced to become a makeshift piece of protective gear by hand.

She stared at the Jacket for a few moments, surprised, Tamar was no stranger to all kinds of armor- however, as a Legacy, she had always been meant to become an Awakened. So, the armor she was knowledgeable about was in the form of powerful Memories and defensive Aspect Abilities.

Such a minuscule, mundane method of protection as lining one's jacket with reinforced alloy would have never crossed her mind.

It was so strange.

Rani herself was strange.

She seemed... too calm, and too capable. Most of all, her mental fortitude was entirely out of place. By all accounts, she should have been terrified and on the verge of panicking. It was Tamar who was supposed to be the one to maintain her composure in any situation, as an Awakened warrior should.

And yet, why did it seem as if Rani was more prepared to face the horrors of the Dream Realm than she was?

As if, for her, all of it was just a normal Tuesday.

‘...Can she be a Valor spy?’

That would be reasonable. However... somehow, Tamar did not believe it.

She gritted her teeth and faced the ruins.

For a few minutes, there was only silence.

And then, the silence was torn apart by a chilling roar.

Deep within the ruins, a heavy object collided against the stones. She heard a faint sound of something sharp grinding against the ancient walls, One of them seemed to crumble with a loud crack.

Tamar raised her bow and prepared to draw the string.

A while later, a slender figure walked out of the darkness.

Rani's clothes were soaked with blood, but the blood was too dark to have come from a human. Her expression was nonchalant.

She was wiping the blade of the enchanted dagger on the sleeve of a black military bodysuit as she walked.

Approaching Tamar, the strange porter flashed her a smile.

"An Awakened Beast. We were lucky."

Tamar looked up, staring at the mundane girl silently.

...Is that what she calls lucky?'

An Awakened Beast was supposed to be a herald of death for a mundane human. Even the government soldiers used heavy suits of mechanised armor and powerful rifles to face one.

Soon, Rani dragged her into the ruins. Finally sheltered from rain, Tamar felt a little better.

They entered a spacious hall in the central structure of the ruin. It was dark inside, but that did not prevent her from seeing the body of a large beast laying on the stone floor. The lower part of its body was buried under rubble, and its throat was savagely slit, seeping with blood.

Sitting down on the floor, Rant leaned back tiredly.

After a few moments of silence, she suddenly smiled.

"Here's shelter. And look..."

She pointed at the dead abomination.

"There's food."

Her smile dimmed a little.

"Now, I just need to find water…”




***
Chapter 1818: Moment of Respite


***






Even though did not show it, she was still reeling from the short, but lethal battle with the Awakened Beast.

A creature like that was not something she had not faced before, but those encounters had always been preceded by careful planning and preparation. Challenging an abomination as powerful as that blind was a chilling experience.

Luckily, the beast had been slumbering deeply when Rain entered the ruins. She stalked them silently, found the enemy, and managed to devise a feasible plan without alerting the abomination.

Then, she cut her arm and stirred the Nightmare Creature awake with the scent of blood. Luring it out of its lair, Rain toppled a badly damaged stone wall on the beast, burying it under rubble. The enemy was immobilized - even if only for a few moments. So, she rushed in, dodged its deadly claws deftly, and sliced its throat open with the sharp blade of the Ascended dagger.

It all ended in a heartbeat. Rain wasn't even injured... of course, she could have very well lost her life, One mistake was all it took to die. If she had hesitated even a little or had been a split second too late to dodge the monstrous claws, the beast would have been gnawing on her bones by now.

But it was dead instead.

So... It all worked out, in the end.

‘I don't like it'

Rain had grown accustomed to hunting Nightmare Creatures, but the lack of control in this Improvised battle made her feel uneasy. She didn't like gambling with her life.

Letting out a sigh, she glanced at Tamar and then went about making a fire. The young Legacy had a tinderbox Memory, so Rain did not have to go through the tedious motions of forcing the damp wood to catch flame by hand. Soon, the ruin was illuminated by warm orange light, and the two of them were warming themselves in front of the fire.

The rain had turned into a dribble by then, so she couldn't collect rainwater anymore - at least not conveniently.

'It would be easier to wait for the canyon to fill with water once again.'

She would walk there later. Rain had to scout their surroundings, anyway.

For now, though...

She weighed the enchanted in her hand once again, then sighed and rose to her feet.

"Wait here."

Dragging the carcass of the dead beast outside with some effort, Rain dressed it down and salvaged a fair deal of meat. She had no salt to cure it, and there was not enough wood to smoke it. So, most of the meat was destined to spoil shortly.

If they were lucky, though, it could last them just long enough.

Returning Inside, Rain skewered the meat on sticks and began to roast it. It would have been better to do it over coals, but open fire worked, as well.

Tamar observed her actions silently. All in all, she was holding up well despite the terrible injuries.

After a while, the young Legacy asked:

"Rani... who are you?"

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"What do you mean? I'm a porter. Before that, I was a laborer in the main construction camp. They pay members of survey teams much more, so I volunteered."

Tamar scrutinized her for a few moments, then shook her head.

"You are too skilled to be a simple porter. Archery, swordsmanship, wilderness survival. Most of all, your mentality is not that of a mundane person."

Rain looked at her dubiously.

"I'm sorry, Lady Tamar... but have you spent a lot of time with mundane people?"

The younger girl frowned.

"What do you mean?"

Rain smiled and concentrated on the roasting meat.

"I mean that you Legacies are a bit isolated from the rest of us mundane folks. You grow up being trained by your clans instead of going to school, and only attend the Academy for a month or two to make connections with fellow Sleepers. Then, you assume an Important position and spend all your time surrounded by Awakened warriors. So, how would you even know what a mundane person should be like?"

She glanced at Tamar and shrugged.

"Well, alright. I might be a bit of an outlier. But, still... why can't I have great combat skills? Every child in the world is trained to be able to defend themselves. I trained especially diligently, both in school and with private tutors. That was because once upon a time, a Nightmare Gate opened near me. So, I was motivated."

Rain paused for a moment, and then added with a shrug:

"I worked long and hard to prepare myself for the First Nightmare. It was just that my Nightmare never came - I wasn't chosen by the Spell, and remained mundane. There is no inherent difference in skill or determination between mundane people and Awakened, wouldn't you say? It's just a matter of luck."

Tamar studied her for a bit, then asked:

"That might have been so in the past, but the situation is different now. With your talent and skill, you stand a great chance of surviving the First Nightmare. So why didn't you apply to challenge one? lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. All you had to do was return to the waking world, and let the Spell take you. Your training would not have been wasted."

Rain remained silent, then sighed. 

"People don't just risk their lives for no good reason. I value my life a lot, you know. Because there is someone out there who treasures it."

Her expression turned somber.

She hesitated for a few moments, and then added:

"My older brother died challenging a Nightmare. My parents have suffered enough, so I don't want to risk putting them through that pain again."

Rain did not expect the proud Legacy to understand - Legacies were a ruthless bunch, after all.

But, to her surprise, Tamar seemed to feel her words deeply.

The younger girl lowered her head and looked at the ground.

After a while, she said stiffly:

"...Mine too."

Rain looked at her in confusion.

"What?"

Tamar sighed.

"My older brother died challenging a Nightmare, too. He was much older than me, and very talented. The pride of our clan. He became a Master at an early age, and challenged the Third Nightmare after a while. And died there."

Her expression was stoic, but her voice was tinged with heavy emotions.

Eventually, the young Legacy shrugged.

"Well, the age gap between us was too big, so I did not know him well. I just thought I'd share... since you did first."

Rain looked at her quietly for a while, then turned away.

"Thank you for sharing."

With that, she pushed a skewer of roasted meat into Tamar's hand and rose to her feet.

"Now eat. I'll go scout the surroundings a bit."

Rain left the ruin and explored the area a little, eating the meat as she walked. Eventually, she made her way to the edge of the canyon.

All in all, the situation seemed much less dire than she had expected. There did not seem to be any more Nightmare Creatures around, which meant that they would probably be able to hide in the ruins for many days.

Now, she just needed to collect water.

Sitting at the edge of the canyon, Rain sighed and looked down, into its dark depths, waiting for the chasm to start weeping.

‘What will I use to collect water? Unless Tamar has a suitable Memory, her helmet will have to do…’

At that moment, her body suddenly tense, and her eyes widened.

Her expression froze.

Because she saw...

Out there in the depths of the canyon, a massive shadow was moving.

Grabbing onto the rocks with its countless hands.




***
Chapter 1819: Pursued


***






Rain froze, afraid to move.

There, below her, far away, something was moving In the darkness. Sunlight did not reach that deep Into the canyon, but she was still able to discern a vague and frightening shape.

The creature was immense and hunched, with countless arms protruding like a sinewy forest from its massive hump. She thought she saw a clawed hand reaching up to grab the weathered rocks, and in the next moment, an echoing sound of rolling stones rose from the canyon.

Rain's whole body grew tense.

The Awakened Tyrant they had fought before falling into the river seemed to be alive. Worse than that, it was here now, either by coincidence or because it had followed their scent.

For a moment, her heart was drowned with fear.

She had battled and slain many Nightmare Creatures. Most of the were dormant, while some were Awakened. The strongest of them had been the Huntsman... and barely survived that fight.

There was no chance that she would be able to survive a battle against an Awakened Tyrant. That creature was not something a mundane person could ever kill. Not even an Awakened would face it alone - even a full cohort was not always enough to deal with a Tyrant.

To rain, the hideous abomination was like a herald of death.

...Still, she forced herself to calm down. Fear was not going to help her

What would, though? Nothing came to mind.

‘Run. We must run.'

That was the only logical conclusion.

Forgetting to breathe, Rain slowly backed away from the edge, trembled as she turned her back to it, and silently rose to her feet. Then, She took several cautious steps forward, and broke into a sprint.

'Damn it, damn it, damn it...'

So much for hiding from danger in the ruins. So much for waiting for ten days. Not only had danger found them, but it was also of a kind that they had no hope against.

Rain glanced at her shadow and hesitated, not knowing if she should say something. Her teacher had been strangely silent since the morning, as if he wasn't there at all...

In the end, she didn't say anything.

Entering the ruins, she saw that Tamar was laying on the floor, staring at the ceiling with a bleak expression on her face. The younger girl was in terrible shape, so Rain had hoped that she would have an opportunity to rest and recover a little.

Sadly, that was not in the cards anymore.

Noticing Rain's hurried motions and grim expression, Tamar rose on an elbow and scowled.

"What's the matter?"

Rain was already rolling the strips of monster meat into her jacket, knowing that hunger and physical strain did not go well together. In the wilderness, food was life, and hunger was death.

"Get on the stretcher."

She paused for a moment, and then added darkly:

"The damned Tyrant has followed us. It is climbing up the canyon."

Tamar's eyes widened.

She froze for a moment, then gritted her teeth and silently crawled onto the makeshift stretcher.

Rain threw the rolled jacket to her, then grabbed the handles and grunted.

'Ah...'

The young Legacy girl wasn't exactly heavy, but she still weighed much more than Rain could carry comfortably. Worse still, that weight wasn't distributed evenly between her shoulders and waist, like that of a backpack would. Dragging her to the ruins was a bit of an exercise... but would Rain be able to drag the stretcher across many kilometers of rough terrain?

Not without killing herself, most likely.

'Curse it all!'

There was no time to think. For now, she had to create as much distance between them and the Tyrant as possible. There was still a possibility that the creature had been carried to this corner of the Moonriver Plain by the same current as them - so, It could have been here by coincidence. In that case, they still had a chance to escape.

If not...

"Let's go."

Rain dragged the stretcher out of the ruin and hesitated for a few moments, a lost look on her face.

Where were they supposed to head?

Every direction was the same - except for where the canyon, and the Tyrant, were. So, Rain felt inclined to rush in the opposite direction from the abomination, goin west.

But she decided to ask Tamar's opinion first. As if guessing her thoughts, the Legacy girl spoke quietly from the stretcher.

"The canyons of the Moonriver Plain typically stretch from north to south. We have been carried far south by the river - so, the main camp should be somewhere northwest of our position."

She hesitated a little, and then added:

"However, we don't know how far we were carried, exactly. It may be more prudent to head further south, instead. That way, we might reach the edge of the plain and find the Lake of Tears.”

The Lake of Tears and the great waterfall, Weeping Goddess, were where Clan Sorrow's Citadel stood.

Rain remained motionless for a few moments, considering her options.

The main construction camp of the road crew was northwest of their position. The Lake of Tears was somewhere south. The problem was that they did not know which one was closer.

Eventually, she decisively turned south. 

Her choice was very simple, and had nothing to do with distance. She chose the Lake of Tears simply because they would have to follow along the canyon to reach it... which meant that they would most likely not have to cross other canyons on the way.

With Tamar incapacitated, crossing even one could become an insurmountable obstacle - not even taking into account that they might end up being pursued by an Awakened Tyrant. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. Wasting time was a luxury they did not have.

So, really, the Lake of Tears was not the best choice. It was simply the only choice.

Gritting her teeth, Rain strained her tired body and pulled the heavy stretcher south.

At that moment, she was thankful for the cloudy sky and the cold dribble. Even though her face and hair were already damp, the dust covering the stony plain had turned to mud. Because of that, it was easier to drag the stretcher across it.

She was still struggling, though.

'I'll need to come up with a better way.'

Somewhere behind them, there were more sounds of rocks falling deep in the canyon. The Tyrant was already close to crawling out of the darkness.

Rain hurried her steps.




***
Chapter 1820: Waiting for Rain


***






In the end, her worst expectations had not come true.

But it was very close.

The Tyrant had not happened to be there by coincidence. It was, in fact, following their scent. Rain saw from afar as its ugly shape rose from the canyon, pulling itself onto the stone with a dozen monstrous hands. The creature looked like a hideous giant that was on the verge of toppling under the weight of its bulging hump.

However, it wasn't really a hunchback. Instead, the mound on its back was simply there to allow for countless arms to protrude forward, all ending with terrifying claws.

The most eerie part was that the abomination looked vaguely human-like, as if it had been a person once. If it had, then it must have been eons ago.

After climbing out of the canyon, the Tyrant spent some time wandering near the edge, its oversized head low to the ground. Dragging Tamar away with all her might, Rain couldn't help but glance back, into the distance, from time to time.

She couldn't understand what the Tyrant was doing.

But when it wandered to the ruins, spent some time there, then stumbled south, she realized something.

The abomination was sniffing for their scent.

That would mean that they were done for... only it didn't. Because there was one detall playing to their advantage.

The Tyrant was blind.

Rain herself had blinded it, putting two arrows through its eyes. So, even though the creature seemed hellbent on following them, it couldn't simply rush in their direction. It had to follow their scent laboriously, stumbling across rough terrain as it forged a path forward.

Its hatred seemed to be truly boundless, though, because even after a few hours, the ghastly figure could still be seen far in the distance, wandering the plain in search of them. They couldn't lose it.

'Curses...'

Rain was slowly increasing the distance between them and the tyrant. Her arms were on fire, as if her muscles would melt at any moment. Her breathing had turned hoarse, and she felt like she was drowning. It took all of her resolve and determination to keep pushing forward, dragging the makeshift stretcher behind her.

Just a few hours had passed, and she was already in such a sorry state, So, despite the fact that the distance was increasing, Rain did not feel at ease.

That was because she knew that she wouldn't be able to keep this pace up indefinitely. More than that, once the night fell, they would have to stop.

She would need to rest. Tamar was not doing too well, either with her injuries, what she needed was to remain still and recuperate, not be jolted painfully every few moments as her stretcher dragged across bumps and creases. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. Her broken legs had to be a cause of constant torment. 

Even if Rain could push through her exhaustion and Tamar could endure the rough handling, it was simply too dangerous to travel across the Moonriver Plain at night. Despite the abundance of moonlight, it would still be dark, and the fact that there was a Nightmare Creature pursuing them did not mean that there would be none ahead of them.

'Bad, bad. It's bad!'

Unlike them, the Tyrant did not need to rest. It was not afraid of the darkness, either. So, Rain had to get as far away from him as possible before nightfall, so that they would not be caught until dawn.

What would happen if the abomination did find them?

Sucking in a hoarse breath, Rain glanced at her shadow again.

Her teacher was mercurial and unfathomable, but she was pretty sure that he would not let her die.

What about Tamar, though? Would his benevolence extend to a stranger from a Legacy clan? She wasn't sure.

The lives of the survey team members were also tied to Tamar's life.

So, Rain could not stop.

'I'm going to die...'

It felt like she would die from the strain long before the abomination caught her.

And yet, she persisted.

...By the time the sun disappeared behind the horizon and the three moons rose into the sky, she could barely feel her hands. But she could not see the Tyrant anymore, either.

Rain found a stone mound to shield them from the wind and placed the stretcher down. Then, she simply fell to the ground, breathing heavily.

She was so tired that she couldn't move. Tamar wasn't much better, laying motionlessly on the stretcher. Her face was even paler than before.

The barren land was bathed in moonlight. In the darkness, its harsh desolation looked beautiful and shrouded in mystery. A myriad of bright stars shimmered in the sky, veiled here and there by heavy clouds.

"Rani... are you alive?"

Tamar's voice sounded weak.

Despite everything, Rain couldn't help but chuckle.

"It seems so."

After a while, she asked in a subdued tone:

"Do you think that the Queen's authority extends this far? If we die... will we turn into pilgrims?"

Tamar remained silent for a while, then sald evenly:

"Of course. Otherwise, you would have already fallen Into the First Nightmare."

Rain sighed. She couldn't argue with the truth.

Some time later, she finally mustered enough strength to sit up. Leaning on the cold surface of the stone mound, Rain stared at the sky dejectedly.

She was suffering from thirst even more than she did from physical exhaustion. So, she hoped that rain would come.

‘With a name like mine, can't the heavens be a little merciful?'

A strong enough downpour could wash away their scent, as well.

Deciding to be optimistic, Rain asked Tamar to summon her helmet.

They consumed some of the remaining meat in silence.

Afterwards, the young Legacy looked at her somberly and said in a subdued tone:

"...You can just leave me behind and save yourself, you know."

If Rain wasn't slowed down by the need to drag her wounded companion along, she would have had a much higher chance of escaping from the Tyrant. That much was obvious.

She scratched the back of her head and answered half-heartedly:

"Aren't we heading for the Lake of Tears? That is where your clan's Citadel is located. What am I supposed to say if I show up there alone? Sorry, 1 left your daughter to die because she was too heavy?  I doubt they'll welcome me warmly after that..."

Tamar looked at her silently for a few moments. Unexpectedly, a faint smile eventually appeared on her face.

"...I'm not that heavy."

Rain sighed.

"And I'm not that strong. Now... go to sleep. You need rest. We'll move on at dawn, so there's no time to waste. I'll take the first watch and wake you up at midnight."

Tamar wanted to say something, but just nodded silently in the end. It had been a terribly long day, and she must have been mentally exhausted from dealing with the pain and mental burden. Soon, her eyes closed, and she swiftly fell asleep.

Rain studied the sleeping girl's face for a few minutes, then took a deep breath and stared into the darkness.

Despite the terrible fatigue, despite being tormented by thirst... she still knew what she had to do.

'If you want to get out of here alive, all you need to do is Awaken.’

That was what her teacher had said.

So, Rain sat motionlessly, felt the flow of soul essence within her, and concentrated deeply, making it revolve faster and faster.

After a while...

She felt cold drops falling on her face. A minute later, the rain had turned heavy, shrouded the world with a rustling veil.

Never losing control of her essence, Rain smiled, picked up Tamar's helmet, and crawled out from beneath the overhanging stone ridge.

Placing the helmet on the ground, she allowed the downpour to pelt her freely and continued to force her essence into a raging whirlpool.

Deep within her soul, another grain of sand was being formed.

‘Teacher is always right…’




***
Chapter 1821: A Thousand Steps


***






Despite how tired Rain was, how badly she needed reprieve, she still sat on the ground and circulated her essence. Her body was absolutely motionless, but her soul was like a raging whirlpool.

At the heart of the whirlpool, soul essence was being refined into solid form by the crushing pressure. There were plenty of radiant grains there, already, sparkling like gemstones as they spun and collided. Rain could almost hear the melodious ringing, and feel her soul tremble slightly with each clash.

However, the brilliant gemstones were unable to fuse, yet. There weren't enough of them for that to happen.

She had to create more.

But it was such a slow and arduous process...

Rain was already doing much better than anyone was supposed to. After years of slaying Nightmare Creatures, her essence was especially potent. Her control of it was both forceful and intricate, remarkably precise - at least for someone below the Ascended Rank.

All she needed was time.

Sadly, Rain wasn't sure that she had any time left.

'I'm not fast enough…’

Deeply concerned, she gritted her teeth and concentrated wholly on controlling her essence.

When the moons reached the apogee of the cloudy sky, she allowed the raging whirlpool of her soul to dissipate and slumped, feeling like she was about to pass out from fatigue.  lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m.  Dragging Tamar's conical helmet over with a weak hand, she drank half of the water that had accumulated inside and finally felt alive again.

A little.

Then, Rain woke the young Legacy up and curled on the ground, instantly falling asleep.

In the morning, her entire body felt broken. Rain had told Tamar that they would move on as soon as dawn broke, but in the end, they spent more time under the rock outcropping.

Rain knew that she wouldn't endure another day of dragging the stretcher with her hands, so something had to be done. After thinking for a while, she unsheathed her hunting knife and carefully separated the alloy mesh from the lining of her military jacket.

The alloy wire was very fine, but incredibly durable. She spent a lot of time patiently dismantling the mesh with the help of Tamar's enchanted dagger, then weaving the wires together. In the end, Rain was left with several meters of crude alloy rope.

The young Legacy was observing with an incredulous expression. Her pallor had become a little better, but she still looked terrible.

In fact, both of them did.

Tamar had always maintained a valiant and dashing image, quite in line with her exalted status as the daughter of an old Legacy clan. Rain might not have had the same background, but she still endeavored to look if not refined, then at least decent.

Now, both of them were dirty and wretched.

They were covered in mud from head to toe, with sunken eyes and chapped lips. Their hair was damp and tangled. Their clothes might have had color once, but now they were indistinguishable from the surrounding dirt.

It was a complete disgrace.

Looking at Rain, then at herself, Tamar smiled faintly.

"...Aren't we a sight to behold?"

It was good to see that she still had enough spirit to be humorous in this situation.

Continuing to weave wire rope, Rain smiled, as well.

"Indeed. Aren't we lucky that the Tyrant is blind? At least it won't be offended by our appearance when it eats us,"

Listening to Tamar chuckle in a weak voice, she fashioned one end of the wire rope into a simple harness, then secured the other end to the stretcher, Putting the harness on herself, Rain gave it a cautious tug.

'Much better.'

By then, she could already see the hideous giant far away in the distance. The abomination had not lost track of them despite the heavy rain. It was still following their scent, albeit a little slower.

‘Of course it is.’

"We have to go."

Tamar had seen the Tyrant, as well. Rain noticed that she never looked at it directly, keeping the creature in the periphery of her vision - just like Rain herself had been trained to do by her teacher.

Many Nightmare Creatures could sense when a gaze was directed at them. So, she had been taught to never look at abominations directly when stalking them.

'I guess Legacy training has something in common with mine.'

She wondered who had it tougher, and decided that it was probably her.

Helping Tamar onto the stretcher, Rain took a step forward. The wire rope dug into her skin, but it was much easier to pull the stretcher that way... which was not to say that it was easy,

Rain still struggled against the heavy weight.

She sighed quietly and gritted her teeth.

Hooking his fingers under the wire rope to spare her chest and abdomen from being cut by it, she leaned her body forward and pulled. Rain was like a beast of burden, and the stretcher was like a strange mud sled.

She was curious to see how long she would endure.

Step, step. Another step.

A thousand steps.

More...

The world narrowed down to a patch of drying mud in front of her, the feeling of the wire rope cutting into her shoulder, and the depleting struggle to pull the stretcher forward.

The air flowed into her lungs as she breathed hoarsely.

For a while, her mind was empty of thought, full of only the harsh sensation of physical strain.

Rain was doing fine for an hour or two, but then, a sense of deep, suffocating exhaustion slowly seeped into her muscles, filling her body with lead. The horizon seemed as distant as it had been before, and the barren wasteland was unchanged. She felt like she had made no progress at all, and therefore, her silent torment felt endless.

The lumbering silhouette of the blind Tyrant was still following them, far behind, prowling low to the ground.

Rain pushed forward stubbornly.

But at the same time...

A cold realization sent chills running down her spine.

'It's hopeless.'

She wasn't one to give up without a fight, but she also knew better than to fight a hopeless battle.

And this desperate struggle of hers was already lost.

Rain might be able to stay ahead of the Tyrant for a while - maybe for a day, or even a few. But sooner or later, the abuse she was putting her body through would take its toll. At some point, she wouldn't be able to keep the pace anymore. Then, she wouldn't be able to take another step, or even rise from the ground.

That was if nothing else killed her before that happened.

So, all she could do... was keep walking forward and pray that some miracle would save them. Maybe, if she bought enough time, they would stumble on a passing Saint who happened to be traversing the Moonriver Plain by chance. Maybe another abomination would get into a fight with Tyrant, dealing it a grievous wound. Maybe... maybe...

They would get lucky.

But Rain was not willing to entrust her life to dumb luck.

She had to think of something.

She continued to pull the stretcher across the mud, slowly forcing her mind to wake up from the numb slumber.

There had to be a way out. There always was.

After a dozen more steps... or maybe a thousand...

Rain's dark eyes suddenly glistened with ferocious determination.




***
Chapter 1822: Miraculous Feat


***






Actually, Rain already knew what miracle could save her. It wasn't a miracle that could happen to her, but rather a miracle she could make happen.

It was her Awakening.

Just like her teacher had said, it was the only solution to this lethal predicament.

The problem was that the formation of her soul core was far away, while the Tyrant was too close. The abomination was not drawing closer yet, but it would soon.

If Rain could rest with no distraction and concentrate on meditating steadily, there would have been hope of Awakening before the hideous giant caught its prey. But she had to escape from it, dragging Tamar across the wasteland, from dusk till dawn.

She had to rest at night to recover at least some of her strength, so there were only a few short hours for her to circulate her essence while keeping watch.

Those hours were woefully insufficient for the task at hand.

But actually...

Wasn't she looking at it all wrong?

Rain remembered the previous night. The cool sensation of water droplets falling on her face, the joy she felt. Back then, she was circulating her essence. She took Tamar's helmet and moved it from below the overhanging stone ridge to catch the rain, hoping to quench her unbearable thirst.

Which proved something vital.

It was that she could move and control her essence at the same time. As long as her concentration wasn't broken, Rain could do whatever she wanted while forming her core.

Of course, it wasn't easy to keep her essence under control when doing something else. It was already hard enough to maintain the raging whirlpool while in a state of perfect peace, not to mention extremely tiring.

And yet, if she could circulate her essence while traversing the wasteland, then she wouldn't just have a few pitiful hours at night to form her core. Instead, she could keep forming it constantly, for as long as her mental fortitude allowed it.

Rain felt a strange compulsion to laugh and cry at the same time.

'Of course... of course! Why not?'

She was already doing something unprecedented by trying to Awaken without the help of the Nightmare Spell. As far as Rain knew, no other human of the waking world had ever done that.

And yet, she didn't just have to perform that miraculous feat, but also do it while being pursued by an Awakened Tyrant and dying from physical exertion. Lost in the wild reaches of the Dream Realm with no help, hope, or support.

It wasn't fair at all.

But it also made sense, in a strange kind of way. After all, making history was not supposed to be easy.

‘I can do it... I must do it. I have no choice but to do it.'

Rain gritted her teeth.

And then, ignoring her terrible fatigue and suffocating strain, she reached into her soul and tried to move her essence.

The heavy mental and spiritual burden was instantly added to the crushing hardship of pushing her tired body forward.

As soon as she took the next step and felt the wire rope cut into her skin painfully, her concentration was destroyed, and she lost control of her essence.

Rain took a laborious breath, gripped the rope tighter, and tried again.

This time, she managed to keep hold of her essence, but lost control of her abdominal muscles, allowing them to relax. She instantly lost balance, stumbled, and sprawled in the mud.

"Ah..."

Tamar subdued voice resounded from behind, tinged with concern:

"Rani, are you alright?”

Rain exhaled slowly, then pushed herself off the ground and wiped the mud off her face.

Well, with how dirty her gloves were, she might have just added more mud to it.

"I'm... fine."

Pulling up the alloy harness, she gripped it again and pulled the stretcher forward.

She did not make the same mistake the second time.

It was terribly difficult, and ruthlessly hard. But after a while, she managed to take several steps without losing control of her essence.

Then, a dozen steps.

Then, a hundred.

And finally, Rain forced herself to keep walking and circulating her essence at the same time. Her vision had turned blurry, and her mind felt as if it would collapse from strain.

But it did not.

Her body did not crumble, either.

So, she kept walking.

After a while, her hearing seemed to have turned incredibly sharp, She heard the makeshift stretcher scraping against rocks. She also heard the melodious ringing of crystals of essence colliding with each other, She could almost hear the roar of the radiant whirlpool as it revolved within her soul.

Eventually - she did not know how much time had passed - she thought that she could feel her essence with incredible clarity, like she had never felt it before. The sensation of it flowing through her, within her, was almost physical.

And so, it was almost as if her body and soul became one, indistinguishable from each other.

When that happened, she pushed her essence harder, making it revolve even faster. The pressure at the heart of the whirlpool increased, and the speed with which the next grain was being formed increased as well.

Much more importantly... 

Rain wasn't limited to meditating a few hours a day anymore. She could keep the process of core formation at all times - while she walked, while she talked, while she rested her weary body on the ground.  lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. As long as her will held, she did not have to stop.

The question was...

What would take longer? For her will to shatter, or for her soul core to be formed?

Rain was going to find the answer, whether she wanted to or not.

***

As night fell, so did she.

Rain collapsed on the ground, unmoving. This time, she remained motionless for far longer than yesterday.

It felt like her body had shut down.

She had never been so utterly beaten before, or exhausted so terribly.

And yet, she still continued to control her essence, never letting its current stop or slow down.

After a while, Tamar awkwardly crawled over to check on her. The Legacy girl helped Rain turn over, supported her to sit up, and shoved a strip of meat into her hands.

"Eat."

Rain smiled weakly and forced herself to take a bite.

The Tyrant had fallen behind in the latter half of the day. Her speed had been greater with the harness, and she had covered much more distance. It was still nowhere near enough to escape the pursuit, but at least they would survive another night.

Probably.

They even had some water left.

After quenching her thirst and consuming enough meat to refuel her depleted body, Rain sprawled on the ground and sighed.

"Ah. I'm going to be terribly skinny by the end of it."

Tamar stared at her with an incredulous expression.

"That's what you're concerned about?"

Rain considered laughing, but found the thought too tiring. In the end, she said:

"Why, of course. I want the Tyrant to be left hungry after it gobbles me up. Skin and bones, that sort of thing..."

The young Legacy remained silent for a few moments, then sighed.

"You have a very morbid sense of humor, don't you, Rani?"

Laying on the ground, Rain grinned.

"What can I say? If you live with wolves, you'll howl like a wolf. Someone has been a bad influence on me."

After a while, she added:

"...I'm sure I'm pretty delicious, though."

Tamar had her usual stoic expression on, but at that moment, it cracked a little.

Looking away, she suppressed a chuckle, and said in a serious tone:

"I'm sure you are."

As she did, Rain felt another radiant crystal being formed deep within her soul.

The melodious ringing was growing louder, and more frequent.




***
Chapter 1823: Mud


***






A desolate plain stretched as far as the eye could see under the cloudy sky. The horizon was shrouded by a rustling veil of cold rain, and the ground had turned into an endless expanse of mud.

A canyon cut the plain like a deep scar, resounding with eerie weeping sounds. It would turn into a raging river soon, but for now, the vertical slopes were drowning in nothing but darkness.

A young woman was moving across the plain, pulling a makeshift sled behind her. . . although, it would have been hard to recognize her as a human from first sight. Covered in mud from head to toe, she looked like a gaunt golem made from clay. The mud stuck to her skin and clothes, making the woman look like a part of the barren wasteland that had somehow come alive.

Her face and hair were covered in layers of dirt, as well. Only her dark, sunken eyes could be seen, burning with fierce determination.

. . . In the end, Rain had lasted more than a day. In fact, she had lasted for six, enduring the inhuman strain and crushing exertion of their desperate flight against all odds.

She had reached her breaking point a long time ago. But, somehow, she managed to keep going even after becoming broken. Later, she faced some other, much deeper limit. . . Rain wasn't sure what it was, and couldn't clearly remember. All she knew was that she was still standing.

That was all that mattered.

The original stretcher had long fallen apart. The enchanted cloak was fine, of course, but the wooden frame had cracked and shattered. Rain had kept repairing it as best she could, but at some point, she could only discard the broken branches and replace them.

She built the new frame from the bones of the

Nightmares Creatures that had attacked them in the dead of night.

The melodious ringing of essence crystals colliding with each other in the depths of her soul was almost deafening now, filling her ears. Her vision had grown vague and narrow. Most of her consciousness was consumed by the sensation of soul essence spinning in a raging whirlpool, permeating every cell of her body.  lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m.  The rest was filled with exhaustion and pain. 

Step. Step. Another step.

The further south they went, the more bleak the weather became. Chilling rain poured from the grey sky more and more frequently, and grew more and more forceful. She didn't mind. Not only did it mean that they would not suffer from thirst, but pulling the stretcher through the mud was easier than it would have been if the soil was dry.

Of course, it was a perilous exchange. Rain would have probably been dead if not for her military bodysuit — being wet meant losing heat, and heat was energy. With how much she was exerting herself, energy was a precious resource that she dared not waste.

Her body had already started consuming itself, so it was a dire commodity.

Tamar, meanwhile, was not faring much better.

She did not have to exhaust herself physically, and her wounds were healing. But new ones were added to the old ones after that nighttime attack.

The young Legacy had lost a lot of blood, and although they slaughtered the abominations in the end, it was not without a cost.

Rain was concerned about the younger girl.

They did not have a lot of chances to get to know each other better in the past six days — most of their time was taken by the endless, exhausting march, and when they rested at night, both were too tired to talk.

And yet, Rain felt like an invisible bond had formed between them. How could it not, after they had gone through so much hardship together? The muddy plain, the weeping sky, the burning desire to survive. . . no one else would know or remember these trials, but they would.

There was a sound that suddenly distracted her.

She could barely hear it behind the rustle of rain, the roar of the water rushing through the canyon, the melody of her soul essence, and the silence of her numb thoughts.

“ni! Rani! Ra. . . "

She flinched and came to her senses. In the next moment, she saw several swift silhouettes rushing at them through the rain.

Nightmare Creatures.

‘Curse them. . . ’

Without wasting any time, Rain fell on the ground.

Behind her, Tamar was already sitting up on the stretcher. She was holding a bow in one hand, nocking an arrow on its string with the other.

While Rain was feverishly untangling herself from the alloy harness, the young Legacy let the arrow loose. It streaked through the pouring rain and hit one of the abominations in the shoulder. Despite her weakened state, Tamar still managed to maintain admirable accuracy — however, it wasn't quite enough. The creature stumbled and rolled on the ground, but then rose again and continued sprinting.

Although it had received a deep wound, none of its vital organs were destroyed.

‘Damn it.’

There were three abominations, each the size of a wolf. From the looks of it, they were merely

Awakened. . . in fact, the two of them had been lucky to not encounter a Fallen Nightmare

Creature yet. Still, an Awakened abomination was absolutely deadly. Especially in a situation like this one, when the initiative was on their side.

‘…So tired. ’

Rain remained laying on the ground for a few moments, then rose to her knees and unsheathed her hunting knife. She gripped the hilt of the enchanted dagger with her other hand and rose, holding both blades in a defensive stance.

By that time, Tamar had already sent another arrow flying, finally bringing the wounded abomination down. Her face was pale, and the ugly wound that stretched across her shoulder and chest had opened, seeping with blood. The strain of drawing a powerful enchanted bow was too much for her to endure.

And yet, she was already pulling the string for the third time.

The Nightmare Creatures were almost upon them.

Both lunged forward in a flash of claws, fangs, and frenzied eyes.

Just then, Tamar's arrow hit one in the head, killing it instantly.

The other jumped on Rain. She dove under its claws and thrust both of her blades forward. The hunting knife barely penetrated the tough hide of the abomination and slid from her grasp, but the long dagger sunk into its flesh to the hilt.

The creature fell on Rain and sent her crushing to the ground. She just barely managed to push the abominable beast, sending it flying over her head.

They fell simultaneously.

‘It hurts.’

Rain fell on her back, but spun and rose to her knees almost immediately. Dashing torward the struggling abomination, she pinned it to the ground with the weight of her body and stabbed it repeatedly. Her strikes were aimed at all the spots where vital organs should have been.

A while later, the beast stopped moving.

Rain crawled off its corpse weakly and sprawled in the mud.

After that violent burst of strength, she felt like she would never be able to stand up.

And yet. . . throughout all of it, the melodious ringing never grew silent. Even while being lunged at by a snarling abomination, wrestling it to the ground, and sinking her blade into its flesh, Rain had never stopped circulating her essence.

Somewhere deep within her, another radiant grain of sand was formed.

She smiled tiredly.

‘Soon. . . Soon. . . ’

Drops of rain were falling heavily on her burning face.




***
Chapter 1824: After Me Comes the Flood


***






The Tyrant was still behind them, its towering figure moving slowly in the distance.

Rain reminded herself that they could not waste any time. And yet, she had no strength left to rise.

However, that was alright.

She had felt the same way the previous time she fell, and the time before that, and the time before that...

Letting out a quiet groan, Rain sat up, then slowly staggered to her feet. Walking over to where she had dropped the hunting knife, she picked it up and sheathed her blades. The crude sheath she had made for the enchanted dagger was coming undone, sliced by its sharp blade. . . but it would hold for a day or two, which was more than she could ask for.

Finally, she looked at Tamar.

"How. . . how are you doing? "

The young Legacy was laying down on the stretcher, breathing heavily. Her breathing did not sound good.

"I'm alright. I heal fast. The bleeding is already stopping. ”

Rain nodded.

Even if the bleeding did not stop, there was little she could do. All she could do was trust in Tamar's incredible resilience.

Walking over to where the alloy harness lay in the mud, Rain glanced at the corpses of the three

Nightmare Creatures. Usually, she would have harvested meat and soul shards from them, but the Tyrant was too close.

There was no time.

‘I just need to hold on until nightfall. Then. . . then, I can rest.’

She put the harness on and pulled the stretcher.

She just had to keep walking.

And keep her essence flowing.

Life had been complicated, but now, it was very simple. The scope of her existence was narrowed down to these two things.

She dragged Tamar away from the dead abominations,

They continued their gruesome journey.

As Rain walked, she could feel her soul changing subtly. There were countless radiant crystals at the heart of the whirlpool now, all being pressed together by the crushing pressure.

She could feel the pressure growing.

As it did, the rain was becoming more violent, as well. It slowly grew from a constant downpour to a pelting deluge, as if the sky was slowly splitting open.

The weather was strange. Tamar had mentioned once that it did not rain that often, or that much, in the southern reaches of the Moonriver Plain. . . her ancestral Citadel was somewhere nearby, so she would know.

It seemed that the world was either helping them or trying to kill them. Rain wasn't sure which, and didn't care to find out.

All she cared about was making it to nightfall alive.

And in the end, she did.

However, to her despair, the long-awaited reprieve did not come.

Usually, she was able to create some distance between them and the Tyrant by the time darkness fell. The abominable giant would lumber in the distance in the first half of the day, then slowly disappear beyond the horizon in the latter part.

However, this time, she could still see its silhouette, following them from far away.

Perhaps she had grown so weak that she couldn't maintain sufficient speed anymore, or perhaps the

Tyrant was slowly adapting to being blind. It was even possible that its eyes were gradually regenerating. . . Awakened abominations possessed stunning vitality, after all, just like Awakened humans did.

What seemed impossible for a mundane person was nothing special to them.

In any case, the giant was too close.

Soon, darkness enveloped the world. The three moons and the sea of stars were hidden behind the clouds, so it was even more oppressive than before. The rain fell in a constant stream, reducing the visibility even further.

Rain lowered herself to the ground, kneeling in the mud.

"Are we stopping? "

Tamar couldn't hide the grim feeling of dread from her voice.

Rain slowly shook her head.

"We can't stop. Not tonight. "

The Tyrant was too close, so they had to keep going.

She took a deep breath, feeling cold air cut her tortured lungs.

“Summon a luminous Memory. “

They had avoided using one before, afraid that light would attract uninvited guests, but there wasn't much choice now.

Soon, a wave of stark light flowed from behind her, illuminating a narrow circle around them. The streams of water falling from the sky seemed to ignite with that light, glistening like precious gems. It was pretty. Rain sighed.  lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. Then, she rose from the ground and continued walking.

South, south. . .

How far south had they gone, already? 

When would they reach their goal?

It did not matter.

Rain continued to walk, arduously pulling the heavy stretcher behind her. She continued to spin her essence and listened to the tremors running through her soul.

She had reached a state of being beyond exhausted.

And yet. . . the worst part was that she couldn't see the Tyrant anymore.

It could have been far away, or only a few hundred meters behind them. It could have even been reaching for them with its countless hands, already.

‘I need to keep going’

And so she did.

Slowly, all thoughts disappeared from her head.

All that was left was the ringing of her soul, which was slowly growing louder and louder.

Rain did not notice that the pelting rain was becoming heavier and heavier, as well. A powerful wind rose, sending water flying almost parallel to the ground. Soon, a blinding flash illuminated the world, and a deafening thunderclap shook the heavens.

The rain was turning into a furious storm.

She smiled, feeling the streams of cold water wash the mud off her sunken face.

Her smile was a little scary.

Eventually, the lightning grew so frequent that there were almost no breaks between its flashes.

The thunderclaps had fused into a continuous litany of deafening roars. If it had seemed as if the sky was splitting open before, then it was collapsing entirely now.

A vast and prodigious storm had descended upon the Moonriver Plain.

And yet, Rain wasn't aware.

She could only think about walking forward, one step at a time.

But then. . .

She couldn't walk forward anymore.

Not because her strength had abandoned her, but because there was nowhere for her to go.

Rain stopped, barely noticing that there was no ground in front of her.

There was no mud, no stone outcroppings.

Instead, she was standing in front of an abyssal drop.

She frowned.

‘Have I. . . have I lost direction and swayed toward the canyon? ’

But that was not it.

Slowly, she grew cognizant of her surroundings.

The thundering storm, the blinding flashes of lightning, the impenetrable darkness. . . and a deep, reverberating hum that seemed to penetrate her very bones, resounding from somewhere below.

Rain looked into the abyss and staggered.

She might have fallen over the edge if not for the harness that attached her to Tamar's stretcher.

The young Legacy called from behind, struggling to make her voice heard over the storm:

"Rani. . . Rani, is it. . . ”

In front of them, the Moonriver Plain came to an end.

The great plateau ceased abruptly, creating a vast and head-spinning wall of stone that stretched from east to west, as far as the eye could see.

Countless canyons merged or opened into the vertical abyss, most of them expelling enormous jets of foaming water.

The streams of water merged and plummeted down, creating an unimaginable, endless waterfall.

It was as if the world was crying.

'… The Weeping Goddess. ’

They had reached the great waterfall that served as the boundary of the Moonriver Plain.

The Lake of Tears was somewhere far below. The city governed by Clan Sorrow was situated on its shore, and their Citadel was somewhere close, cut into the cliffs.

Rain's eyes widened.

Not from joy, but from horror. ‘We're. . . we're dead:

Turning around, she waited for lightning to illuminate the world and saw the dreadful shape of the Tyrant.

The abomination was not too far away.

There was no time to come up with a way to descend to the bottom of the towering cliffs, There was no time to explore the edge of the plateau, searching for the Citadel of Clan Sorrow.

The goal of their ghastly journey, which had been supposed to be their salvation, was nothing but a death sentence now.

Because the Tyrant was too close, pursuing them. . .

And they had nowhere else to run.




***
Chapter 1825: Edge of the Abyss


***






The storm shrouded everything in impenetrable darkness. The roaring thunderclaps reverberated across the plain, and a deluge of water was falling from the sky, as if the heavenly floodgates had shattered under the immense pressure, dooming the world to be drowned.

Frequent bolts of lightning tore apart the darkness, replacing it with blinding light. And somewhere below, the tidal hum of the colossal waterfall was fusing with the raging song of the furious storm.

Rain stood at the edge of the abyss, looking at the black sky with a resentful expression.

Behind her, Tamar was looking back, at the hideous shape of the pursuing Tyrant.

There was nowhere for them to run.

"Rani! The Tyrant... "

Rain looked at the sky, and then took a deep breath.

Then, surrounded by the raging storm, she sat on the ground at the edge of the abyss. Crossing her legs, she placed her hands on her knees, and closed her eyes.

In a flash of lightning, her tranquil figure looked incredibly out of place.

She exhaled slowly.

‘Focus. ’

Rain concentrated on her soul. A radiant river was flowing within her, forming a furious whirlpool. At its heart, beautiful crystals of essence were being tempered by the crushing pressure.

The melodious song of her soul was louder than the storm, and much more compelling.

She couldn't hear Tamar anymore.

‘Form. Clash. Awaken:

Nothing else mattered.

Behind her, Tamar looked at her mundane companion in despair. Noticing that Rani was sitting on the edge of the abyss, unmoving, she was stunned for a moment. Then, a look of guilt and shame twisted her beautiful face.

She assumed that the older girl had completely exhausted her strength, both physical and mental.

It was already an incredibly valiant feat, to have persisted for so long without collapsing. Rani possessed enough willpower and conviction — or maybe stubbornness — to put most Awakened to shame.

But everyone had a limit.

"Rani... "

Tamar gritted her teeth.

Despite the terrible flood pouring from the shattered sky, the Tyrant never seemed to lose their scent. It moved slowly, keeping its head low to the ground. Countless hands were supporting its weight, sinking deep into the mud.

Rain was fully focused on her soul. Now that she did not have to walk or pull the heavy stretcher, the measure of control she could exert over her essence had increased. The radiant whirlpool spun even faster, and the pressure at the heart of it had increased even further.

There were countless crystals of solid essence there, by now, each no larger than a grain of sand.

They collided against each other chaotically, making her entire soul tremble. That trembling used to happen rarely, but now, there was no stop to it. It was as if Rain's soul was in the middle of an earthquake.

But it was not enough. Still, it wasn't...

‘Fuse! ’

Rain did not know whether her mental cry was a command, a request, or a desperate prayer. It was simply her will, expressed in a single world.

And just at that moment, either by coincidence or responding to her cry...

Two of the radiant gemstones collided. However, this time, they were not repelled by each other.

Instead, both cracked, and then...

Merged. 

A sense of indescribable jubilation drowned her heart.

‘Finally... ’

After the first pair, it was as if an invisible catalyst had been added to her soul, starting a chain reaction. More and more of the tiny essence crystals became covered by a net of fine cracks, and then seamlessly fused with each other. Then, the larger gemstones consumed the smaller ones, or merged with those of the same size.

The process was incredibly violent, resembling the catastrophic ignition of a thermonuclear bomb.

The merging of the essence crystals reminded Rain of nuclear fusion... the wondrous process that kept the distant stars burning in the cold, empty sky.

And it was indeed as if a star was being born at the center of her soul.

There was blinding light produced by the fusing gemstones. There was heat, as well. The very heart of her soul had turned into an incandescent, luminous sea, and she couldn't sense individual crystals anymore.

The whirlpool of essence was being slowly absorbed into that radiant sea.

‘... The soul core is forming’

Indeed, hidden in the sea of light, a soul core was being built within her soul. And that nascent core... was like a bridge between her soul and her flesh.

Rain felt as though a miniature star was burning in the center of her chest: waves of heat were radiating from it, slowly reaching her empty stomach and lacerated shoulders, then her tortured arms and legs, then her aching hands and feet.

Under that heat, her bones, muscles, organs and blood vessels were being rebuilt and revitalized.

She was being reborn. She was becoming stronger, faster, healthier...

It was euphoric.

With each second, his transformation was becoming more profound.

After some time had passed, the star burning in his chest finally cooled down. The luminous sea dimmed, and from it...

A radiant sphere was revealed, shining beautifully upon Rain's soul.

The heat was replaced with a soothing coldness.

That coldness washed over her body, taking away all the aches and discomforts that had been accumulated there over the past six days. Then it moved up, reaching her mind and soothing it.

She slowly opened her eyes.

‘Is this... what it means to be Awakened? "

Rain felt... powerful. Her body was suffused with ferocious strength, startling endurance, and boundless vitality. Her senses were sharper. Even her mind seemed to have become more profound, somehow.

Soul essence flowed freely through her body, seeping into her bones and muscles. It felt richer and more responsive... almost palpable.

The soul core was at the heart of it all, serving as the bridge between tangible and intangible.

A tired smile appeared on Rain's face.

‘I did it! ’

Lost in the depths of a furious storm, sitting on the edge of a bottomless abyss, surrounded by darkness, and pursued by a harrowing abomination...

The first human of the waking world had just Awakened without taking upon the curse of the Nightmare Spell.




***
Chapter 1826: Coming Storm


***






While Rain was in the middle of her Awakening.

Tamar was struggling not to drown. Streams of water were pouring from the sky, mixing with mud... laying powerlessly on the stretcher, she felt weak and spent.

The situation seemed to be hopeless. 

Not only would he die, but Rani, who had refused to abandon her and strived so stubbornly to save them, would be killed, too.

Looking at the furious black sky, Tamar wanted to give up.

But she couldn't.

“Ah…”

A long sight escaped from her lips.

Then, a whirlwind of sparks surrounded her, forming into a beautiful spear.

Tamar gritted her teeth, then rose to her feet, using the spear as a crutch.

Immediately, severe pain pierced her fragile legs.

It had been six or seven days since they were broken. The bones had healed, somewhat, but even for an awakening, that was not nearly enough time to recover. She was probably undoing all that healing... but, still.

Tamar refused to die lying down.

Better yet, she didn’t want to die at all. She was also indignant at the thought of Rani dying because of her.

So, she had a hard decision to make.

‘I have to summon the Echo.’

The monstrous wolf was protecting the survey team, and she was unwilling to compromise their safety. However, at this point, there was no sense in keeping the Echo with them.

That was because it would disappear if Tamar died, leaving the survey team similarly defenseless.

The problem was...

That there was no way to guarantee that summoning the Echo would save them. It was an Ascended Monster — a protector gifted to her by her clan. An Ascended Monster was a powerful creature, but it was not a given that it would be able to defeat an Awakened Tyrant.

Especially this Tyrant in particular, who seemed both ancient and exceedingly powerful.

The wolf wouldn't be able to carry them away, either, because the Tyrant was too close, and the Echo would instantly attract its attention.

So... in order to increase their chances, Tamar would have to assist the Echo in fighthing the

Tyrant herself. She could still draw her bow, even if doing so would make her wounds open.

‘I’ll... I'll summon it, then.’

And yet, she hesitated.

Watching the Tyrant slowly draw closer, Tamar waited for something. Maybe something would happen... some miracle that would lead the hideous giant away. Maybe a bolt of lightning would descend from the sky and burn it.

Maybe she wouldn't need to fail her friends and mission, after all.

But nothing happened.

The Tyrant was already too close. It was still following their scent. A miracle did not descent, and their fates were still sealed.

Tamar took a deep breath and prepared to dismiss the Echo... But just before she did, a hand suddenly landed on her shoulder.

Tamar flinched and looked back.

Rani was standing there, looking at her calmly.

Constant flashes of lightning were reflecting in her striking black eyes, making it seem as though they were illuminated by inner light.

The mundane girl... looked different, somehow.

Tamar couldn't tell what about her had changed, exactly, in the lightning-infused darkness.

Rani smiled.

"It's alright. I'll take care of it now.”

She paused for a moment, and then added calmly:

“Summon that sword of yours. ”

Tamar looked at her in confusion, failing to understand what was happening. Her reason told her that Rani must have lost her mind, and that there was no point in listening to her ramblings.

But, somehow, Tamar did not believe it. She felt a strange compulsion to be unreasonable and believe in her companion.

And, after a long pause... she did.

Instead of dismissing the Echo and summoning it here, she summoned her brutish zweihander and offered it to Rani.

Rani took it with a thankful nod.

She could barely lift it before. But now, she was holding it easily, as if her strength was suddenly in no way inferior to Tamar's own.

Patting Tamar on the shoulder reassuringly, Rani turned and walked away from the edge.

She was heading toward the approaching Tyrant.

***

Rain walked through the storm, carrying the heavy greatsword easily. Sadly, she had not had a lot of time to bask in the ecstasy of having Awakened — they were still in mortal danger. The Tyrant was still drawing closer.

And she had to kill it... Which was a tall task.

Even now that Rain was an Awakened, the Tyrant posed a lethal threat to her. After all, most Awakened did not fight such powerful creatures alone... her case was especially precarious, because she was a singular existence.

Not only had she Awakened mere minutes ago, but she also did not possess an Aspect yet. Unlike the carriers of the Nightmare Spell, those who Awakened naturally, like her, had to spend time slowly discovering their Aspect and Flaw.

Before that happened, she would not have powerful Aspect Abilities to assist her in battle.

All she had was her enhanced physical prowess, cunning, and Tamar's sword.

Now, she would see if that was enough.

Reaching a certain point, directly in the path of the approaching Tyrant, Rain lowered the zweihander to the ground, assumed a stance... and froze.

She had thought a lot about how to kill that damned Tyrant.

Actually, it wasn't that hard to achieve.

The creature did not possess an impenetrable carapace or thick fur to stop her blade. Its defense was mostly in the form of overwhelming offense — the forest of arms were its minions, so damaging or destroying them would not harm the abomination. One had to reach its body to deliver a fatal wound, but to do that, they had to fight their way through the avalanche of monstrous hands.

Which was close to impossible for someone like her.

However...

The Tyrant was blind now.

So, that was what Rain decided to gamble her life on.

Standing motionlessly in the path of the abomination, she did not make a single sound. In fact, she even held her breath and forced her heartbeat to slow down — in the middle of the roaring storm, the creature would not hear it.

At least that was Rain's hope.

As she watched the hideous Nightmare Creature approach, all her instincts were screaming for her to turn away and run. However, she did not move at all.

Soon, the Tyrant drew so close that she could discern every ghastly detail of its gaunt body, flooded by the light of the flashing bolts of lightning.

The creature was coming right at her... But it was not aware that its prey was so close, yet.

Soon, a monstrous hand landed in the mud directly to Rain's right.

Then, another landed in the mud to her left.

The abomination dragged itself closer.

Its appalling, oversized head was now almost above her, the enormous maw close enough to swallow her whole in an instant.

Rain smiled darkly.

‘Got you.’

Instead of fighting her way through the forest of hands, she had allowed the blind Tyrant to bring itself to her.

She finally moved.

As soon as she did, the Tyrant's head jerked, turning toward her.

But it was already too late. 

The zweihander exploded forward, slicing through the mud and rising in an upward arc. Rain pulled with one hand and pushed with the other, using its long handle as a lever. Her Awakened strength was great enough to make the blade of the greatsword turn into a blur.

A split second later...

The zweihander struck the Tyrant's chin. Its sharp blade carried enough force and momentum to slice its jaw in half, sever its tongue, break through the fragile bones of the nasal cavity, cut cleanly through its brain, and finally escape from its forehead.

In an instant, the abomination's head was split in two halves.

A moment later, Rain was already jumping back.

She easily leaped a dozen meters back, then slid in the mud the same distance.

By then, countless hands were already pummeling the spot where she had stood. If she had been even a little bit slower, she would have been crushed.

But it did not matter.

Because those hands were nothing but minions.

The Tyrant itself... was dead.

Its body swayed heavily, and then collapsed into the mud, a river of blood spilling from its mangled head.

Just like that, the pursuit was over.




***
Chapter 1827: Cleansing


***






Hidden in the shadows, Sunny let out a secretive sight of relief.

The past week had been a terrible ordeal for Rain... but it had not been easy for him, either. 

A long time ago, Sunny had told Rain that he could teach her how to wield a sword, how to traverse the Dream Realm, and how to kill her enemies... but he could not teach her how to be strong. The world was a cold and ruthless place, and his little sister was much too soft to endure its cruelty.

Even now, all these years later, she retained that softness. She had learned how to wield weapons, survive in the wild, and hunt down abominations, but her nature was still the same. Rain had never suffered heartbreaking loss, had never felt the lightless depths of true despair, and had never faced the darkest sides of humanity.

Despite her cool appearance and tough reputation, at her core, she was still the same kind and sweet girl.

Which was a solace to Sunny. He never wanted her to lose that part of herself.

And yet, he couldn't coddle her too much, either. It would only do Rain harm if she learned to rely on him too much.

So, he had laboriously created the persona of Shadow, her mercurial teacher — who was both friendly and caring, but also a little sinister and not completely reliable.

That way, she could still feel a false sense of danger while being protected by him from the shadows, and grow stronger for it.

It would have been fine to let Rain Awakened at her own pace, but the war was too close. So, Sunny had used the chance encounter with the Awakened Tyrant to design a trial for her.

His own version of the First Nightmare.

The irony of how similar it was to his personal Fist Nightmare had not escaped him. A punishing escape through the wild reaches of the Dream Realm, in the company of an Awakened swordsman, pursued by a blind Tyrant...

Of course, there were differences, as well.

And although Rain had never been in real danger due to him observing her from the shadows, she definitely had not felt that way.

Her struggle had been real, her suffering had been real, and her eventual triumph was real.

Sunny, meanwhile, had not struggled himself — all he had done was eliminate any Fallen abominations that could have stumbled onto the two escaping girls and keep an eye on the survey team to make sure that they made it back to the main camp alright.

And yet, he felt completely exhausted.

Watching Rain suffer was not easy for him. He wouldn't go as far as to say that it had been harder than it had been for Rain, but still.

Sunny felt like his heart was bleeding.

And that was saying much, considering how difficult it was for him to bleed!

Similarly, while Rain felt incredible joy and pride at being able to Awakened, his heart was full of emotion, as well.

However, for Sunny... he felt even more.

That was because he could see more, and understood more.

Rain had a deep connection to her soul, for a mundane person, and could control her essence well. But Sunny perceived it on a much deeper level.

That was why he could see a tiny bead of hideous darkness that nestled in her sister's soul. A seed of Corruption... the Nightmare Seed. Every mundane person who had entered the Dream Realm carried one within them, just like those infected by the Nightmare Spell in the waking world did.

Although... Sunny was not entirely sure which came first — the Seed of Nightmare or the infection. Perhaps it was precisely because some people carried hideous darkness within their souls that the Spell chose them.

In any case, the Seed in Rain's soul had not grown in the past four years, and would not bloom into a Category One Nightmare Gate unless certain conditions were met. That was because it was small and miniscule enough to be suppressed by the authority of Queen Song.

As long as Rain remained in the Song Domain, her First Nightmare would never come.

But it would also make her an eternal hostage of a Domain unless she accepted the Spell and challenged the Nightmare.

While the storm was raging and Rain was going through the final stage of her Awakening, Sunny observed her soul in somber silence.

The numerous sparks of light — the crystals of solidified essence — fused under the pressure. A luminous sea ignited at the depths of Rain's soul.

Forged in the heat of that sea, her soul core slowly came to shape.

And at the same time, unnoticed...

The bead of darkness dissolved in the light, destroyed by it.

Sunny had seen a Seed of Corruption bloom in the soul of a Sleeper once. Watching the opposite process take place was both poignant and miraculous.

‘Is that the purpose of the First Nightmare? To push the infected into Awakening, and thus destroy the Seed, preventing Corruption from blooming? ’

Awakening was the first step toward divinity, after all, and divinity was in direct opposition to Corruption. So, it only made sense that coming closer to divinity would render one immune to the weaker manifestation of its enemy.

That was the second way Sunny knew of for a soul to be cleansed of Corruption.

The first way was known to everyone, but very few ever considered it as such.

It was death.

Awakened were used to collecting soul shards from the Nightmare Creatures, but they really questioned why was it that the remnant fragments of corrupted souls were pure and untainted.

What happened at the moment of death that purified them?

Or was it death itself that eliminated the hideous darkness?

Now that Sunny knew more about the world, the Void, and the origin of death, he understood that death was a weapon to destroy Corruption.

And that was what it did. 

He observed the Tyrant's tainted soul collapse and be cleansed, as well. The moment the abomination lost its life, the vile darkness shrouding its soul withered and died.

In the end, only five radiant shards were left.

So, Sunny let out a relieved sigh.

Finally, the ordeal was over.

Rain's grisly trial was finished, and the broader threat to her life was not as pressing anymore, either.

Now that her soul had been cleansed, Sunny would be able to take her out of the Song Domain. He had many more options now.

Of course... it wasn't certain that she would want to leave.

Remaining in the shadows, Sunny glanced at her.

At the moment, Rain was stumbling back to where Tamar was leaning on her spear with a pained expression on her face.

He followed stealthily.

‘This next part... is going to be tricky.’




***
Chapter 1828: Lost and Found


***






Rain made her way back to where Tamar was leaning on the spear, put the sword down, and sprawled tiredly in the mud.

Now that the Tyrant was dead, the rush of power she had felt because of the Awakening receded.

Her body might have been tempered and reforged, but it was still depleted and weary. Her mind, too... she was dead tired.

Some distance away, the abomination's corpse was laying on the ground like a small hill of flesh. The creature was dead, but its minions weren't — the monstrous hands were still moving, searching for the killer in blind fury. Luckily, they remained attached to the Tyrant's corpse, so their reach was limited. Until the corpse decomposed and fell apart, nothing would reach Rain and Tamar.

The movements of the terrible hands were a little panicked. 

Looking at the sky, Rain let out a long sigh.

The storm was slowly dissipating. The wind had already grown weaker, and the rain was not as heavy anymore. The lightning did not strike as often. The roaring thunderclaps were not as loud, as if growing distant.

She could even see gaps in the veil of dark storm clouds.

Unexpectedly, rays of pale sunlight were pouring from through the gaps.

Which meant that it was the seventh day of their journey.

Rain stared at the rays of sunshine with displeasure.

‘How annoying.’

She had hoped that it was still the sixth night, just to avoid the Nightmare Spell's favorite number.

Rain had a mild aversion to the number seven, purely out of obstinance.

Tamar finally let go of her spear and fell back on her stretcher. The younger girl looked at her for a long time, her eyes full of questions.

But in the end, her exhaustion won, and she simply closed them.

Not long after, both Rain and Tamar were asleep, laying next to each other in the mud.

This was the first time in a long while they slept peacefully.

***

By the time Rain woke up, the sky had cleared.

Strangely enough, she didn't feel groggy or exhausted. Her body did not ache all over, either.

Instead, it was brimming with energy and vitality.

The low hum of the Weeping Goddess enveloped the world like a lullaby.

She stared at the clear sky for a few moments in confusion.

‘Oh. Right. I'm an Awakened now.’

Sitting up, Rain glanced in the direction of the dead Tyrant. The forest of arms was still moving, but none of them had escaped the corpse, yet.

That was a relief.

Looking away, she raised her own hands and studied them.

Her skin had become smooth like silk. Her nails were like jade.

Turning her hands, she stared at her palms intently.

Her calluses were gone.

‘Huh.’

Rain blinked a couple of times.

Her hands looked soft and delicate, as if she had never done any hard labor at all.

It was a bit stupid, but she couldn't help letting a small smile creep up on her face.

‘Wait a minute... ’

Rain pulled off her dirty, tattered shirt and unclasped the military bodysuit. Peeling it off to reveal her fair torso, she opened her eyes wide.

The mark left by the blow that the Huntsman had dealt her was gone. A few other scars she had collected in the last few years were nowhere to be seen, either. Her skin was supple and unblemished, nearly flawless.

‘Wow. Ah! ’

While Rain was delighting in the sight of her ladylike body, a hoarse voice resounded from behind her:

"... What are you doing? "

She flinched and hurriedly pulled the bodysuit close, embarrassed at being caught doing something so unserious.

Turning around, she saw Tamar looking at her with a complicated expression.

‘Right.’

Rain smiled sheepishly.

"N—nothing. I was just... good morning, Tamar. “

The young Legacy remained silent for a while, maintaining her usual stern frown. She glanced at the sky, which was already being painted golden and scarlet by the setting sun, but did not comment on how wrong Rain's greeting was.

Eventually, she opened her mouth and asked hesitantly:

"Have you been... an Awakened all along, Rani? ”

Now that the deed had been done, Rain honestly wasn't sure how to deal with the situation. There had been no choice but to act when the Tyrant was about to catch them... but how was she supposed to explain its death to the young Legacy?

She wasn't even done processing what had happened herself.

Rain met Tamar's gaze and shook her head slowly.

"I think you know that I wasn't. If I was, I wouldn't have put myself through all that torment. “

There was hesitation in the younger girl's eyes.

She knew that Rain could not have been an Awakened... and yet, there was no other logical explanation. Reality and reason were clashing in her mind, leaving her in a state of loss and confusion.

After a while, she said stiffly:

"Unless you have some kind of powerful Flaw that limits when and how you can express your power... that is possible... "

Rain wavered for a while, then sighed.

"No. I have no such Flaw. I wasn't hiding my Rank from anyone. ”

Tamar gritted her teeth.

“Then how were you able to wield my sword? How were you able to slay the Tyrant? It doesn't make any sense. It's impossible for a mundane person to do! "

Rain scratched the back of her head, remained silent for a few moments, and then shrugged.

"You are right. A mundane person would not have been able to wield your sword... well, maybe some huge guy... "

Tamar took a deep breath.

"Then how? "

Rain looked at her and smiled easily.

"Isn't it obvious? When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. So... I wasn't Awakened before, but ] am now. “

She raised an arm and flexed her muscles.

"It really feels amazing, by the way! "

The young Legacy stared at her with a stunned expression.

"No... you couldn't have conquered the First Nightmare, there was no time... you couldn't have even challenged it within the Queen's Domain... "

Rain nodded.

"You are right. I did not conquer the First Nightmare. ”

Tamar took a deep breath.

“How could you Awaken, then?"

Now was probably the last chance for Rain to keep her mouth shut.

But really... did she have to?

She had a vague hope that Tamar would not betray her. More than that, she did not think that keeping her achievement secret was the right thing to do.

Since Rain had found a way to Awaken without becoming a carrier of the Nightmare Spell, others would be able to follow her example, as well — perhaps not many, but some.

Which meant that fewer children would have to die while challenging the Nightmare. Like her older brother had.

Many would still choose to accept the Spell, without a doubt, due to all the boons it offered.

But at least they would have a choice.

Conversely...

If she kept her accomplishment hidden, then in the future, the deaths of every unwilling Sleeper would indirectly be her fault.

Rain wasn't sure how or when she wanted to share her knowledge , but she knew that it had to be shared.

So, she gathered her courage and said:

"How did the ancient people of the Dream Realm Awakened? You should know that there was no Nightmare Spell back then. “

Tamar's eyes widened slowly. She reeled back, mumbling softly:

"Before... before the Nightmare Spell... impossible... the knowledge has been lost... "

Rain smiled. 

"Yes, the knowledge has been lost. But now, it has been found. I found it. " ‘With a lot of help from my teacher... “




***
Chapter 1829: A New Way


***






Before the sun set, the minions of the dead Tyrant accepted the death of their ruler. Rain watched with a dark expression as the countless hands stopped moving for a while, and then started to claw at the flesh of the dead abomination. 

The corpse was going to come undone much sooner than she had expected, allowing the monstrous hands to prowl freely. She wanted to be as far away from the swarm of them as possible when that happened. Soon, she was pulling Tamar's stretcher through the mud once again. It had been torturously hard and exhausting before... but now, Rain did not feel any strain at all. It was so easy that the bitterness of her past efforts seemed like a joke.

She was slowly coming to terms with the fact that she had become an Awakened, smiling brightly from time to time.

Tamar was slowly coming to terms with it, too. The young Legacy spoke from the stretcher:

"But... how, exactly, did you do it?"

Rain considered if she should break into a sprint, but then decided against it.

"Well. It is hard to explain with words... the first thing you should know is that natural Awakening works in reversed order from the one induced by the Spell. You must learn how to sense and control your essence first, and form the soul core later." She remembered her early days in Ravenheart. Back then, she had barely known her teacher...

"Your essence has to Awaken first. There are a few ways to make that happen, but the only one I know of is to absorb the essence of Awakened creatures."

Tamar shifted quictly on the stretcher.

"Soul shards used to be extremely precious in the waking world, so very few mundanes ever had a chance to acquire many of them before. The situation is even more dire now... with how many new Awakened and Masters are out there, everyone is striving to saturate their cores."

She paused for a moment, and then added scornfully:

"You must be very rich, Rani, to have acquired so many. For a simple porter."

Rain grinned.

"Who? Me? No, I'm a bit poor... actually, I never once managed to buy a soul shard. I just went out there and hunted down Nightmare Creatures, one at a time. Mostly Dormant, and a few Awakened."

The young Legacy let out a long, exasperated sigh.

"You crazy mundane girl..."

Rain chuckled.

"Well, anyway. Then, you have to learn how to sense and control your essence. That part is the hardest. I don't really know how to describe it, since there are no words in human language to do something like that. Plus... it's a bit of an impossible task, to begin with. How do you describe the sense of balance? How do you describe colors to a blind person? It's like that. Well, you should know I am sure you, Awakened, struggle all the time to explain various things to mundane people. I mean... we, Awakened."

She paused for a few moments, then continued calmly:

"The last part is to form the soul core. That is what I have been doing ever since we've met. The process is rather simple, if a bit tedious. You just need to control your essence and make it flow in a circle, like a whirlpool. If you do it long enough and well enough, your essence will start to solidify. And then, at some point, a chain reaction will start, birthing the core. That is how you become Awakened, and what is what happened to me yesterday."

Tamar remained silent for a while.

Eventually, she asked:

"That doesn't really make sense. You couldn't have learned all of this on your own... someone extraordinary must have guided you. But that is not even the issue. Alright, I'll accept that you are a mundane girl who habitually hunts down Nightmare Creatures. That much is theoretically possible, at least. But it would also mean that you should have stayed comfortably in a well-defended city during the last and most sensitive part of your Awakening. There was no reason for you to work as a laborer in a road construction crew... even without taking into account that such a job would slow down the process of refining a soul core, it is simply beneath someone of your ability."

Rain coughed awkwardly. Now that she had decided to share the truth with Tamar... how much, exactly, was she supposed to share?

She couldn't reveal the identity of her teacher, because that was not her secret to share. As for the rest...

She hesitated for a moment.

"To tell you the truth, I got myself into some trouble in Ravenheart. So, I was advised to disappear from the city for a while."

Tamar scoffed. "I'm not surprised."

She remained silent for a while, then asked in a serious tone:

"One thing that I can't understand, Rani... is why you have decided to share your secret with me."

Rain stopped and turned around, looking at the young Legacy with a hint of dark amusement in her eyes.

"Well, the cat was out of the bag after I killed that Tyrant. So, I had two choices... either tell you the truth or toss you over the edge of the waterfall. Although... I might still choose the latter..."

She stared at Tamar for a moment, then turned around and exploded with laughter.

"Gods, the expression on your face... relax, it was a joke. Plus, why would I keep it a secret? I want as many people as possible to know. That way, fewer kids will be dying in the First Nightmare. Fewer of them will be sent into a literal Death Zone on the winter solstice like you were, too..."

Rain couldn't help but be giddy. The intoxicating feeling of strength and potency permeating her body, the pride and relief of having finally accomplished the goal she had been pursuing for so many years, the promise of a gentler future that she could potentially help usher in...

It was enough to make her head spin.

While she was basking in joy, Tamar's cold voice resounded from behind:

"Rani... you are a bit naive, aren't you?"

Rain glanced at her in confusion.

"What's that about?"

Laying on the stretcher, the young Legacy looked at the sky tiredly and let out a long sigh.

"You absolutely cannot tell anyone about how you Awakened. At least not while you are so weak and lack protection. If you knew what's good for you, you really should have tossed me over the edge of the waterfall."

Rain blinked a couple of times.

"What? Why?"

The younger girl shifted and looked up at her, her gaze somber. 

"Just think about it. The entire power hierarchy of our world is built around the Nightmare Spell. The entire economy too, more or less. Those who wield power can do so because they control the resources people need to survive. Awakened warriors are one such resource... perhaps the most important one. Now, you possess something that can render all that authority meaningless. What do you think will happen to you when those in power learn about your existence?"




***
Chapter 1830: Resistance to Change


***






Rain stopped, feeling her sense of joy dim a little.

A perplexed smile appeared on her face. 

She wasn't a fool, so she had considered these things, as well. But didn't the importance of her discovery far outweigh such details?

"But it can save countless lives."

Tamar looked away and shrugged.

"Can it? Maybe in the short term... but what will happen when these new and untested Awakened have to face the horrors of the Dream Realm? What can cowards who refused to face even the First Nightmare do? Surely, they will buckle and break, leaving humanity defenseless. In that sense, what you offer is poison, not salvation."

She sighed.

"That is not my opinion, by the way. That is just one example of what others can say... will say... to justify harming you and suppressing your discovery. They might not even do it out of malice, but out of sincere belief. Because what you offer does not just attack their authority, but also their identity. That, as well, is built around the Nightmare Spell for many."

Rain dropped the harness into the mud.

"You can't be serious."

Her voice was calm, but her eyes weren't.

Because... she could easily imagine a world where Tamar was right.

Take the two Domains, for example. On the surface, the royal clans were benefactors to those hundreds of millions of mundane people who now lived in the Dream Realm.

But if one looked at it differently, the citizens of the Domains were hostage to the royal clans. They could only be safe if their Sovereign protected them, and could only really attempt the First Nightmare — and thus step on the path to greater power — if the Sovereign or one of the Sovereign's vassals allowed them to.

In the future, when more and more people of the waking world settled in the Dream Realm, that would become the cornerstone of the authority of the royal clans.

Would they be willing to share that authority?

And then, there were the Legacy clans below the two royal houses, whose culture and identity were irrevocably connected to the dreadful challenges of the Nightmare Spell. They were already prohibiting their scions from saving themselves from the trial of the winter solstice by entering the Dream Realm in advance, purely out of belief that warriors had to be forged in fire.

Would they accept Awakened who had not faced the First Nightmare? Or would they find the very concept offensive?

The consequences of Rain's achievement went far deeper than she had considered.

Tamar sighed.

"I am deadly serious, Rani. You... should speak to the extraordinary person who guided you to Awakening, at least, before making any decisions. They had to have been more aware of the repercussions than you are. Be mindful, though. Make sure that they have your best interest in heart before listening to what they have to say."

She paused for a moment, and then added in a subdued tone:

"Until you do, no one must know that you are not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell. We... we'll tell them that we had no choice but to cross the realm boundary and leave the Song Domain while escaping from the Tyrant, and that you had your First Nightmare as a result. That will work as a temporary measure, at lest."

Rain looked at her soberly.

Tamar was young... but she was a member of a Legacy clan, as well. She served the Queen as a vassal.

So, she was the exact type of person she had warned Rain against.

'Can I trust her?'

After what they had experienced together, Rain wanted to believe that she could. But in a sense, covering the truth would mean betraying the trust of Tamar's clan and Queen Song.

Would she really do that?

Rain sighed.

"One thing I don‘t understand, Lady Tamar... is why are willing to hide this secret for me."

The young Legacy looked at her from the muddy stretcher. Her face was pale and stern... which was a bit of a comical look for such a young woman.

After a while, she looked away, remained silent for a moment, and said stiffly:

"Well, aren't you a member of my survey team? I am responsible for your well—being... as a superior. So... if something happens to you, a stain would be left on my reputation. And I value my reputation very much."

Rain stared at her silently, keeping a straight face.

'... Adorable!'

By that time, the night had already fallen, and the three moons were high in the sky. So, she couldn't see Tamar's expression very well.

She did see something else, however. With a sigh, Rain unsheathed her hunting knife. Moonlight glistened on the sharp blade as she bent down. Tamar seemed to flinch when she saw the knife.

"W—what are you doing?"

Rain cut the harness, separating it from the stretcher, and looked at the young Legacy with a neutral expression.

"I'm sorry, Lady Tamar. I'm afraid you'll have to go over the edge, after all."

Tamar's eyes widened.

"W—what?"

Rain stared at her for a few moments, then laughed and pointed in the direction of the edge.

"You might not see it from the ground, but actually..."

Out there in the darkness, far below, a scattering of lights was shining faintly through the water vapor.

It was the city built by Tamar's clan on the shores of the Lake of Tears.

Rain stood up and started dismantling the harness.

"The plan was to reach your clan's Citadel, but I don't really know how to cross all the canyons that stand in our way. It would be much easier to climb down from the plateau and reach the city. So... summon the brightest luminous Memory you have. We're going down."

Tamar was looking up at her with a frozen expression.

After a while, she scowled in outrage.

"Rani, y—you! Was that supposed to be funny? !"

Rain shrugged.

"I don't know. I thought it was pretty funny..."

Soon, they left the stretcher behind. Tamar was strapped to Rain's back with the rearranged harness, holding onto her shoulders with trembling hands. Before, Rain would have never dared to climb a slick, sheer slope while carrying such a heavy burden — but now that she was an Awakened, nothing seemed impossible for her anymore.

With the bright light of the luminous Memory illuminating the vertical surface of the weathered stone, she carefully started the descent. Her physical strength seemed inexhaustible, so all she had to do was pay attention and keep in mind how far from the wall her center of gravity was.

That said, the Moonriver plateau was terribly high, so reaching the Lake of Tears was taking an eternity. The Weeping Goddess flowed down on both sides of them, but the stretch of the slope Rain had chosen was relatively dry.

At some point, she sensed Tamar's tension and started talking to calm the younger girl down.

Rain talked about all the things she was looking forward to after Awakening. 

Like not having to do laundry or carry a heavy backpack while climbing mountains...

Mainly these two things.

And having soft hands.

"That is what you were worried about?"

Tamar's voice sounded incredulous.

Rain grinned.

"Listen, Princess Tamar... you might not know it, but humble laborers like me take skincare very seriously."

The young Legacy remained silent for a while, then sighed in embarrassment.

"No, actually... I get it. Girls from Legacy clans all secretly look forward to becoming Awakened. We train really hard, you know, so by sixteen, your hands are a nightmare in and of itself..."

Rain laughed.

It was already dawn by the time they reached the water.

Rain had been worried that she would have to swim to shore, but there was no need.

Tamar's luminous Memory was very visible in the dark night, so the inhabitants of the city had long noticed a strange spark slowly crawling down the sheer cliffs.

So, there were boats waiting in a semicircle around the base of the cliffs, with armed Awakened on them.

Now, their dreadful journey was truly over.




***
Chapter 1831: Abstract Concept


***






Dressed in a comfortable night—gown, Rain was sitting on a bed. The bed was wide and soft. The sheets were immaculately clean and crisp... a far cry from the cold cradle of mud she had been sleeping on for many days. 

It was also much nicer than her own bed in Ravenheart, so... she had nothing to complain about The room itself was spacious, but austere. The Citadel of Clan Sorrow was cut into the cliffside, so the walls surrounding her were that of rough stone. The furniture, however, was quite elegant and beautifully made.

There was a single arched window in the room, opening to the pale lilac expanse of the evening sky. The roaring of the Weeping Goddess seemed quiet here, somehow, but also constant, like a persistent hum.

The air was fresh and smelled of water.

The peaceful, but uniquely austere mood of the somber Citadel helped Rain imagine easily where Tamar's overly serious demeanor had come from.

She sighed.

Things had happened fast after the two of them reached the Lake of Tears. First, Rain and Tamar were brought to the city built on its shore — it was much smaller than Ravenheart, but still lively. The architecture style was distinctly different, as well, favoring flat roofs that served as gardens — as opposed to the capital, where most roofs were slanted and covered by tiles to avoid snow and ash accumulating on them.

They did not spend much time in the city, though.

The Saint of Sorrow was currently away, but Tamar's mother was there. After receiving news of her daughter showing up severely wounded, she immediately sent retainers to retrieve her.

Rain and Tamar were taken to the Citadel, which was cut directly into the vertical side of the great waterfall and oversaw the city from high above.

Tamar was treated by an Ascended healer. Rain, meanwhile, was welcomed as a guest of Clan Sorrow.

She met the matriarch of the clan, as well as a few elders. Everyone had treated her graciously — from the Awakened retainers and mundane citizens to the members of the direct family.

Tamar had briefly shared the story of how the two of them had ended up in such a sorry state, including the fake version of Rain's Awakening.

Everything seemed fine.

And yet, Rain was in a heavy mood.

That was because she had heard a lot, and inferred even more, from the conversations with the locals.

The war... seemed imminent.

Some of the people she had talked to were aware of it, while some were not. Nevertheless, everyone was alarmed and uneasy, as if there was invisible tension permeating the air.

Many things had happened after the survey team left the construction camp and lost contact with the rest of humanity.

The conflict between the two Great Clans had grown much more dire. Valor continued to demand that Silent Stalker and Master Dar of Maharana Clan were handed over, and Song continued to refuse. There were all kinds of unrest on the streets of Bastion and Ravenheart... NQSC, even.

There had been protests and violent clashes between the followers of the opposing Domains. A large crowd was chanting threateningly in front of Clan Song's compound in the waking world.

Someone had tossed makeshift incendiaries at the fortress walls surrounding the location of the King‘s Dream Gate in the Northern Quadrant. A few young Legacies had already fought openly, devastating a public venue. They were arrested by the agents of the government, but the government itself was behaving strangely, as if frozen by fear, indecision, and internal conflict.

And those were only the outward signs.

The more dire omen was how deserted the Citadel of Clan Sorrow seemed. There were Awakened warriors, but too few of them. There were members of the direct family, but only the less powerful ones.

Which told Rain one thing.

The Queen was secretly mobilizing her forces.

The road Rain had helped build was almost complete, and soon, legions of the Song Domain would march on it, heading to Godgrave.

The war, which was an abstract concept before, was almost palpable now.

It was much sooner than she had expected.

And so, Rain was sitting quietly on the bed, watching as the sky turned dark beyond the window.

Finally, when all sunlight was gone and deep shadows devoured the room, a familiar presence emerged from them.

Her teacher leaned on a wall and applauded quietly. His smile was as carefree as it had always been.

"Congratulations! You are an Awakened now."

Rain looked at his dark silhouette sternly.

"... Where the hell have you been?" 

He gave her a vague shrug.

"Oh, you know. Here and there. Hiding in the shadows, taking a beach vacation, sitting idly on my dark throne. Why? Didn't you do well without me?"

Rain lingered for a few moments, then let out a heavy sigh.

"I wouldn't call it "well", exactly... but, sure.

Actually, I did fine."

He grinned.

"Fine? You are the first human of your world to have Awakened without that pesky thing... what do you call it? Oh, the Nightmare Spell. Great job, Rain! You really made me proud."

She silently extended her hand and opened her palm.

"Give it, then."

He raised an eyebrow... or at least she thought he did, since she couldn't see his face clearly.

"What?"

Rain frowned.

"My Memory! You promised me a Memory after I killed the Huntsman."

Her teacher laughed quietly.

"Right. Don't worry, I will. I'll even throw in one more for that Awakened Tyrant. And a third one as a free bonus, for a return customer."

He hesitated for a moment, and then added more sincerely:

"But really, good job. Awakening, killing the Tyrant... and not leaving that girl to die, too. I'm not sure that I would have done the same as a Sleeper."

Rain looked away, feeling a little embarrassed.

"... Thank you. Anyway, I was never really a Sleeper. That would have been embarrassing — I'm way too old to be one..."

After that, neither of them spoke for a while.

Eventually, Rain asked:

"So, what now?"




***
Chapter 1832: The Other Side


***






Her teacher sighed.

"That is up to you. Now that you have Awakened, we have more options. You are not a prisoner of the Song Domain anymore... so, if you want, I can take you to safety, to wait out this entire mess."

She faced him, not saying anything.

He chuckled.

"What? I have nice places to take my student to as well, you know."

Rain smiled faintly.

"Says the man who has lived in my shadow for four years."

The joke was just like countless others she had told in the past, but today, it did not land. She didn‘t feel it.

Rain shook her head.

"You know I wanted to Awaken because I wanted to be strong. Have I become strong to do nothing, then? Running away and hiding in a safe place sure sounds nice, on the surface. But do you really think that I would want to?"

Her teacher sighed.

"No, not really."

He hesitated.
