She subconsciously floated up, this time shooting almost all the way to the ceiling.

Sunny let out a whistle.

«So… this works, too.»

Aiko regained her composure, landed, and looked at her small hands.

After making them into small fists a few times, she blinked.

«What the hell, why am I suddenly so strong?»

Sunny took a deep breath.

His Aspect could be used to augment himself, his Memories, his Echoes, and his Shadows. He could also augment inanimate objects, to a degree. But he had never been able to augment other living beings — with the sole exception of Nephis, whom he had been connected to by Shadow Bond before.

Shadow Bond was no more, and although Sunny did not have a master now, he did have a connection to two other people. They were Rain and Aiko, both bearing the Mark of Shadows.

So, Sunny had decided to see if he could augment his followers, as well.

Amazingly, it worked.

Which was a great thing, because keeping Rain alive in the middle of Godgrave was getting harder and harder, and would get harder still once the two armies clashed in earnest. She did not even have an Aspect, so Sunny was quite happy to find a way to boost her strength.

Looking at Aiko — and staring at himself through her eyes — Sunny grinned.

«Don't worry. That's just a little benefit of being a member of the Shadow Clan. Basically, I used one of my incarnations to fuse with you, thus doubling your strength. No need to stare at me with admiration…»

The petite girl was indeed staring at him. However, the emotion in her eyes was very far from admiration.

«F-fuse with me? Who… bastard, you have some nerve, going around fusing with unsuspecting women without permission! Thanks, but no thanks, I did not assent to fusing of any kind! Defuse me right this second!»

Sunny blinked a couple of times, then recalled his incarnation and coughed awkwardly.

«Right…»

In hindsight, he could have just sent his shadow to augment Aiko without controlling it directly. He just forgot about it in all the excitement.

«Well. That's embarrassing.»

Sunny cleared his throat. 

«Whatever. Anyway, you can go… I'll think about giving you a bonus. A small bonus, mind you!»

Aiko opened her mouth, wanting to retort, but he added sternly:

«And, by the way… were you sitting in my chair?»

The petite girl turned around and hurried upstairs.

«I'll be going, boss! My great uncle and my family cat… I mean, my auntie and my dog… anyway, see you later!»

Sunny scoffed and looked at his Shadows.

After a while, he dismissed them, deciding that it was time to switch gears.

«Next, the Memories.»

It was time to delve into the second avenue he wanted to explore.

The first one had to do with augmenting Shadows to advance his mastery of Shadow Dance, while the second one… the second one was inspired by the experience of fusing with Serpent in the Soul Weapon form, and had to do with Memories.

Sunny hoped to advance his mastery of weaving by augmenting them.




***
Chapter 1949: Sonorous Silver Sunless


***






Sunny had quite high expectations for the next stage of his experiments. He had been making a living by selling Memories, after all, and was obligated to forge a stellar sword for Nephis.

There were many Saints in the world, and even a couple of others who possessed Divine Aspects. However, he was the only weaver left in existence. Some could enchant weapons and craft Memories, but their ability was no more than a pale imitation of his own.

Therefore, what Sunny was going to do now thrilled him even more than the possible advancement of Shadow Dance. He was just a bit tired, so his excitement was calm and focused.

He was going to fuse with his Memories, which would hopefully allow him to learn more about their weaves.

"Let's see..."

He summoned the runes to study his soul arsenal.

**Memories:**

[Silver Bell], [Extraordinary Rock], [Endless Spring], [Weaver's Mask], [Shadow Lantern],

[Shadow Chair], [Overpriced Saddle], [Weaver's Needle], [Nebulous Mantle], [Handy Bracelet],

[Quintessence Pearl], [Definitely Not Me].

He possessed far fewer Memories now, after being banished from the Nightmare Spell. Still, it was enough for a good start.

The Memories he did possess could be divided into three categories: the ones he had created himself, the ones he had altered... and the two Divine Memories he had received by chance.

Sunny suspected that he would be able to learn the least from the first category, and the most from the last... if he even had the capacity to fathom the infinite sophistication of Weaver's Mask and Shadow Lantern, which was unlikely.

In any case, it made sense. He knew everything there was to know about the weave of those Memories he had personally created, after all. [Shadow Chair], [Overpriced Saddle], and [Weaver's Needle] could barely be called Memories — they were simply objects he had outfitted with the rudimentary enchantments every Memory possessed.

[Handy Bracelet], [Quintessence Pearl], and [Definitely Not Me] were far more complex, each created after he became a Transcendent. Studying them would be of more use... but probably not as much as studying the Memories initially forged by the Spell.

They were [Silver Bell], [Extraordinary Rock], and [Endless Spring]. Each had accompanied him for a long time.

Then, there was the [Nebulous Mantle], which had a somewhat special origin. Neither Sunny nor the Nightmare Spell had created it — instead, it had been woven by the sorcerers who worshiped Weaver, passed down to Ananke, and eventually ended up being turned into a Memory by Sunny.

And finally, there were [Shadow Lantern] and [Weaver's Mask]. Sunny actually did not know how Shadow Lantern had come to be — was it a true relic of Shadow God, or simply a replica of one? He had received it as a Legacy Relic, and since Aspect Legacies seemed to come from the Spell, it would be reasonable to assume that the Spell had created it.

However, another Legacy Relic Sunny had received was the Fragment of Shadow Realm, and even the Spell did not seem to know how to deal with it — to the point that it did not know how to describe the Fragment with runes, or where to place it.

Sunny knew the origin of Weaver's Mask, though. It was indeed a mere replica of the mask the Demon of Fate had personally worn — one of the two granted to the High Priests of the Nightmare Spell in the distant past.

However...

It had been created by Weaver's own hand. So, it was indeed a true relic left behind by the nebulous daemon, just like the Nightmare Spell itself.

Sunny stared at the runes describing Weaver's Mask for a few moments... then shifted his gaze and glanced at the [Overpriced Saddle].

A sad sigh escaped from his lips.

Chasing away the sudden feeling of crippling inferiority, Sunny raised a hand and summoned the Silver Bell.

A beautiful bell wove itself from sparks of light, its familiar weight making him feel a hint of bittersweet nostalgia.

Sunny closed his eyes for a moment.

*"[A small memento of a long-lost home, which once brought its owner comfort and joy...]"*

He rang the bell quietly and listened to its sonorous ringing, then smiled, a hint of sadness finding its way into his eyes.

When the melodious sound of the bell dissolved into silence, Sunny took a deep breath and controlled his incarnation to glide onto the small Memory. Immediately, his consciousness split into two states of being. Sunny was the person who sat on the floor, holding the Silver Bell in his hand. But he was also the bell being held by the person.

Overwhelmed by the strangeness of this alien feeling, Sunny shuddered. Because the hand holding him trembled, Sunny swayed and produced a beautiful ringing sound.

'Ah... it's too strange...'

Becoming one with the Silver Bell was even more odd than fusing with the Soul Weapon form of Serpent or with the Marvelous Mimic masquerading as a quaint cottage... much more odd by far. His Shadows were living beings assuming the shapes of inanimate objects, at least. The Silver Bell... was simply the Silver Bell. It was a thing cast of silver, with no awareness of the world, of itself, or of anything at all — it had no senses, no feelings, no fears, no thoughts, no desires. It just... was.

Sunny's eyes widened, and his expression froze.

He remained motionless for a while, his mind torn between two incongruous and irreconcilable states.

Somewhere far away, the Lord of Shadows stumbled mid-motion, and a hidden shadow shuddered in the darkness of Rain's tent.

"...Is this what it feels like to be truly insane?"

Who else would be in the state of mind to consider themselves a little bell, if not for a complete lunatic?

Slowly, laboriously, he called upon his many experiences acting as a shadow of alien beings and managed to get a grip on his incapacitated mind. Sunny built a wall around the part of his mind that had become one with the Silver Bell, separating it from himself, and finally exhaled with relief.

"D—damn it... wow."

Sunny had known that he would experience something exceedingly bizarre by personally augmenting a Memory, but nothing could have prepared him for the strangeness of this foreign state of being.

Still, it was illuminating.

Even though the Silver Bell had no senses, no concept of self, and no way to perceive anything, it still had... something.

A subtle awareness of movement, vibration, and sound.

And underneath it all, something far more conclusive. 

The Silver Bell might have been inanimate and simple on the material plane, but beyond that, it was a marvel of radiant light and flowing energy that existed in the vast emptiness of a lightless abyss. After all, it was woven out of soul essence and contained intricate enchantments designed by the Nightmare Spell itself.

Even the *[Sonorous]* enchantment added to it had not been invented by Sunny, but simply copied from another Memory into the weave of the Silver Bell. Within it, soul essence flowed according to an elegant, complex, and infinitely ingenious pattern, its movement and pathways dictated by the intricate tapestry of ethereal strings embedded into the nature of the Silver Bell beyond the material plane.

That was its spellweave and the resulting mechanism of its enchantments, shining brightly in the darkness.

And, therefore...

That was Sunny's spellweave and the mechanism of his enchantments.

He inhaled slowly, staring into the distance.

Sunny had seen plenty of weaves before. 

But...

He had never experienced being a weave before. He had never felt every detail and nuance of his sorcery so deeply, vividly, and in such a profound way.

His eyes, which were opened wide, suddenly glistened with sharp light.

And deep within them, golden strands shone for a moment, then disappeared into lightless depths.




***
Chapter 1950: High Sorcerer


***






Some time later, Sunny let out a shaky breath and sprawled on the floor. His mind felt like it was on fire, and there were a myriad of thoughts swarming in his head.

He had been right! 

Using an incarnation to augment a Memory was, indeed, a game changer. The act of fusing with a Memory gave him an entirely new level of understanding of how its enchantments functioned, and how its spellweave caused those enchantments to exist.

It was one thing to see the tapestry of ethereal strings, but experiencing it as a part of himself was completely different.

Before, Sunny could study a weave and make logical conclusions about how its elements functioned, as well as what role each string played in the tapestry. By observing the structure and guiding principles of countless weaves and comparing them to each other, he could deduce the purpose of some of the patterns and weave Memories by recreating them. That was how his career as a sorcerer had started... and he had made great strides since then.

Sunny had steadily increased the repertoire of patterns he could weave. Eventually, he was even able to understand the principles behind these structures, which gave him the ability to change and modify them. Finally, he reached a point where he could weave new patterns and thus create somewhat original enchantments, all by himself.

However, Sunny had always remained blind to the true essence of weaving. He had discerned how many weaves worked, but he never understood why. In other words, he had only observed the guiding principles of weaving without ever knowing the underlying reasons for why they were that way.

His experience as a sorcerer had been purely empirical, lacking the theoretical understanding of the inner workings and causality of the sorcery he practiced. He was an alchemist at best, not a chemist.

Now... all of it could change.

Of course, Sunny had not fathomed the elaborate underlying laws of weaving yet. But he had obtained a tool to observe them now — to personify them now — which meant that, given time, he would be able to comprehend and learn them. When he did...

A soft chuckle escaped Sunny's lips.

If he did manage to grasp the "Why" of weaving instead of only just "how," then he would not need to rely on imitation to create enchantments. He would not need a repertoire of weaves and patterns anymore — because he would be able to solve any problem by simply knowing the rules of solving it.

Of course, that would not make Sunny an omnipotent sorcerer in an instant. After all, having the tools necessary to solve a problem was not the same as mastering them. Otherwise, people would have been able to resolve... well... something terribly complicated in mathematics immediately after formulating the rules of arithmetic.

To his shame, Sunny did not know enough about mathematics to come up with an example.

"Why am I even thinking about that?"

Right... he was thinking about it because he had decided to rest a little after his brain almost melted as a result of experiencing the fusion with Silver Bell.

Still.

He had rested enough, already. Hadn't he?

Sitting up, Sunny shook his head energetically.

"Let's see what mysteries you're hiding!"

and summoned the Extraordinary Rock.

Sunny did not say that. The Extraordinary Rock said that.

But in the next moment, Sunny had become the Extraordinary Rock. Immediately, he shuddered.

Somewhere far away, the Lord of Shadows slammed into a pillar while walking out of the Nameless Temple. Elsewhere, a hidden shadow let out a frustrated sigh, making Rain stir a little in her sleep.

"Let's continue."

Sometime later, Aiko returned to the basement, carrying a tray of food. Her boss was sprawled on the floor in a disheveled state, staring at the ceiling with glassy eyes.

She cautiously nudged him with the edge of her shoe.

"Hey, boss... Uh... you're alive?"

Sunny turned his head and looked at her with a frown.

"Which me are you asking? Also, define the meaning of alive. Also... define the meaning of you."

He blinked a couple of times, then shook his head.

"Never mind. Yes, I'm alive. But what are you doing here?"

Aiko let out a sigh and put the tray on the floor near him.

"Here, have some food. I thought you'd be hungry."

Sunny tilted his head a little.

"Huh? Why would I be hungry?"

The petite girl shrugged.

"I mean... you've been locked in the basement for three days without ever stepping out..."

He stared at her for a few moments, then looked down at the food.

It did smell very appetizing.

"It's been three days already? Wow. That's crazy."

Pulling the tray closer, Sunny grabbed the nearest plate and shoved a spoonful of fragrant soup into his mouth.

"Has Nephis returned to the camp, by any chance?"

Aiko watched him eat with a dubious expression, then shook her head.

"Not yet. She's still en route... inspecting the extermination outposts or some such, from what I hear. She'll probably be here in a couple more days."

Sunny nodded.

"Alright. Let me know when that happens. I'll just stay here in the basement until then."

Then, thinking about it, he suddenly pierced her with an intense gaze.

"Wait. How's our war profiteering business coming along?"

The petite girl flinched.

"What?! What war profiteering? There's no war profiteering whatsoever happening here! Just a completely benign, officially sanctioned Memory redistribution program, for the glory and benefit of the great Sword Army."

Sunny waved a hand.

"Yes, yes. Whatever. You should already have at least a small stockpile of Memories in inventory, right? Waiting to be... redistributed. Lend them to me for a few days. Oh, also! Tell the Fire Keepers that since I have free time, I can modify some Memories for them, free of charge. There should be at least a few of them still in the camp, right?"

Aiko blinked.

"I refuse."

Sunny froze for a moment.

"What? Why?"

She crossed her arms and scowled sternly.

"Free of charge? What's that? Our services are both exclusive and top-notch, so why should we provide them for free? Dream on!"

Sunny stared at the petite girl for a few moments, then waved a hand.

"Fine, whatever, just get me some Memories — the more, the better!"

Grinning in satisfaction, Aiko told Sunny to enjoy his meal and flew out of the basement... literally.

He smiled.

"Good." 

Being banished from the Spell, he couldn't directly transfer or receive Memories. Each had to be modified slightly before he could give them away or claim ownership — if the other party was willing, of course.

So it would actually take some effort on Sunny's part to get the Memories from Aiko.

It was worth it, however, because if he did...

He would be able to augment and study them freely, instantly gaining more fuel for his current research.

Aiko's uncompromising avarice aside, Sunny should have been paying the Fire Keepers for free access to their soul arsenals, instead. But, no matter.

He hungrily attacked the tray of food, grinning from ear to ear.

"I've made good progress, already."

In a day or two more, he would probably be ready to put his new knowledge into practice and test the first results of his recent breakthrough.

Therefore, it would be time to weave some Memories.




***
Chapter 1951: The Nuances of Proper Grammar


***






It was going to take Aiko some time to prepare the new Memories for Sunny to peruse. In the meantime, he hesitated for a while, looking at the shimmering runes with a bit of trepidation. 

By now, he already explored those of his Memories that he had either personally crafted or altered. Two more remained, though.. Weavers Mask and Shadow Lantern.

Sunny was a little afraid of them.

He had already seen their weave, after all — and it was unlike anything he had ever witnessed. Even the most powerful Memories he had possessed in the past, Estuary Key and the Crown of Twilight, seemed like toys meant for an infant when compared to the unfathomable complexity of the weave hiding within the Divine Memories.

Sunny had almost killed himself a couple of times by witnessing more than mortals were meant to perceive — like the endless tapestry of fate that Weaver's Mask could show him.

He had not been harmed by merely looking at the weave of Divine Memories, sure. But there was a vast difference between taking a look at them and becoming one with them — fusing with the Silver Bell was already a shock, so Sunny was hesitant to do the same with either Weaver's Mask or the Shadow Lantern.

Still, the temptation was too strong.

Finally gathering his courage, Sunny sighed and summoned the Shadow Lantern. Soon, a palm-sized lantern appeared in his hand. It was made from a black material that felt like stone, but wasn’t stone, engraved with intricate patterns that resembled the scales of a serpent. A short chain was attached to a metal ring at its top, similarly black.

The lantern's gate was carved from glossy black morion—needless to say, there was no light shining through it. Instead, the darkness around Sunny suddenly seemed to grow deeper, colder, and more impenetrable.

Shadow Lantern was beautiful, but unassuming—not at all like a relic left behind by a god. Then again, maybe it was exactly the kind of thing that the elusive Shadow God would leave behind.

It also only had a single enchantment... which was both quite simple and dealt with such absolute concepts and endlessness and infinity—

Enchantment: [Gates of Shadow]

Enchantment Description: [This lantern devours light and can contain, and then release, an infinite amount of shadows].

That enchantment had served Sunny well in the past. In fact, it was one of the most useful and irreplaceable tools in his arsenal.

He remained motionless for a while, studying the dark Memory, then sighed again and controlled his gloomy incarnation to wrap itself around the serpentine stone lantern.

In the next moment...

Sunny let out a horrified yelp and tossed the lantern away. Of course, that did not do anything, so he belatedly remembered to separate himself from the Divine Memory by allowing his trembling shadow to dash away.

The Shadow Lantern fell on the floor and rolled a few times, its chain ringing in the silence.

"Ah... goddammit..."

Sunny found himself laying on the floor, having hit it hard with his forehead. Of course, his head was quite sturdy, so he wasn’t even bruised... the Marvelous Mimic, however, seemed to have received some damage. The floorboard was cracked, slowly repairing itself.

A brick cottage could not really express emotions, but somehow, Sunny felt that he was surrounded by an aura of resentment.

He let out a shaky breath.

"Yeah... I'm not doing that again any time soon."

Just as he had expected, fusing with a Divine Memory was not something a mere mortal like him was meant to do. His mind was too small, fleeting, and fragile to contain the vastness of the Shadow Lantern's weave, the weight of its enchantment, and humbling scale of its unseen expanse. The Divine Memory might have appeared no larger than a palm on the material plane, but truly... its essence was far too immense to fathom.

Sunny slowly sat up and let out a low groan.

"At least I didn't start with Weavers Mask."

Shadow Lantern was a Divine Memory of the First Tier, while Weavers Mask... it was a Divine Memory of the Seventh Tier. It had more than one enchantment, as well, woven by Weaver’s own hand.

Sunny was suddenly thankful that he was a little scared of his mask, having been traumatized by its [Where is my eye?] enchantment a long time ago. He had used it on several occasions — the last time already as a Saint, to see if he was really free of the Strings of Fate and disconnected from its tapestry. Remembering those times consistently made him shudder.

Of course, fusing with Weavers Mask would be far more merciful than witnessing fate without the privilege of looking away. His mind would not melt, shatter, and collapse under the pressure... it was just that becoming one with something so much greater than himself posed a high risk of his sense of self being substituted by that thing entirely.

Sunny had no plans of spending the rest of his life believing genuinely that he was in fact not a person, but a wooden mask instead.

He had come really close to being irrevocably convinced that he was an intricate stone lantern, already.

Shaking his head, Sunny closed his eyes for a moment, then threw a dark look at the Shadow Lantern.

"That was close."

The experience of fusion with the Divine Memory had indeed been perilous... but not entirely useless.

Slowly, Sunny's expression changed.

That said, it had not been useless.

Remembering that short moment of being one with the Shadow Lantern, he scrutinized his feelings intently.

He had not really managed to fathom the nuances of the spellweave of the Divine Memory, but he did become briefly aware of its true essence. That impression, although momentary, imparted a much deeper understanding of the Shadow Lantern to him.

And of its single enchantment.

Suddenly, Sunny's eyes widened, and he stared at the glossy morion gate of the stone lantern in utter disbelief.

"No... it can't be."

And yet, it could.

He was paralyzed by shock.

"The Gates of Shadow?"

Long ago, soon after receiving the Shadow Lantern, Sunny had wondered how it was able to contain a literal infinity of shadows. Where did the shadows he sent into the Lantern really go? He had even sent one of his own shadows inside, learning very little as a result.

He had also tried to store the Fragment of the Shadow Realm in the small stone lantern, attempting to test if its capacity was really infinite. The Fragment could indeed be sent into the Shadow Lantern — sadly, no matter how hard Sunny tried, it could not be retrieved. 

There was no reason Sunny knew why the Shadow Realm's Fragment would not return from inside the Lantern, like all other shadows would, but that was what he had discovered on Alethea's Island. The discovery had crushed his hope of being able to move his piece of a Divine Domain freely wherever he wished.

But now... now, Sunny had a strong suspicion about what the reason was.

It was because the name of the single enchantment of the Shadow Lantern was much more literal than he had thought.

Gates of Shadow... not of the Shadows, but of Shadow.

"Made pale and feeble by the radiance of day. Shadow laughed and rose from the ground."

That was what the Nightmare Spell called Shadow God in the description of the Lantern.

So, the Gates of Shadow were really the Gates of Shadow God.

Where would the Gates of Shadow God lead?

Sunny stared at the small stone lantern and its tiny morion door with an expression of horror.

There was only one logical answer.

They would lead to Shadow God's Realm.




***
Chapter 1952: Choice Paralysis


***






'It just doesn’t end today!'

Sunny stared at the Shadow Lantern with a strange expression. Today, he had discovered the key to mastering the next step of Shadow Dance, elevated his sorcery, and now, found out that the door to the Shadow Realm had been in his pocket the entire time!

Well... technically, these revelations had unfolded over several days, as Aiko so helpfully reminded him. Still, how was his heart supposed to handle so many stunning discoveries? 'Who cares about my heart? I have six spare ones, anyway!' 

Standing up, Sunny carefully picked up the Shadow Lantern and studied it, a deep frown forming on his face. He was fairly sure his theory was correct. In that brief moment of fusion with the Divine Memory, he and the Shadow Lantern had become one and the same. In that instant, he’d glimpsed a bit of what the Shadow Lantern truly was, as well as what lay hidden beneath its surface.

Although he couldn’t fully comprehend it, he was certain of one thing — the gate of the Shadow Lantern led directly to the Shadow Realm. This would explain why it could hold an infinite number of shadows, as well as why the Fragment of the Shadow Realm could be stored but not retrieved. That Fragment had been torn from the Shadow Realm when a dreadful being escaped it, and by returning the Fragment, Sunny was, in a way, mending a rift in the Shadow Realm itself.

And there was no chance he could pull an entire Divine Domain out of the Lantern, after all.

Just thinking about all of this made Sunny feel incredulous. The Shadow Realm... His gaze grew distant, his mind wandering to the implications.

Out of the six Divine Realms in existence, only the Seventh — the Shadow Realm — remained. When the Dream Realm was born, it slowly consumed the mortal realms, absorbing them into itself, along with five of the six Divine Realms... or so Wind Flower had told him. Sunny strongly suspected that the Stormsea had once been the Divine Realm of the Storm God. Godgrave had likely belonged to the Sun God. The Burned Forest may have been the Divine Realm of the Heart God. As for the Beast God, fragments of its realm lingered in the Song Domain. Finally, Earth seemed to have once been the Divine Realm of the War God, humanity’s patron deity.

While five Divine Realms had been accounted for, the Shadow Realm had always remained a mystery. Where was it? Had it been swallowed by the Dream Realm? If so, where in this nightmarish world were the remains of the Shadow God’s Realm?

Sunny had never seen or heard of a place resembling the Realm of Shadow. So he’d always wondered where it went. And now... he could go find out.

The thought made him shudder with a sense of profound dread. Could he? Should he?

The first question was simple — yes, he could. His shadow had entered the Shadow Lantern back when he first acquired it. Now, with Shadow Incarnation and the ability to control his shadows directly, he could do it himself. In fact, he probably could have done it even before becoming a Saint, simply by using Shadow Step to assume an incorporeal form. The only issue had been the unknown inside the Lantern, and that there would be no one to summon him back.

But now, one of his avatars could hold the Lantern while another ventured inside. He could maintain at least two avatars indefinitely, and Shadow Step no longer drained his essence passively.

The possibility was certainly there. But should he?

The reason for caution was obvious. Venturing blindly into a fallen Divine Realm was asking for trouble. Godgrave, Stormsea, and Burned Forest were all deadly, representing some of the most nightmarish corners of this harrowing world. Sunny had no reason to assume it, but somehow, he felt that the Shadow Realm might be the most dreadful of them all.

Yet, there was a compelling reason to explore it, too — his missing Titan Core. His Aspect had always made it harder to saturate his soul, and that difficulty seemed even greater now that he was a Saint, especially given the absence of Shadow Creatures to hunt.

Wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume there were plenty of them in the ruins of the Shadow Realm? Entering the Shadow Realm was the most certain way he could think of to become a titan.

If Sunny managed to become a Transcendent Titan, he’d gain another core, another shadow, and another avatar — and Serpent would also ascend. That would allow Serpent to take on the forms of titans Sunny had slain, like the Fallen Titan Goliath or the Winter Beast. Such a power would add a valuable trump card to his arsenal, and he desperately needed those, especially with the Sovereigns to face.

A long sigh escaped Sunny’s lips. 

"Damnation..."

He had so much to do already! Crafting Memories was his immediate plan, but there was also the looming war, his need to learn about the Sovereigns before facing them in battle, and Nephis was finally coming back to camp. That meant he could finally see her again.

Now, exploring a dead god’s lightless realm had been added to his list of things to accomplish.

Sunny covered his face with a palm and groaned.

“What the hell?”

With seven bodies, how was he busier than ever? Shaking his head, he took a deep breath and stared at the ceiling.

For now, the only question was... what was he going to do first?

Sneak into the Shadow Realm or make a breakthrough in weaving?




***
Chapter 1953: One Small Step for Shadow


***






Sunny definitely knew what the smart decision would be.

The smart decision would be to concentrate on weaving for now, slowly consider the potential perils of venturing into the Shadow Realm, and make thorough preparations before entering the Lantern.

For example, he had to decide which of his incarnations would explore the Shadow Realm. Would he send the Lord of Shadows and his three companion shadows, to have as much power as realistically possible in the current situation at his disposal there? Or would he send a single incarnation as a scout, to reduce the damage to a minimum in case it was destroyed by an overwhelming threat? It would also be best to consider many things, do extensive research, consolidate his recent breakthroughs, and make arrangements before passing through the Gates of Shadow.

That said...

'Ah, to heck with it.

The allure of an unexplored Divine Realm-the Realm of Shadows-was too irresistible. Even though Sunny knew that it would be wiser to remain patient, he could not imagine delving into the slow and meticulous process of crafting Memories without satiating his curiosity and fascination first.

How was he supposed to concentrate on weaving intricate patterns of ethereal strings when there was a portal to a literal Divine Realm resting basically in his pocket? And not just to any Divine Realm, either, but one that had belonged to the very god from whom Sunny's powers originated.

It would be way too hard.

Granted, he had no ambitions of going on a true expedition yet. Rather, what Sunny wanted to do was to take a first look at the Shadow Realm and explore it a briefly, simply to know what awaited him there, and from what he would have to protect himself.

With that knowledge, he would be able to prepare for the actual expedition better. He might even want to craft a few specific Memories to help him face the perils of the Shadow Realm, so it had to be done before he dove into weaving.

It had to be done now.

Sunny turned around, walked to the middle of the basement, and outstretched his hand. The Shadow Lantern hung freely from his fingers. Following a mental command, the little morion gate opened, revealing a dark entrance.

He remained motionless for a few moments, absorbed by solemn silence. Then, he looked down, at his shadow.

"... Well, what are you waiting for? Chop-chop! Get inside."

The gloomy stared at him in shock, then pointed at itself with a finger, as if asking..

"Who? Me?"

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Why, of course. I mean, who else? What, did you think that I'll banish my original body to the Shadow Realm?"

He scoffed.

"Of course not. That's the Land of Death, you know!"

The gloomy shadow was dumbstruck for a few moments, then lowered its hands... and slowly clenched its fists, staring at Sunny with a murderous gaze. Sunny ignored its antics and activated Shadow Incarnation, taking direct control of his shadow.

'Here we go.

He glided up his leg, onto his arm, and toward the open gate of the Shadow Lantern.

'Shadow Realm... 

In that short moment before entering the darkness within, Sunny considered what he knew about it.

Truly, it wasn't much, and most of what he did know had come from the description of the Fragment.

[When Shadow made death, he had become death. Everything that Shadow swallowed died, and everything that died was swallowed by Shadow. Death was an absolute law, and thus, that which was everchanging was everchanging no more. Time was an absolute law, and thus, that which was everlasting was everlasting no more. Space was an absolute law, and thus, that which was endless was endless no more. Wielding time, space, and death, the gods defeated and bound their enemies.

However, there were those who defied even absolute laws. One of these beings broke free of the Shadow Realm after being swallowed by it, and in doing so, splintered several small fragments of it. This is one of the fragments]

It was strange, really. The Nightmare Spell seemed to make no distinction between Shadow God, his Domain, his Realm, and death itself. It almost sounded as if the Shadow Realm was located... within Shadow God.

Dying and being swallowed by the God of Death was used interchangeably. Everything that he swallowed died, and everything that died was swallowed by him, thus ending up in the Domain of Shadow... in the Shadow Realm.

So...

'Is Shadow Realm... Shadow God's soul sea?'

The idea did not seem that far-fetched, but it also was not entirely plausible - mainly because Sunny did not know much about the gods, who were unfathomable.

Had the gods even possessed souls of their own?

Had they possessed physical bodies? If so, how had they looked?

Everyone knew that the gods were dead, but where were their corpses? Godgrave was called so because people assumed that the titanic skeleton had once belonged to a god, but Sunny did not share that belief...

A moment before his incarnation entered the Lantern, Sunny suddenly shivered. If he assumed that Shadow Realm was indeed Shadow God's soul sea, or at least a divine equivalent of one...

Then, didn't it sound disturbingly similar to his own lightless soul?

After all, the shadows of everything Sunny killed ended up in his soul sea. In a sense, those he killed were swallowed by him, as well.

He remembered the description of the Shadow Realm, too.

'Everything you cherish, everything you nurture, everything that starts with you will one day be mine, be welcomed by me, swallowed by me, and find peace within me. This is the mercy of Shadow...

The silent shadows contained within the tranquil darkness of Sunny's soul were, indeed... quite peaceful.

His eyes widened a little, and a seed of a thought appeared in his mind.

But before it could blossom and sprout, his incarnation passed through the Gates of Shadow...

And found himself somewhere else.

Sunny gasped.




***
Chapter 1954: Realm of Shadows


***






Sunny found himself standing at the top of a tall mound, with a desolate expanse of dark hills stretching in front of him in all directions. There was no grass, no trees, no moss or flowers. No sign of life at all, just stillness and silence.

It was a stark contrast to the dreadful reaches of Godgrave, where everything was consumed by the sprawling vermilion jungle that teemed with hungry, restless, abominable life. 

The ground was covered in a soft layer of fine black dust, but felt more solid than a sand dune would.

What made him gasp was not the desolate landscape, however, but everything else he perceived.

...There was light.

He had expected the Shadow Realm to be a land of eternal darkness, entirely lightless and covered by a veil of shadows. However, instead, its dark expanse was illuminated by a beautiful silver radiance, as if resting under a starlit sky... it was just that there were no stars.

Looking up, Sunny saw a black sky. At least he assumed that it was a sky — there was no way to tell. There were no stars and no moon, just a seemingly endless expanse of darkness.

However, there were clouds.

Far in the distance, a vast storm front was moving across the dark plain. That was what Sunny wanted to call it, in any case — in truth, the clouds weren't really clouds, and the storm wasn't really a storm.

The clouds weren't formed from water vapor, but from ethereal light particles, instead. Shining with silver radiance, they moved and swirled, as if carried by ghostly winds. The empyrean currents were like beautiful rivers of starlight that illuminated the desolate land, making the immense, ancient shadows populating it flow and dance.

It was a breathtaking sight.

But, more than that... even from a distance, Sunny could feel the terrifying violence of the radiant storm. It was both daunting and chilling, making him want to dive deeper into the embrace of shadows to hide himself.

It was a storm of light.

'No...'

Not light.

Looking closer, Sunny shivered slightly.

Those sparks of silver light... he recognized them for what they were.

It was soul essence.

The storm raging above the dark plain was a storm of essence.

He didn't quite know what to make of it.

At the same time as his eyes were enthralled by the sight of the beautiful, terrible soul storm, Sunny's other senses were flooding his mind with intense sensations, as well.

There was his shadow sense, of course.

As it flowed in all directions, Sunny felt... at home.

He was surrounded by nothing but shadows, all of them indescribably ancient and unfathomably deep. Their dark depths were so vast that he almost felt lost, and so immense that he almost felt cowed by their scale. Their tranquil, slumbering indifference made him feel calm and at peace.

The shadows were his source element, after all.

Here in the Shadow Realm, Sunny felt more spirit essence than ever pour into his soul, soothing and satiating it. It was to a degree that the rate at which he replenished shadow essence had become swift enough for at least one more avatar to be maintained indefinitely, without causing any loss.

'...That's good.'

Sunny strived to maintain a careful balance between expending and replenishing his essence. Maintaining two avatars at all times — the Lord of Shadows and Rain's companion — was what he could do without constantly draining his reserves. So, knowing that he would be able to send one additional incarnation out to explore the Shadow Realm without crossing the line was welcome news.

'Now, then... should I take a look around?'

There did not seem to be immediate danger around him, but Sunny still remained in the form of an incorporeal shadow for now. He could not see any structures or sense any movement nearby, either.

But he felt uneasy, for some reason.

Actually, it was completely reasonable for him to feel ill at ease. The Shadow Realm was supposed to be the land of death, after all. If everything that died ended up here, then...

The shadows of Unholy Titans and horrors beyond description would be here as well, wouldn't they? Sure, those harrowing creatures were supposed to be already dead... but beings of higher Ranks were often above such limitations.

Had Shadow God not blessed him from beyond the grave?

Come to think of it...

Would the shadows of the gods, and the seven daemons, be here as well?

Sunny shivered and carefully glided a few steps forward, nearing the crest of the hill.

'Something... is wrong, I think.'

He was feeling rather strange.

There was no pain and no discomfort, but he definitely felt that something about him was not right.

His unease grew stronger.

'What is it?'

Then, he froze.

If Sunny had eyes at the moment, they would have undoubtedly narrowed.

It was because he saw a tiny mote of silver light slowly rise above his incorporeal form, dancing in the ghostly wind. Then, there was another, and another...

Why was he emanating sparks of soul essence?

That did not make any sense. Not only because he was not supposed to randomly leak essence, but also because Sunny had never possessed soul essence, to begin with — he was rather unique, possessing shadow essence instead.

Following an ominous premonition, Sunny summoned the runes and looked tensely at the counter of his shadow fragments.

A moment later, he felt a hint of terror. His shadow fragments... were dwindling.

The rate was not high, just one or two every moment, but it was unmistakable.

His soul was being drained. 

Not, not quite. It was not being drained — instead, it was slowly disintegrating. It was bizarre and beyond reason, but he could not deny the fact. He was not under a soul attack and was not receiving soul damage, he did not even feel any pain, but his soul was slowly falling apart.

It was being broken down and turned into pure soul essence.

If not for the radiant motes of light, Sunny would not have even suspected anything.

Feeling a sense of terror, he looked into the distance, where the immense soul storm was raging above the dark plain.

A storm comprised of an incalculable number of essence sparks.

If Sunny had hair right now, it would have stood on end.

'D—damnation...'

What the hell was this place?

Following an instinct, Sunny assumed his human form and immediately manifested the Onyx Mantle. A shadow was quite vulnerable, after all, leaving the soul without the protection of a physical body.

Finally, the stream of essence sparks rising above him was cut off.

Sunny trembled and let out a relieved sigh.

'That was close...'

Before he could celebrate his salvation, however, his shadow sense caught a subtle movement a short distance away.

...And then, a black arrow suddenly flashed from the darkness, easily piercing his chest.




***
Chapter 1955: Rude Welcome


***






Sunny was in the heart of the Shadow Realm — a place where he was supposed to have an absolute advantage over his enemies. And yet, he had not sensed the smallest of movements up until the very last moment.

It made sense, in hindsight. 

Who else could exist in this dark and deadly wasteland other than creatures similar to him?

He only sensed the black arrow when it was already too late to dodge it. Sunny only managed to turn his torso a little, bracing for the impact. He had a faint hope that the Onyx Mantle would protect his body — it was a Transcendent armor, after all, its breastplate designed specifically in a way to deflect blows instead of enduring them directly.

However, his hopes were futile.

The arrowhead pierced his armor easily. It pierced his skin and muscles, as well, sliding between his ribs and biting his heart.

If not for that slight last-moment turn, his heart would have been entirely destroyed. Now, it was merely damaged.

A split second later, the arrowhead exited from his back and scraped against the inner surface of the Onyx Mantle. Having wasted its momentum, it failed to break through the stonelike armor again.

Consumed by pain, Sunny was tossed back by the devastating force of the impact. He flew a dozen meters back, fell into the black dust, and rolled down the slope of the hill at terrible speed. The world spun, and he tasted iron on his tongue.

'Ah...'

The shock of the impact was fierce and violent. Being skewered by the arrow hurt like hell.

Worse yet, Sunny had no idea where the enemy was... and who the enemy was. The initiative was entirely on the side of the unseen archer, and they were at least powerful enough to effortlessly break an exceedingly durable Transcendent armor.

Things did not look good for him.

Of course, there was plenty Sunny could do.

Here in the Realm of Shadows, he was unreasonably powerful... in fact, he felt more powerful than ever before, as if the world itself was infusing him with dire strength.

There was an ocean of shadows around him to manifest. There were his Shadows, as well — Saint, Fiend, Serpent. He could call upon them to protect him. There was Shadow Step, and his ability to move great distances in the blink of an eye.

Even without the support of other incarnations and unable to augment himself, Sunny could try to give the deadly enemy hiding in the darkness a good battle. However, he did not.

There was a much safer solution, after all.

...Standing in the basement of the Brilliant Emporium, Sunny looked at the open gate of the Shadow Lantern and summoned his incarnation back.

A moment later, his avatar disappeared from the slope of the dark hill and crashed on the floor of the Marvelous Mimic, letting out a muffled groan, sliding a few meters, and colliding with an empty Memory display stand.

Sunny watched the stand with a pained expression.

Both because he was feeling the avatar's agony and because that damned display had cost him quite a lot back in Bastion.

His first tentative foray into the Shadow Realm... seemed to be over, just like that.

'Well. That's not the best homecoming I could have hoped for, I guess. Not the worst, though, either...'

Walking over to the avatar, who was sprawled on the floor, Sunny looked down at himself with a dark expression.

He considered the few short moments he had spent in the Shadow Realm carefully.

It was... not what he had expected it to be.

That dark land was nebulous and beautiful, but also somehow able to destroy souls. If not for how durable his own soul was, it might have been damaged far more severely... in fact, Sunny had a sinking feeling that without Soul Weave, the damage might have been irreparable.

On top of that, he had gotten an arrow driven through his chest. His heart had almost been pierced clean through.

In fact, the wound would have been fatal for most humans... even Saints. His avatar was only alive because of Blood Weave, which helped him ignore the damage dealt to his heart and keep the blood running through his veins.

For now.

The avatar stared back at him from below, his face pale and his lips red with blood.

Sunny sighed.

"What are you waiting for, fool? Hurry up and turn back into a shadow."

That would not heal his wound, but it would at least prevent the wound from killing his body.

The avatar gritted his teeth, lingered for a moment, and then said in a resentful tone:

"Go to hell, you smug bastard!"

Sunny smiled pleasantly.

Berating himself was still fun.

"We’re already in hell, though.”

With that, he released control of his incarnation and allowed the avatar to become a shadow once again.

Gloomy was a little damaged and seemed rattled by the whole experience, but at least it wasn't vomiting blood.

Sunny sighed and looked at the ceiling.

'I'll... need to ponder a bit before venturing into the Shadow Realm again.'

He lowered his gaze and looked at the darkness hiding behind the open gate of the Shadow Lantern.

His thoughts returned to what he had seen, sensed, and experienced on the other side. It was a little bit overwhelming. However...

Sunny had a feeling that there was something in particular that he was missing at the moment.

Something important.

As a scowl appeared on his face, his shadow stirred on the floor. 

In the next moment, Sunny's eyes widened, and he reeled back.

Almost at the same time, there was a quiet rustle, and another black arrow suddenly shot out of the gate of the Shadow Lantern, missing his head by a hair's breadth.

It struck the ceiling above, tearing a hole in it and making the Marvelous Mimic shudder.

'It... it can follow!' 

Stunned and terrified, Sunny fell on his back. He froze for a moment, dazed, and then hurriedly slammed the gate of the Shadow Lantern shut.

A few moments passed in tense silence, but nothing else happened.

The basement of the Brilliant Emporium was silent and peaceful.

...Sunny’s mind, however, was anything but.

Staring at the Shadow Lantern with a pale face, he inhaled sharply, and then slowly breathed out.

'What... what the hell have I almost brought back from that cursed place?’




***
Chapter 1956: Consider Death


***






In the end, Sunny lost more than he gained from his first venture into the Shadow Realm.

He had gained precious knowledge of what awaited him on the other side of the Gates of Shadow... as well as two black arrows, one smeared in his own blood. After retrieving the second arrow from the ceiling of the dining hall of the Brilliant Emporium, Sunny studied them both with a dark expression.

The arrows were not enchanted in any way. In fact, they looked quite simple, almost makeshift — the shafts were made of dark wood, the arrowheads were cut from obsidian, and the fletching was made from crow feathers. Nevertheless, there was nothing mundane about them.

Just by holding the two black arrows, Sunny could tell that he was holding something mystical. There was a quiet, deadly aura surrounding them, as if the arrows themselves had presence, akin to one a Saint would possess. Each was also much heavier than he would have expected, hinting that the materials used to craft them were not at all ordinary. 

Sunny did not know who had crafted these arrows and from what, but taking a closer look at them, he was not at all surprised that the Onyx Mantle had been pierced.

He had created more than enough Memories to know mystical materials when he saw them. The materials used to fashion the two black arrows... were at least akin to something he would have harvested from a Great Nightmare Creature, but somehow even more daunting.

Even the shadows cast by the arrows were a little threatening.

There was something else about them, as well.

Sunny's expression turned even darker when he sensed something familiar about the black arrows.

If he wasn't wrong... they seemed to be imbued with the killing intent of the unknown shadow stalker, etched with their desire to see the prey die.

The arrows carried their own will.

"Well. I'm still alive, aren't I?"

Better yet, he was now in possession of two supremely lethal arrows. Sunny had many uses for something so precious... who knew, perhaps he would be able to return the favor and sink them into the heart of that damned archer one day. Sadly, he had lost something far more precious in return.

It was not the health of one of his avatars, either...

Grimacing, Sunny glanced at the Shadow Lantern.

It was his ability to use its [Gates of Shadow] enchantment.

Of course, he was still able to send shadows inside or call them back. However, now that the unseen assailant had shown their startling ability to follow shadows back through the gate of the Shadow Lantern, Sunny was wary of opening it again.

Who knew what would crawl out of the Shadow Realm the next time he did? By personally passing through the Gates of Shadow, Sunny seemed to have attracted the attention of at least one creature dwelling there. Now that the shadow archer knew his scent, it would not be impossible for them to wait patiently in the area where the Lantern led to.

Sunny uttered a quiet curse and dismissed the Shadow Lantern.

Now was not a good time to lose one of his most useful tools. The war was raging on, and the battle with the Sovereigns was drawing closer with each passing day.

He would have to step into the Shadow Realm and slay the mysterious archer sooner rather than later.

...But not now.

Now, Sunny had to collect his thoughts and pay attention to his other endeavors. First, his sorcery.

He looked at the destroyed display stand, sighed, and called upon the shadows to clean up the debris.

There was a lot to do, and no time to waste.

As he headed for the warehouse hidden behind the Memory Boutique portion of the Brilliant Emporium's basement, though, Sunny lingered, staring into the distance with a complicated expression.

He was still being tormented by curiosity, wishing to learn the secrets of the Shadow Realm. If anything, his thirst had only grown stronger after witnessing the unforgettable vista of the dark, silent land. But he could wait for a bit before trying to quench it...

Nevertheless, he had to consider something.

He had to consider death.

The soul storm raging in the distance and the strange fact that his own soul had started disintegrating almost immediately after entering the Shadow Realm were obviously connected. In fact, Sunny had an idea of what the storm of soul essence was…

If his shadow had been almost reduced to a whirlwind of essence, then other shadows would be, too. And since the shadows of all living beings that died were supposed to enter the Shadow Realm...

He could safely assume that the soul storm was formed by countless shadows being transformed into essence by the dark expanse of the Shadow Realm. Countless living beings perished every day across the Dream Realm and the waking world. Just here in Godgrave, the constant cycle of the scarlet jungle extending its tendrils to the surface, giving birth to legions of creatures, and being reduced to ash by the incandescent abyss above would probably send an endless stream of shadows to the empty Realm of Shadow God.

Where they would be slowly ground to dust, turning into swirling rivers of essence.

Maybe that essence was then released back into the universe, giving birth to new life...

If so, then Sunny might have just witnessed the inner mechanism of existence. He might have seen the genuine workings of death.

What was death, really?

Death... was a weapon created to fight against the Void and its Corruption.

Death was a tool to bring an end to that which had been endless before.

There was this peculiar detail that he had not really considered before. The souls of Nightmare Creatures were tainted by the vile corruption of the Void. And yet, once a Nightmare Creature was slain, the soul shards retrieved from its body bore no signs of Corruption. No Awakened had ever become corrupted as a result of absorbing soul shards.

Which meant that death somehow cleansed the souls of the Nightmare Creatures from the dark taint of the Void, putting an end to it.

But how could one end something that was supposed to be endless?

Sunny lowered his head and rubbed his face tiredly.

Was he thinking about useless things?

Maybe he was…

But then again, maybe he wasn’t.

Destroying something might end it, but if a thing was indestructible... then transforming it into something new was a kind of end, as well. 

Shadow God had created death, but he had also become death. He swallowed everything that died, and gifted the dead the peace of an end.

Was that peace... the process of being stripped of everything that made a being themselves, grinding their very soul into a river of essence, and releasing that essence back into the world to live anew?

If so, it was a terrifying thought.

But also... a little comforting.

Most of all, it made Sunny think about his own soul, and the shadows that he himself carried within its dark depths.

Was his soul... a weak, tiny seed of a new Shadow Realm?

"Now that is really terrifying."

Shivering, Sunny threw these thoughts out of his head and walked into the material storage of the Brilliant Emporium with determined steps.




***
Chapter 1957: Sorcerer's to do list.


***






Sunny spent the next several hours exploring various mystical materials he had accumulated over the years and considering what, exactly, he was going to craft.

The memories of the Shadow Realm kept creeping into his mind, but he resolutely ignored them and tried to concentrate on the task at hand. Sadly, just as he did, there was another distraction.

It was Aiko, who wanted to know where the large hole in the floor of the dining hall had come from.

Sparing his bewildered assistant a neutral gaze, Sunny turned back to the shelves and gave her a non-committal shrug.

«Oh, you know. I just happened to find the Gates of Death, by accident, and decided to take a quick look at what was on the other side. It was quite pretty, actually… sadly, my soul kept disintegrating, and someone shot an arrow through my heart. So, I took offense, and left.»

He sighed. 

«But I sort of forgot to close the door after returning. As you can see… we lost a bit of flooring as a result. And an entire display case! The fancy one with silver inlays and tempered glass…»

Aiko stared at him for a while, then lowered her head tiredly.

«Uh-huh. I see.»

Her gaze naturally settled on the two black arrows lying on a table nearby. She studied them for a moment, then shivered.

«W-what's that?»

Sunny glanced her way absentmindedly.

«Oh, those? Those are arrows from Death's Realm. By the way, can you go clean the one on the left? I got it wet… you know, with my heart blood.»

Then, he scratched the back of his head and added in a doubtful tone:

«Actually, scratch that. Don't clean it… in fact, don’t touch it at all. It's imbued with a little bit of death's essence, so who knows what will happen if you do?»

Sunny was a Saint, but Aiko was merely an Awakened. He still remembered always being killed by a mere glimpse of Nether's killing intent, frozen in the reflections of the Great River. So, it was better to keep these arrows away from her… just in case.

The petite girl gave the black arrows a tense look and took a hurried step away.

«H-ha! You and your jokes, boss. Ha-ha!»

Nevertheless, she then took another step back and even floated up a little.

Glancing at Sunny, Aiko hesitated for a moment, then hastily left the warehouse.

He nodded.

«Probably a good decision…»

With that, Sunny returned to his thoughts.

Weaving. There were a lot of Memories that he wanted to create.

His end goal was the sword he had promised Nephis… a blade to slay the gods. Both figuratively and literally. That sword was meant to accompany her into the battle against the Sovereigns, but Sunny was looking further than that. He was looking to what would happen after the Sovereigns were gone — to the time she would be Sacred, and then Divine.

Aside from the sword, Sunny also wanted to craft a few Memories for himself. He wanted to create several soulbound charms, in particular, so that the [Underworld Armament] trait of the Onyx Armor would be finally put to use again. He had some ideas, but wasn't certain what these charms would be just yet. He also did not know how many of them he wanted to create…

One would be enough, but seven would be better. That way, each of his incarnations would be able to use a unique soulbound charms, and all of them would be able to use the charms simultaneously.

«Do I even have enough imagination to invent seven suitable charms?»

He was still determined to only use Memories for convenience or to better express his own power, not borrow power from the Memories themselves.

In any case, it was too early to think about crafting the charms. He had not even discovered a way to bind Memories to souls yet, anyway — so, planning to forge them was a bit premature.

Then, there was Saint. Unlike his other Shadows, she could use Memories too. Not any type of Memory, though — only weapons and charms. The graceful stone knight had the ability to either manifest weapons from her darkness or augment existing weapons with it. Currently, she was only doing the former, but doing the latter could push her to even greater strength.

And, just like Sunny, her armor could augment the enchantments of a single charm. 

Finally, there was Rain. His sister had been suffering a lot since coming to Godgrave. She had endured many harrowing battles, surviving against all odds when surrounded by Nightmare Creatures far more powerful than her… every soldier in this godforsaken place had. She had also killed quite a number of abominations, and since the Nightmare Spell could not reward her, Sunny had to take its place.

These ones were probably the easiest for him to forge due to her low Rank. Handing Rain Memories of higher Ranks was… an option, but not a very good one. Both because her pool of essence would be swiftly drained by their power-hungry enchantments and because she would not be able to wield them very effectively.

Plus, she would learn to rely on the Memories provided by Sunny too much, which would stunt her own growth.

There was also the matter of people questioning where a young Awakened with no backing had received Memories of great power. Not only would that cast suspicion on Rain, but there was a slight danger that someone would decide to try taking them from her.

Her safety was already guaranteed by his presence by her side, so Sunny did not want to overdo it with her equipment.

«I'll start with crafting something for Rain.»

That would be a good start, as well as something that would allow him to realize his recent insights.




***
Chapter 1958: Practice run.


***






Sunny had a lot to consider.

He wanted to give Rain the best chance of, if not thriving, then at least standing on her own in the war between Song and Valor. The problem was that there were only a handful of individuals in the world who could stand their ground in the sweltering hell of Godgrave.

The rest of them — the Awakened soldiers, the Ascended officers, even the Transcendent generals — were really out of their depth. They were not meant to be here, in the middle of a harrowing Death Zone, and they were definitely not meant to spill each other's blood for the benefit of two callous Sovereigns.

If even Saints could not guarantee their survival in the war, then mere Awakened like Rain could only rely on luck and good fortune to survive. Of course, Rain had her faithful shadow companion to keep her safe… but she did not quite know how far her teacher was willing to go to protect her.

It was so by design. Sunny had intentionally made himself look eccentric and unreliable in front of her, so that she wasn't stifled in his vast shadow.

Still, he could think of a few things that would help Rain in the days and months to come. 

He thought back to his experiences on the Forgotten Shore, and the Memories he had relied on to survive there.

In a sense, Godgrave and the Forgotten Shore were somewhat alike. The latter was a dire crucible in which the Dreamers of the Dark City had been forged into unparalleled warriors… those of them who survived, of course. Even Aiko was someone far more dangerous and capable than an average Awakened was, despite her outwardly whimsical and cowardly appearance.

The former was much the same for the soldiers of the two great armies. Those of them who were destined to survive would come out much more fearsome and stalwart on the other side.

So, Sunny could very well look to his own experience to determine what Rain needed the most at the moment.

The nature of the war was also changing. Before, during its early stage, the dangers his sister had faced were predominantly those posed by the Dream Realm itself. The scarlet jungle, the incandescent white abyss above, the hordes of powerful Nightmare Creatures that her weapons could barely harm…

But things would be different now. The two Domains had already established themselves on the bones of the dead deity, which meant that one day very soon, the clashes between their soldiers would become far more frequent. There would be bloody skirmishes, devious ambushes, and large — scale battle fought under the grey veil of clouds. Fighting against humans was very different from fighting against Nightmare Creatures, especially if Rain was unfortunate enough to face a Master or a Saint on the battlefield.

…Killing humans was also very different from killing Nightmare Creatures.

Sunny himself was not even sure how he would handle the next stage of the Domain war due to that.

No, he could not even call it the Domain War anymore. Now that the House of Night had been wiped out, and the government had been forced to break its neutrality, there was no party uninvolved in the war — the whole world was dragged into the conflict between the King of Swords and the Queen of Worms. Both of the worlds, really… so, it was a World War.

Or a Realm War, to be precise.

Mostly because Sunny had been a little negligent in his role as a surrogate replacement of the Nightmare Spell.

«So, what does Rain need the most?»

There were several areas that needed improvement.

The first and the most obvious one was her lacking ability to slay enemies of higher Ranks. Most Nightmare Creatures of Godgrave were Transcendent, so many Awakened were physically incapable of harming them.

Of course, local abominations were also strange, since they were born weaker than most creatures of their Rank, then matured and gained true strength in a matter of days — at least on the surface. That was how the two great armies had been able to push the scarlet jungle back, slaying these Nightmare Creatures before the enemy could come into their natural power.

Nevertheless, Rain could use a weapon that was capable of piercing the hides of even mature abominations with at least some degree of ease.

Considering that her weapon of choice was a bow, that meant arrows. Sunny glanced at the two black arrows, then shook his head.

If even Aiko wasn't safe handling them, Rain wouldn't be, either.

The second area that needed improvement was Rain's defense. 

The Puppeteer's Shroud was a good armor, but it wasn't the most durable of them. Its main benefits were that it was light, sufficiently resilient, and protected one's mind. Better yet, it had an invigorating effect on someone's mind as well, helping its master deal better with mental fatigue — which was perhaps the most valuable gift Sunny could have given Rain in a dreadful war.

That said, he had not anticipated that she would keep ending up in the midst of a melee so often when transferring the Puppeteer's Shroud. Wasn't she supposed to be an archer?! Why was his sister constantly fighting side by side with that girl, Tamar of Sorrow?

Sunny grimaced and shook his head.

Then again, he had been supposed to be a stealthy assassin, too. Life never went the way one wanted it to go…

The Puppeteer's Shroud had seemed sufficient at the start of the war. But now that the two great armies were about to clash, Rain would be going into battle against humans… against Awakened. She would be exposed to countless Aspects, and those were varied and unpredictable.

So, she needed to both bolster her overall defenses and gain resistances against a varied array of attacks, from relatively simple elemental ones to more strange and sophisticated forms of harm.

Sunny hesitated for a while, looking around the crowded warehouse. Then, he nodded.

«Arrows, defensive equipment, utility Memories.»

He had his work cut out for him.




***
Chapter 1959: In the bag.


***






Sunny had woven many Memories in the past. However, today, he had an entirely new goal —weave something entirely new without relying on imitation.

In theory, he was ready for that challenge. His foundation was quite solid — firstly, he had meticulously studied countless weaves, so his mental library of string patterns was sufficiently vast. Secondly, he had spent numerous hours pouring over these patterns, trying to discern how they worked.

These efforts allowed him enough insight to change and modify the weaves he was familiar with however he saw fit… well, maybe not. Although Sunny could indeed achieve a lot, he was still somewhat limited in the scale and scope of such alterations.

For now.

Lastly, there was his new ability to fuse with the Memories in his possession, which allowed him to fathom the connection between the weaves and the enchantments they produced on a much deeper level. 

It was that last gain that was supposed to give him the push he needed to break free from his past limitations.

Sunny looked around the material storage, then walked over to the section containing various leathers — which he had made himself from the hides of Nightmare Creatures over the years.

Choosing a roll that wasn't too valuable, he considered it for a moment. Of course, the low value of this leather was relative — Sunny could afford to disregard it, but it would be a real treasure for most Awakened, and more than a few Masters as well.

Nodding in satisfaction, Sunny picked up the roll of leather, then found a few more materials and left for the workshop. Once there, Sunny unrolled the leather, traced it roughly, and then swiftly cut it. The material was durable enough to resist enchanted weapons, but he effortlessly sliced through it using nothing but his nail.

After that, Sunny got to work.

Sitting down, he manifested four more hands. These shadow hands were responsible for weaving threads of essence, while his original pair was handling the leather.

Funnily enough, Sunny also summoned Weaver's Needle. Today, it had some mundane stitching to do…

Slowly, a leather backpack took shape in his hands. The backpack was on the smaller side, but crafted with utmost care — in fact, it could quite easily compete with the most luxurious leather bags sold by famous fashion designers in the waking world. That was how good his craftsmanship had become…

After paying a ridiculous amount of credits for what would eventually become the [Overpriced Saddle], Sunny had given a solemn vow to never be robbed blind like that again and learn how to handle leather himself. The name of that Memory was not a joke, but rather an expression of his deep, inconsolable anguish!

He continued to focus on his work. When Sunny needed additional tools, he manifested them from shadows. When he needed thread, he used the diamond thread from the Ebony Tower. Eventually, all that was left was to add the clasps to hold the flap of the backpack tightly closed when moving.

Finishing that, he gave the backpack an appreciative look.

«Damn… it's a shame I can't sell you right now.»

Aiko already had the combat equipment market

on the Valor side of Godgrave basically cornered, but no one said that they could not expand into fashion… people longed to look good even in the middle of an apocalyptic war, after all. Take Kai, for example, who chose his armor based on how pretty it was.

«That fool…»

Shaking his head regretfully, Sunny walked over to a massive chest and opened its lid, revealing a radiant pile of soul shards. Most of his fortune was safely stored in the Nameless Temple, but he had plenty of shards at hand here, as well.

Fishing out a few Ascended shards from the pile, Sunny returned to his workbench. He did not know yet how many anchors his weave would need, so it was better to be safe than sorry.

Then, he summoned the Endless Spring, put it down, and gave it a complicated look.

Sunny had always suspected that the beautiful glass bottle was, at its core, a spatial storage Memory akin to the Covetous Coffer. However, after exploring it recently, he realized that he could not have been further from the truth.

The Endless Spring was… unique, to say the least. In hindsight, it was a truly remarkable Memory, far beyond what other enchanted tools of its Rank and Class were supposed to be. But then again, Cassie — the person who had initially received it from the Spell — was quite an unusual Awakened herself.

Considering that her Aspect was of the almost unheard of Sacred Rank, the Nightmare from where the Endless Spring had come must have been a remarkable trial, as well.

In any case, the Endless Spring could not help Sunny with what he was trying to do at the moment.

The Marvelous Mimic, however, did.

So, Sunny augmented his Shadow instead of the beautiful glass bottle.

He wanted to create a spatial storage Memory for Rain, and for that, there was no better reference point than the Covetous Coffer, which the Marvelous Mimic had been born of.

Sunny closed his eyes and sighed, contemplating the next step… all the while continuing to weave threads of shadow essence with his additional hands, of course. 

Space was an absolute law, so violating it was no easy task. He wasn't sure that there were Memories out there that could achieve that, but if there were, they must have been of the Divine Rank. He was far from being capable of creating something like that.

Luckily, there were plenty of ways to manipulate space without violating its laws.

The original Covetous Coffer had done just that, and the Marvelous Mimic inherited this ability. It contained an independent space within itself — a pocket dimension, basically — and at the same time served as a portal between the larger world and that space. More than that…

Sunny leaned back with a contemplative expression.

In some sense, the Covetous Coffer had also been a soulbound Memory. Not to the same degree as and in a different way than the Mantle of the Underworld, but its capacity to mimic various objects, as well as the volume of its inner space, had depended on the potency of its master's soul.

That was definitely something Sunny had to explore further. Even if he could not repeat what Nether had done with the Mantles, there were still ways for him to achieve the desired effect.

In any case, creating an independent dimension and then connecting it to the world through a Memory was still a difficult task. Sunny was confident that he could do it, if given enough time for research and experimentation… but Rain did not need something that sophisticated, and there was a much easier way.




***
Chapter 1960: Master Weaver.


***






Sunny could simply trap a bit of space within the backpack, making it much larger on the inside than it was on the outsider. Of course, that would create several problems of its own, which he would then need to solve.

For example, there was the issue of weight — a simple Memory like that would be able to contain many items, but it would also weigh accordingly. Having a spatial storage Memory was of little use if its master could not lift it, after all. Luckily, Sunny had long mastered enchantments that manipulated weight. By adding a simplified version of the [Feather of Truth], he would be able to give the backpack the ability to reduce the weight of all items stored inside.

Then, there was the issue of continuity. Effie had actually possessed a spatial storage Memory of her own long before the Black Beast Locket, all the way back on the Forgotten Shore. However, it possessed a glaring Flaw when compared to the Covetous Coffer — once it was dismissed, everything inside was tossed to the ground instead of being safely stored within her soul.

The same would be true for the leather backpack, unless Sunny came up with countermeasures.

«Huh…»

He had to weave plenty more shadow threads, so there was enough time to think. 

«Actually… I feel that the answer is hidden in the rudimentary enchantments that all Memories possess. The most basic of them — the ability to dismiss a Memory and manifest it again from essence. If I can somehow make the backpack treat everything stored inside of it as a false Memory… maybe a part of itself? That's worth exploring…»

He mentally planned out the desired enchantments in his head.

Just like with the backpack itself, which was made from leather, but required many little details to be added — like clasps, pockets, decorations, and so on — the fundamental weave also needed many additions to perform well.

There was a lot to think about.

Eventually, though, Sunny took a deep breath and concentrated on the backpack, peering beneath its surface.

He was ready… as ready as he would ever be.

The tentative design of the weave was fleshed out in his mind. Unlike how he had done it before, meticulously imagining every twist and turn of each single thread of essence, Sunny did it differently this time.

Instead of a precise and clear image, the weave in his head was more… abstract. There were clearly defined sections, those that were responsible for the overall structure and framework of the entire tapestry. There were also several precisely mapped patterns, mostly the smaller ones.

However, there were also segments that were loose and vague, more of a concept than a detailed solution.

Those, he was going to finish in the process, following his knowledge, intuition, and inspiration.

Before starting, Sunny cleansed his mind, bringing it to a state of clarity — something he usually only did when going into battle, but which felt strangely appropriate.

Then, he picked up Weaver's Needle and one of the soul shards…

And started to weave.

Sunny started slowly, creating the framework of the weave and its rudimentary enchantments. In the process, he dove deeper into the state of unity with the Marvelous Mimic, exploring its connection to space.

Of course, the Marvelous Mimic was a Shadow now, not a Memory. But Sunny remembered the spellweave of the Covetous Coffer quite well. By becoming the Mimic, he could mentally connect its traits and Attributes to the corresponding patterns on the Coffer.

«I think… I understand…»

Following an intense spark of inspiration, Sunny entered the state of flow and switched to the conceptual patterns of essence strings he had loosely planned. It was not absolute improvisation… rather, it was a guided improvisation that sought to invent the correct connections between the concepts and elements of the weave he had prepared in advance, forming the functional pattern out of them.

There was a strange, unfathomable, and beautiful logic to weaving that Sunny did not quite understand, but could feel intuitively. It felt close now, just out of reach now.

He was the heir of Weaver, after all.

Armed with that intuitive kinship, the deep well of theoretical knowledge he had built, and the state of unity with the Marvelous Mimic, Sunny used all six of his hands to form the intricate patterns of essence threads.

At some point, his eyes widened.

«This… this is it!»

As if by magic, the chaotic mess of strings was slowly forming into a harmonious tapestry, giving birth to order. The correct decisions were just… clicking together. In that moment, Sunny fully felt the nature of a spellweave, where everything was tied together and interconnected.

Resolving one problem led to a solution to another, which hinted at how to deal with two more. Like that, a cascade of understanding was born, helping him deal with dilemmas that he had no prior knowledge of, and pushing the weave to its final form.

«It's… wonderful…»

Finally, many hours later, Sunny let out a long sigh and dismissed the shadow hands, looking at the beautifully crafted leather backpack with satisfaction.

He had succeeded.

He had created a spatial storage Memory — not by copying a pattern created by the Spell, and not even by altering one.

Instead, he had enchanted the backpack simply by having a sufficient understanding of the fundamental rules of weaving, graduating from imitation to originality.

This was his first entirely original Memory. Sunny smiled tiredly.

«Hell. Am I a bona fide master weaver now?»

His skill was at least on par with that of the unknown sorcerer who had created Ananke's Mantle, and even superior to it in many regards.

And it would only continue to grow.

In fact, he was about to enter a period of explosive growth. The sky was the limit.

Well… maybe here in Godgrave, that phrase was not the best to use.

In any case…

There was one last step left.

Sunny stared at the leather backpack lovingly.

«What should I call you, huh?»

He intended for Rain to use it well.

Sunny scratched his chin.

What was the purpose of a spatial storage Memory?

Obviously, it was to hold things. 

Not just hold things, of course, but hold it away from the grabby hands of other humans.

And here, in front of him, was basically a leather bag.

Sunny's eyes glistened, and he raised a finger into the air.

«Ah, I know!»

It was so obvious.

He nodded in satisfaction, as if having arrived at a perfect answer.

«I shall name you… the Bag of Withholding!»




***
Chapter 1961: Soul of a poet.


***






Several more days passed… Sunny would have lost count of how many, honestly, if not for the fact that two of his incarnations were out there in the world — one marching with the Song Army, the other preparing to raid and destroy its supply lines.

He had spent these days immersed in weaving. 

At some point, Aiko delivered a collection of Memories to the basement of the Brilliant Emporium. Some of them she had purchased and was about to resell; some had come from the Fire Keepers. Sunny had to take breaks to rest his boiling mind, replenish essence, and weave more shadow threads, so he spent his breaks studying these Memories.

With each Memory he merged with, his insights grew.

Almost two weeks had passed since his battle with Revel. The Marvelous Mimic had long since healed the hole made in the floor of the dining hall by the black arrow, and Nephis was set to arrive any moment now.

Letting out a tired sigh, Sunny took a step back and looked at the Memories resting on the workbench in front of him.

The first of them was the [Bag of Withholding], the spatial storage Memory that had helped him advance his sorcery to a new level.

Next to it was a canteen that looked like it was made from green copper, housed in a black leather sleeve with an intricate image of a coiling serpent etched into it. There were some decorative patterns on the canteen itself, all following the same theme.

In truth, Sunny had crafted it from the leftover scraps of the Huntsman's axe. The canteen was a kind of storage Memory, as well, albeit quite different from the Bag of Withholding — it could store a great volume of water and purify it. Needless to say, it was his crude attempt at replicating the Endless Spring.

The [Knockoff Endless Spring] had been considered, but eventually dismissed.

Crafting the [Green Canteen] had not taken him much time, actually. However, unlike the original, it had to be filled by hand — so, Sunny sent Aiko to do just that. The canteen could really contain a lot of water, so his poor assistant had to spend an entire day filling it under the confused gazes of the Fire Keepers. They even chased her off the Ivory Island when the water level of the lake started to drop…

The third Memory Sunny had crafted for Rain had a very simple enchantment but was exceedingly difficult to devise. In terms of complexity, it might have been the most troublesome of them all, forcing Sunny to really strain himself mentally.

It was a long strip of black silk that could be used as a sash or a scarf, decorated with subtle embroidery. After thinking for a while, Sunny had named it [In Case of Emergency].

The [In Case of Emergency] was meant to serve as a safeguard against a very particular peril — the incinerating radiance of the white abyss that hung above Godgrave. Its function was indeed simple — if given a mental command, it would instantly turn the person wearing it completely still.

After all, Rain could potentially topple after a few hours of immobility due to running out of essence, which would render the entire Memory useless. So, Sunny had tried hard and eventually managed to make the [In Case of Emergency] consume less essence than any Awakened could replenish naturally, thus making its enchantment somewhat passive — as long as it was used by a person of Rain’s weight.

That was it for the utility Memories Sunny had prepared. Pressed for time, he eventually had to turn his attention to other areas.

Next to the neatly rolled sash were three arrows, each possessing a unique enchantment.

They were [Heavy Blow], [Outskirts at Noon], and [Don't Cut Yourself]. All three had black shafts crafted from the charred wood of the Burned Forest. The fletching and arrowheads, however, were different.

The [Heavy Blow] had grey fletching and an arrowhead forged from dull metal. Its enchantment was a vastly improved version of the [Burden of Peace] — one of the enchantments of the sorely missed [Morgan's Warbow]. Once the arrow pierced the flesh of the enemy, its master could pour out their essence to make it immensely heavy. The more essence spent, the heavier the arrow would become.

[Heavy Blow] was meant to slow powerful enemies down.

The [Outskirts at Noon] was also meant to debilitate a strong enemy, but in a much more insidious way. Its fletching was white, and its arrowhead was carved out of bone — a shard of bone Sunny had picked up here in Godgrave. Although its enchantment was his original creation, it was inspired by the [Blessing of Dusk] from the Shroud of Graceless Dusk.

What Sunny had done was store a mental image inside the arrow — a mental copy of the overwhelming disorientation he had experienced after enveloping the outskirts of NQSC with his shadow sense for the first time. Once the arrow struck true, this terrible cacophony of sensations was projected into the victim’s mind, hopefully causing complete sensory overload.

Outskirts at Noon was meant to daze the enemy. The master of the arrow could continue to expend essence to sustain the disorienting effect.

Finally, there was the [Don't Cut Yourself]. Its arrow and arrowhead were green, the latter forged from the same metal as the [Beast of Prey] and the [Green Canteen].

Unlike the other two arrows, which were meant to debilitate enemies, this one was meant to kill. It carried a deadly toxin, infecting the blood of those pierced by its sharp arrowhead. The longer the master of the arrow fed the enchantment with essence, the more poisoned the enemy would become. The harm dealt by the toxin was cumulative, so it was a perfect weapon for Rain, who mostly faced enemies far above her in terms of power. Even though she was much weaker, with enough determination and tenacity, she would be able to slowly kill even the most terrifying of the jungle beasts.

In fact, Sunny had created all three arrows while thinking about how to help his sister deal with Nightmare Creatures that she had no business fighting yet had no choice but to fight.

Sadly, the arrows had active enchantments, so she would have to be tactical about when and how to use them. Nevertheless, he would give her effective tools to choose from, at least.

Lastly, there were the defensive Memories he had crafted.

One of them looked quite unassuming — it was a polished piece of volcanic glass hanging on a leather cord. It was a powerful charm that could passively bestow a moderate degree of resistance to elemental attacks upon its wielder or a high degree of protection if used actively. Better yet, the master of the charm could limit the scope of what resistances were active, thus augmenting them even further. As a bonus, it could either cool the wielder down in case of heat or warm them up in case of severe cold.

Sunny had called the charm the [Piece de Resistance].

…He had no idea what these words meant, exactly, but it sounded fancy and vaguely fitting.

Apart from the charm, Sunny had also crafted a Memory inspired by the chainmail shirt Nephis used to wear — which was a unique piece of enchanted armor that could be worn atop or below other Memories of that type.

The Memory he had devised was designed to augment the defensive properties of the Puppeteer’s Shroud and was made from black, lusterless leather. There was also a lining of light, dark-grey chainmail to make the entire ensemble more durable, effectively adding a second, hidden layer of physical protection to the Puppeteer’s Shroud.

He had called it the [Safety First].

These were all the Memories Sunny had crafted for Rain.

His gaze shifted to one more item lying on the workbench.

It was a bracelet much like his own.

However… Sunny had not been able to finish it yet. He needed Cassie's help to complete the weave of this unassuming, but deeply complicated Memory. 

«Still… I have outdone myself this time, if I do say so myself.»

A faint smile appeared on Sunny’s face.

He couldn’t wait to present these Memories to Rain!

There was just one thing that bothered him, though…

Sunny frowned, then summoned the runes and glanced at the list of his own Memories.

[Shadow Chair], [Overpriced Saddle], [Weaver’s Needle], [Handy Bracelet], [Quintessence Pearl], [Definitely Not Me]…

His gaze shifted to the Memories he had crafted in the last few days. [Bag of Withholding], [Green Canteen], [In Case of Emergency], [Don’t Cut Yourself], [Outskirts at Noon], [Safety First]…

He closed his eyes and let out a quiet sigh.

There was no denying it.

«I guess… I have a poetic soul, too…»

Sunny was starting to understand how he and Rain had ended up with their weird names.




***
Chapter 1962: Darkest shadow.


***






Sunny massaged his tired shoulders and yawned. As a Saint — and quite a special one at that — he did not tire easily. Still, this latest marathon had been a little exhausting. From battling Revel to fusing with Shadows and Memories, to weaving without rest for a week straight... his mind was in dire need of respite. 

Particularly because neither the Lord of Shadows nor Rain's teacher had any time to rest, either.

Shaking his head, Sunny picked up the [Bag of Withholding], opened its clasp, and stored the rest of the Memories inside. With that done, he finally left the basement of the Brilliant Emporium, expecting to crash onto his lavish bed on the second floor and go to sleep.

However, before that, he walked over to the entrance and returned the Silver Bell to its usual place above the door.

"There. All better."

Sunny stared at the bell for a few moments.

'It's a little funny.'

He had expressed regret about not having a home before, which prompted Noctis — another displaced Saint — to give his heartfelt and thoughtful advice. Noctis himself had built the Sanctuary and made it his home, while Sunny...

Sunny had the Brilliant Emporium.

It really showed how pathological he was, making a home that was literally capable of following him around wherever he went, so that he would never lose it again.

It worked pretty great, though. He was still living comfortably in his cottage despite leaving Bastion and coming to Godgrave, after all.

Sunny smiled.

'...I might be a genius.'

He briefly wondered how the Marvelous Mimic would look one day in the distant future. Would he and Nephis be living together by then? Hopefully, yes.

Imagining an idle life with Neph in this cozy cottage made Sunny's smile widen. Surely, he would have to make some alterations to the interior. She would definitely need a closet of her own... more than that, knowing Neph, she would need a training ground first. Several rooms would have to be added. Another bathroom, an office, a library...

A... a nursery?

Sunny coughed.

But then, his smile dimmed a little.

'Right.'

If the two of them were to even have a future, they would be Supreme. Which meant that Nephis would be a queen — the sole ruler of humanity, most likely, responsible for all the human territory in the Dream Realm and their slowly collapsing homeworld as well.

A queen could not live in a modest cottage.

Sunny sighed.

'It's not a problem, though.'

There was another great thing about the Marvelous Mimic — it could change shapes. The size and intricacy of its shape depended on the potency of Sunny's soul, so by the time he was a Sovereign, his cottage could very well be turned into a palace.

Sunny rubbed his face.

He was thinking about strange things.

'Time to get some sleep.'

Turning around, he headed for the stairs. But before he could reach them, the Silver Bell rang, and Aiko entered the dining hall with a happy smile on her face.

Noticing him, she froze.

"Boss! You're out of the basement?"

'She doesn't have to sound so surprised... it's not like I'm some kind of a basement dweller!'

Sunny studied her for a few moments, then nodded.

"Yeah. Why are you so happy?"

The petite girl grinned.

"Oh... Saint Tyris is finally back at the camp. Which means that there won't be any Cloudbreaks, at least for a while. Bah, they are so annoying... I was on my way to the bathroom the last time one happened, and it lasted for four damned hours!"

Sunny gave her an unamused look.

"Thanks for sharing. I could have done without knowing that last detail, though."

But then, the meaning of what she had said finally dawned on him.

'Saint Tyris is back...'

Sky Tide had been traveling with Neph's party.

Which meant that Nephis was back, too...

His eyes brightened.

'Finally!'

Smiling, Sunny forgot about Aiko, turned around, and headed for the door.

After thinking for a bit, though, he used Shadow Step to jump to the second floor of the Brilliant Emporium.

He had been stuck in the basement for two weeks, after all... and looked accordingly.

Meeting Nephis in such an unsavory state was simply unacceptable.

'First, a shower...'

***

Sunny was understandably excited to see Nephis return... but so was the entire Sword Army.

Currently, it was split between two camps. Most of the soldiers remained in the main camp, while the former expedition force was settling in the secondary camp on the breastbone of the dead deity.

Now that Nephis and her party were back, the deployment of troops would probably change —after all, the very reason why it had taken her so long to return was because she was supposed to have secured a wider and safer path for the soldiers to move between the two camps on the way.

The secondary camp would serve as the spearhead of the war against the Song Army, while the main camp would become its bastion in the rear. Similarly, the troops currently stationed in the depths of the Breastbone Reach were the most experienced soldiers of the Sword Army, having endured the hellish expedition to subjugate the Vanishing Lake Citadel — which was the name people had settled on after Nephis burned most of the Citadel down during the fight against Moonveil.

The ones who had stayed in the main camp experienced plenty of battles, as well, slowly claiming the eastern expanse of the Collarbone Plain and battling the scarlet infestation. However, they only knew about the harrowing journey of the expedition force and the devastating battle for the Vanishing Lake from rumors.

Sunny did not know who had been responsible for the rumors — the elders of Clan Valor, who wished to bolster morale, or Cassie herself — but they painted quite a heroic picture of Summer Knight, the Lord of Shadows, and Changing Star... especially the latter two.

Although he had spent most of his time locked away in the basement, he still knew what was being said about the Lord of Shadows. If Sunny had not been the nebulous Saint himself, he would have come to believe that the Lord of Shadows was quite an awesome figure.

Mysterious, immensely powerful, and chillingly ruthless. A dauntless warrior who wielded darkness and death as weapons, leading a cohort of dreadful creatures to massacre and slaughter countless hordes of abominations... and, at the same time, a calculating and cunning commander who kept his soldiers alive in the face of most dire odds.

'Well... I am a little awesome, indeed.'

Sunny sometimes forgot how unbelievably powerful he was — which he couldn't be blamed for, really, considering how the caliber of the enemies he faced always seemed to evolve and reach comically unreasonable levels of power faster than he did.

But from the point of view of an ordinary Awakened, the Lord of Shadows would indeed appear as an absolutely monstrous existence, someone whose dark and dreadful power defied all reason and logic.

The soldiers of the Sword Army would naturally feel blessed to have him fighting for their side. The soldiers of the Song Army, meanwhile, would soon learn to be terrified of shadows.

...Luckily, none of them knew that the Lord of Shadows was merely half of Sunny, wielded no more than half of his true power.

If they did, they wouldn't have been able to sleep in peace.




***
Chapter 1963: Brightest star.


***






Of course, no matter how much fame the Lord of Shadows had earned, it could not be compared to the radiant renown of Changing Star, the last daughter of the Immortal Flame clan.

It was understandable. By their very nature, one was meant to shine brightly, while the other was meant to stay hidden and unnoticed. Additionally, the Lord of Shadow was still a stranger, while Nephis was the living idol for most of these people.

They had known and admired her family from decades ago, grew to care about Nephis after her incredible feat on the Forgotten Shore, cheered and celebrated when she returned from her long and lonesome journey across the Dream Realm as a Master, and learned to rely on her and her sword in the years that passed since the Chain of Nightmares.

Nephis had a bond with humanity that Sunny lacked.

So, it was natural that the entire camp of the Sword Army was excited to see her return.

Funnily enough... Sunny knew that she was quite popular in the camp of the Song Army, as well.

It was a bit strange, considering that Changing Star was an enemy to the warriors of Song, but also somewhat expected, since the same bond that existed between her and the soldiers of the Sword Army existed between her and the soldiers of the Song Army, too.

Plus, everyone in the Song camp knew that Nephis was the only one among the champions of Valor who had protested the King's decision to declare war on the Song Domain.

Cassie had probably made sure that they did.

As a result, the soldiers of the Song Army did not particularly hate Nephis. They showed anger and contempt when speaking about all the other Saints of the Sword Domain, and especially the King of Swords himself, but harbored no such feelings toward Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan.

Instead, when they spoke of her, there was just... melancholy, and a bit of regret.

It was especially so for Rain. She rarely mentioned Nephis and her companions, but Sunny knew that his sister felt a complicated mess of emotions in that regard — after all, she remembered knowing them, even if in her mind, it was because Effie had briefly lived in a neighboring house.

She remembered being taught by Nephis and Kai, being friendly with Effie, and meeting Cassie a few times. Knowing that they were her enemies now, and that she might meet them on a battlefield one day... was a difficult conflict to navigate.

Then again, that was how every soldier in Godgrave felt. Although the war between Anvil and Ki Song was positioned as a conflict between two independent Domains, it was in fact a bitter civil war at its core.

Everyone knew and valued someone in the other army. Friends had been forced to become reluctant enemies, and in some cases, even family members found themselves fighting on different sides.

That was the nature of being an Awakened — most of them had not chosen the region of the Dream Realm they called home. Instead, the Nightmare Spell had chosen for them, and relatively few were capable of traveling between distant Citadels, let alone crossing the Stormsea, employing the services of a Saint, or gaining access to a Dream Gate to reach the other Domain.

It was the same for Master Orum, whose clan had no choice but to become a vassal of Valor simply because their Citadel was situated in the East. If the Spell had sent him west of Godgrave, he would not have had to become a traitor and die in a dark cell — he would have simply supported Ki Song, his queen, openly and proudly.

So, there were a lot of rumblings in both of the great armies. Now that the initial chaos had settled and the day when humans would have to spill each other's blood was approaching, many felt resentment and trepidation about the entire situation.

But what could they do? The great Supremes had made a decision, and little people like them could not go against it even if they wished to.

Sunny believed that the discontent would only grow worse as the war went on and the wounds it dealt to soldiers mounted, leaving countless scars on their hearts... he was relying on that, actually. The war was an appalling affair, after all, and its horrors would only become more vile in the months to come.

The more disillusioned with the rule of the Sovereigns the valiant warriors of both Domains became, the more willing they would be to accept Neph's regicidal rebellion.

...Judging by how excited the soldiers were to see her return, things were progressing according to plan, at least for now.

The fame and esteem of the Lord of Shadows would help Nephis, as well. The more respected and feared he was, the more legitimate her claim to power would seem — after all, strength was the foundation of legitimacy in this violent world, and being able to lure someone that strong to her side would become the best proof of her personal power.

Sunny had abandoned the Ivory Island and came to the gates of the warcamp to watch Neph's party enter, mixing with the crowd. There were excited voices all around him...

"They're back!"

"Look, it's her! Lady Nephis!"

"Thank the gods, the Fire Keepers seemed to all be alive..."

"Lady Nephis! Lady Nephis! Here!"

"Glory! Glory!"

People were talking about Sunny, as well.

"Wait, where's the Lord of Shadows?"

"He's not coming back, idiot. He returned to his temple to command the western front."

"Temple? Why does that guy have a temple? What is he, a god?"

"Of course not! I mean... at least I don't think he is?"

"He might be..." 

Sunny smiled crookedly, but then let out a wistful sigh. 

It was as if none of them realized that what happened at Vanishing Lake, while important for spreading the Sword Domain across Godgrave, was really a Pyrrhic victory. Seven Saints of the Sword Army had perished, which was not only a painful loss for humanity, but also the reason why more of these soldiers would die in the future.

Of course, some people knew. The clans to which the fallen Saints had belonged were informed, and the news spread. Nobody had tried to keep it a secret, to begin with, at best trying to direct public attention somewhere else.

To the supposed triumph of Changing Star and the Lord of Shadows, for example, or to the perceived defeat of Dark Dancer Revel and her sisters.

But all of it were concerns for the future.

For now, Sunny simply wished to see Nephis after being separated from her for too many days.

Soon, his smile returned.

'There you are.'




***
Chapter 1964: Nice experience.


***






Nice Experience

Nephis was walking at the head of the column of tired soldiers, just as pure and radiant as always. Her silver hair seemed to shine in the rays of diffused light that fell through the veil of clouds above, and her slender figure was outlined beautifully by the soft fabric of her white tunic.

Sunny blinked.

'She was not kidding...'

It seemed that Nephis had indeed given up on wearing armor. She would usually be clad in a suit of lustrous steel, looking valiant and knightly, but today, the armor was replaced by a light tunic and leather sandals. It was a much softer look, but also much more eye-catching.

Sunny was not going to complain, though.

The Fire Keepers, who were walking behind her, all looked beaten down by heat, but Nephis seemed fresh and clean, as if she had not spent many days traveling across the perilous surface of Godgrave.

He tilted his head in confusion after noticing beads of water in her hair.

'Why is she so clean, though?'

It was a mystery.

The soldiers around Sunny exploded with boisterous cheers, but he just watched her silently.

Nephis seemed to have sensed his gaze, though, turning her head to look back.

Her lips twisted into a beautiful smile.

The cheers grew louder.

Suddenly, someone grabbed Sunny by the shoulder and shouted into his ear with indescribable excitement:

"H—hey! Did you see that?! She smiled at me!"

Immediately, another voice assaulted his other ear:

"What are you talking about, fool?! Why would Lady Changing Star smile at you? Obviously, she smiled at me!"

Then, there was a third voice:

"No, no, it was definitely me!"

The soldiers were bursting with excitement.

Sunny glanced at them with a grin.

"Yeah. I did see that."

But of course, he knew that they were all wrong.

Sunny looked back to where Nephis was entering the camp.

'She smiled at me.'

It was only for him.

***

After seeing Nephis arrive, Sunny quietly returned to the Ivory Island. Now that Anvil had gone to oversee the defense of the Vanishing Lake and Morgan was away to defend Bastion, she was the only member of the royal family in the main camp of the Sword Army — therefore, it was going to take a bit of time before she was free to return to her Citadel and rest.

In the meantime, Sunny could prepare to welcome her home.

As if by magic, his fatigue seemed to be gone. Instead, Sunny felt full of energy — if not for the occasional yawn, no one would have suspected that he was running on fumes.

'Now, what should I do...'

Sunny longed to spend some romantic time with Nephis, but unfortunately for him, Godgrave wasn't brimming with romantic opportunities. Added to that was the fact that he only vaguely knew what people were supposed to do while courting each other.

The basics were pretty simple... taking walks together, watching movies or theater plays, dining in fine establishments. Visiting museums, going to amusement parks — whatever that was — and attending concerts. Any kind of activity that could allow the couple to spend time together in a pleasant environment and enjoy nice experiences together.

But there was nowhere pleasant to stroll in Godgrave, no theaters, and no dining establishments. No museums, no amusement parks, and no concerts. Most of the time Sunny and Nephis spent together was dedicated to battling hideous Nightmare Creatures, and the experiences they shared, while... sort of nice... were not exactly romantic.

He let out a sigh.

'Damnation.'

Sunny was really limited in what he could do to show his affection. He could make her delicious food, give her thorough massages, and listen to what she had to say.

Which was fine, but he also felt like he was missing something.

Sunny's eyes suddenly widened, and he slapped himself on the forehead.

'Gifts! I missed gifts... damn it, I'm an idiot!'

He should have made her a Memory, as well. Why didn't he think about it before?

It was too late now...

Shaking his head in dejection, Sunny raided the Brilliant Emporium's pantry, then used Shadow Step to teleport to the Ivory Tower and got busy doing one of the few things he could do — preparing a sumptuous meal for Nephis.

She would have grown tired of field rations in the past two weeks, and they had not been eating well during the march to the Vanishing Lake either. So, she would definitely be happy to taste something delicious.

He chuckled while cooking.

'Come to think of it... I've been known to taste wonderful myself.'

That was not an empty boast. Sunny was quite sure that he was truly delicious — otherwise, countless Nightmare Creatures would not have tried to feast on his flesh despite his modest stature and slender build.

If it wasn't because of his refined taste, then why else?

Sunny was so focused on cooking that he did not hear the light steps behind him. It was only when a familiar voice resounded from behind that he flinched.

"What are you laughing about?"

Sunny froze for a moment, then slowly turned around. 

Nephis was standing behind him, smiling faintly. Up close, she looked even more enthralling than at the gates of the warcamp, making his heart race.

His heart was racing for another reason, too —because that question could not have come at the worse time!

Sunny gulped, then answered honestly... the only way he could:

"That, uh... I was just thinking to myself. That I should be pretty delicious... taste-wise, I mean."

Neph's smile widened a little, and her striking grey eyes glistened in the sunlight.

She remaining silent for a few moments, and then said in her usual even tone:

"…I'll be the judge of that." 

With that, Nephis placed her hands on Sunny's shoulders, and pulled him into a deep kiss.

He wrapped his hands around her slender waist, feeling quite pleased with his answer.

'What can I say? I guess it's true...'

It seemed that they were going to pick up right where they had left off when Anvil so unceremoniously interrupted them on the shore of the Vanishing Lake.

Which suited Sunny quite fine.




***
Chapter 1965: Slow burn.


***






The afternoon light streamed through the stone chamber's windows as they sat across from each other at the table. Nephis delighted in the meal Sunny had prepared, her bright eyes reflecting the sunbeams as she savored each bite. Though she maintained her usual composure, a gentle flush still colored her cheeks. 

Sunny simply watched her eat, a slight smile playing on his lips. He tried to convince himself he was at peace, but his racing heart told a different story. Every fiber of his being felt electric, and it took considerable effort to maintain his collected demeanor.

He definitely needed some fresh air... preferably somewhere very cold.

It was almost unfair. Nephis was new to all of this, unaware of how her innocent gestures affected him. Did she really expect him to remain calm after she had shown such genuine affection? True, their earlier embrace had been sweet, but Sunny was finding it increasingly difficult to maintain his carefully cultivated gentlemanly image.

'I should have presented myself as a gruff shopkeeper from the start,' he thought ruefully, letting out a quiet sigh. 'This refined persona is becoming quite challenging to maintain.'

Still, he wouldn't have it any other way. He cherished every moment of their budding relationship - the playful banter, the comfortable silences, the spark of connection between them. Each moment was precious in its own right.

Yet beneath his joy lay a subtle hesitation about moving forward too quickly. While they were both mature adults who understood their feelings, Sunny couldn't ignore the disparity in their perspectives. Nephis had grown fond of him, certainly. She enjoyed his company and trusted him deeply.

But to her, Sunny remained somewhat of a mystery. Their few months together, though intense, paled in comparison to the years of history that lived in his memory alone - history she had forgotten entirely.

So he hoped, somewhere in his heart, that she would develop deeper feelings for him before they took any significant steps forward. He had waited years to be with her; he could be patient a while longer.

As these thoughts crossed his mind, Nephis looked up and gave him a playful wink.

Sunny felt his resolve waver.

'Perhaps patience is overrated,' he thought, watching her with darkening eyes.

Nephis laughed softly. "You look amusing."

"Do I?" he asked, his voice slightly rough.

She popped a grape into her mouth, considering him. "You're trying to look intense, but you keep yawning. It's rather endearing... the contrast, I mean. Haven't you been sleeping?"

Sunny blinked, suddenly self-conscious.

'Have I been yawning?'

He cleared his throat, mortified at the thought.

"Ah... truthfully, I haven't slept in weeks. I've been practicing new sorcery since the battle at Vanishing Lake. In fact, I've created several new Memories. Let me show you..."

He reached for his Bag of Withholding but paused. "Actually, before that..."

He summoned his shadow form, creating a duplicate of himself nearby. Nephis watched in surprise as the shadow-self stumbled, clutching his chest, and dropped to one knee.

The wound from the black arrow refused to heal. Usually, a Saint could recover quickly, but this injury proved surprisingly resilient. It wasn't worsening, but it showed no signs of improvement either. 

"What happened?" Nephis's voice carried clear concern.

Sunny looked up at her with a wan smile. "Well... I may have visited the Shadow Realm and taken an arrow to the heart?"

Nephis pushed aside her plate, her hands beginning to glow with white radiance. "And you're just telling me this now?!"

Sunny coughed - this time from actual pain rather than embarrassment - and gave her an apologetic look.

"I simply... didn't want... to cause you pain…”




***
Chapter 1966: Fragile flowers.


***






Once again, Sunny felt Neph's healing touch, and a soothing warmth cascaded through his body, washing away his pain like morning tide clearing the shore.

The relief was intoxicating, almost overwhelming in its intensity.

Yet the pleasure was tainted by knowing that whatever pain he escaped, Nephis now carried an equal or greater burden. Such was the nature of her gift - to take others' suffering into herself.

As the white radiance faded from her hands, she steadied the avatar and shot a pointed look at the real Sunny, still seated at the table.

Her expression darkened briefly before hardening into something stern and unyielding.

"No more secrets between us.”

Sunny tilted his head, feigning innocence. "Pardon?" 

Nephis released the avatar with a gentle pat and rose gracefully, returning to her chair. She picked up a crystal goblet filled with honeyed wine, took a long drink, then set it down with deliberate care.

"This habit of yours - trying to protect me from pain. It needs to stop."

She leaned forward, eyes intense. "If our positions were reversed - if you saw me wounded and suffering, would you hesitate to help because it might cause you momentary discomfort?"

"Of course not," Sunny replied without hesitation. "Watching you suffer would be far worse than any physical pain."

"Precisely." Nephis's voice softened. "So don't deny me the chance to help you... please.”

Sunny remained quiet for a long moment before dismissing his avatar with a playful smile. "My, my... is this your way of confessing that you care for me, Lady Nephis?"

She rolled her eyes, but there was fondness in the gesture.

"Honestly... why am I always surrounded by such impossible people?" She sighed deeply. "You and Cassie both. She has this maddening tendency to shoulder everything alone, treating me like I'm made of glass. I watched her withdraw into herself for four years, never once sharing her burden..."

Sunny's eyes lit up with vindication. Even knowing Cassie might be listening, he couldn't resist commiserating. "Exactly! The way she keeps everything locked away is infuriating. Important things, too! For years!”

Of course, he knew the truth - that Cassie's withdrawal stemmed from the curse that made others forget her words, and her secretive nature was born from watching her visions twist into devastating self-fulfilling prophecies. He'd played no small part in that particular trauma.

But who could resist the opportunity to lovingly complain about a friend to someone who understood?

Nephis's eyes sparkled with shared frustration. "And she didn't even tell me you were the Lord of Shadows! Can you believe it?"

Sunny opened his mouth to agree, then caught himself with an awkward cough. "Ah... that particular omission was actually my doing..."

Nephis tried to look scandalized but dissolved into laughter instead. "Oh, I'm well aware.”

She glanced at him curiously then, as if wanting to ask something. But whatever question danced on her tongue remained unspoken.

Sunny realized he'd revealed more than intended about his history with Cassie. Nephis must have noticed, but chose not to press the issue.

By now, she had surely sensed the mysterious connection between them. Yet perhaps remembering their conversation in Bastion, she never demanded answers about their shared past.

Sunny felt grateful for her restraint, knowing he couldn't explain even if he wanted to.

...And yet, part of him desperately wished she would ask.

Nephis studied his face a moment longer before leaning back with a thoughtful hum. Then her expression sharpened.

"Now then... about this arrow through the heart in the Shadow Realm..."

Her voice took on a dangerous edge.

"Who exactly do I need to have words with?"

****

Sunny carefully recounted his experiences - the revelation during his battle with Revel, his subsequent experiments, and his journey into the Shadow Realm. The telling took longer than expected, as he had to navigate carefully around certain topics that would trigger the forgetting.

When he finished that tale, he eagerly showed off his latest creations. "This is the [Green Canteen]," he explained, holding up an elegant vessel. "It's a spatial storage Memory, but with some unique features. Beyond managing its weight like the Bag of Withholding, I've woven in a purification enchantment. It can even process saltwater, though that takes time. The real challenge was designing separate chambers for pure water, contaminated water, and the extracted impurities…”

He trailed off, noticing Nephis's amused expression.

"What is it?"

She shook her head fondly. "I'm just seeing yet another side of you. I don't think I've ever seen you quite so animated about anything."

Sunny's gaze drifted to her lips, lingering perhaps a heartbeat too long.

"I can think of at least one thing that excites me more."

Nephis laughed, a slight blush coloring her cheeks. "Oh yes... I've noticed your... enthusiasm."

Sunny blinked, momentarily flustered, then composed himself.

"Well, we are quite different, you and I.”

"How so?" She asked, genuinely curious.

Sunny turned the canteen over in his hands, considering his words carefully.

"You were born into a warrior's legacy, inheriting your father's gift with the blade. It's both your passion and your destiny. I, on the other hand... I learned to fight because I had to. I've become skilled, yes, but left to my own devices? I'd probably be running a quiet Memory shop somewhere, writing treatises on enchantment theory, or perhaps operating a small teahouse."

This seemed to surprise her. "Really?"

Again, unspoken questions flickered in her eyes, but she held them back.

Sunny pushed through the awkward moment with a nod. "Indeed. I'm not naturally brave or noble. My true nature is equal parts merchant and hedonist, with a dash of pettiness thrown in for good measure.”

A gentle smile graced Nephis's lips. "Then you're even more remarkable than I thought, Master Sunless. It takes far more strength to become who you are while fighting against your nature."

She sighed softly. "It almost makes me question my own path. As you said, my swordsmanship is merely an inheritance."

Sunny tensed at her words. 

'Inheritance...'

As much as he longed to stay in this moment with her, there were more pressing matters at hand.

He dismissed the [Green Canteen] and spoke carefully. "Speaking of inheritance... you should speak with Cassie soon. We've discovered something significant. Something that could be invaluable to you, and you alone.”

In his mind, he added, 'Something that might help you remember…’




***
Chapter 1967: Lost Together


***






Nephis had only just returned to the camp, so she did not know about the memories of Master Orum yet. Sunny selfishly wanted to stay in her company for a while longer, but it was important for her to meet Cassie.

Not only because of the knowledge about the Sovereigns that Orum's memories contained, butalso because they were a testament to the lives of her parents.

Broken Sword, Smile of Heaven... 

The two of them, who had been the shining stars of humanity once, were long gone. And they had not left a lot behind for their daughter, who carried the weight of their legacy alone.

When Sunny spoke, Nephis nodded lightly and stood up. Placing a hand on his shoulder, she smiled.

"Alright. Wait a little, I'll be back shortly."

With that, she left. Cassie's living quarters were only one floor below her own, so she did not have to go far... however, Sunny knew that it was going to take her quite a long time to come back.

Left alone, he sighed quietly.

Suddenly, the fatigue that he had forgotten about returned, making his eyelids feel heavy.

Sunny remained at the table for a while, picking up a few grapes absentmindedly. Then, he stood up and walked over to the wide balcony, looking at the landscape of the army camp far below.

Neph's chambers were spacious and sparsely furnished. The white walls were unadorned, and there was nowhere to rest except for the bed hidden beneath a canopy, which fluttered gently in the breeze. Shadows and sunlight were interspersed with open space, creating a beautiful and complicated mosaic.

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then sat down on the bed and closed his eyes, intending to let them rest for a moment.

Instead, he simply fell asleep.

His tired body desperately needed reprieve, and so did his overtaxed mind.

So, Sunny decided not to wake himself up.

Master Sunless had nothing to do at the moment, anyway. His other two incarnations could pick up the slack.

The Lord of Shadows was preparing to attack the Song Army from the rear. Rain's mercurial teacher was busy hiding from the Queen of Worms while keeping his headstrong disciple safe.

So, he drifted into the soft embrace of sleep.

..After a while, feeling rested and refreshed, he became aware of his surroundings once again and slowly opened his eyes.

It seemed that he had been asleep for much longer than intended. The air smelled of impending rain, and the stone chamber was much darker than before. Considering that there were no nights in Godgrave, it could only mean that storm clouds were gathering in the sky, casting a deep shadow on the war camp of the Sword Army.

Sunny was still in the sweet grasp of sleep, a little. The bed was soft and welcoming, and both his body and mind felt revived. He was in a very good mood.

'The Hollows are going to be flooded again.'

At least the Hollows of the eastern reach of the Collarbone Plain. He did not know how vast the approaching storm would be.

Turning his head, Sunny noticed that Nephis had come back at some point. She was sitting on a chair a few meters away, looking at the piece of the grey sky visible through the arches of the balcony. Her distant eyes were the same color as the stormy sky, harboring a hint of melancholy.

Watching her, Sunny belatedly realized that he was laying comfortably on her bed, his head resting on a soft pillow. However, he did not move, reluctant to disturb her thoughts.

Nevertheless, Nephis must have sensed his gaze

- or maybe something deeper - and turned.

Her face remained motionless for a few moments, and was then illuminated by a faint smile.

"You're awake."

Sunny nodded.

"Yes. Sorry... I just closed my eyes for a moment, and that seemed to have powered me down. She shook her head lightly.

"That's alright. It was... sweet, actually. I got to see another of your faces. You look very different when you sleep."

He raised an eyebrow, hiding his embarrassment.

Sunny had only recently called himself delicious, but really, no one had ever described him as sweet - at least not that he could remember. His expression wavered for a moment.

'Wait. Was she watching me sleep?'

He wasn't quite sure how to feel about it.

Not the least because it meant that he felt safe enough here to not even bother staying aware of his surroundings with the help of the gloomy shadow.

Glancing at it briefly, Sunny looked back to Nephis and hesitated for a moment.

"Have you met Cassie?"

She turned to the grey sky again and nodded after a short pause.

"Yes. We learned quite a bit about the Sovereigns. It's... good news."

In the silence that followed, Sunny sighed deeply.

"What about the rest of it?"

Nephis looked up and smiled.

There was a hint of bitterness in her smile.

Eventually, she sighed.

"It is something special, isn't it? Cassie's power. I never thought I'd get to see my mother one day. I mean... how she was before becoming Hollow. I had only ever heard about how bright and wonderful she was from others.

Nephis lingered for a few moments and added, her voice growing a little distant:

"My dad, too. I still remember him, a little - it was not like we were particularly close, though.

He was not indifferent or uncaring, just... always busy. And always bleak, even if he tried to brighten up when around me. Looking back, he was really obsessed with what he was trying to achieve. Conquering the Fourth Nightmare, most likely. The apple... doesn't fall far from the tree, does it?"

She sighed.

"It was really strange, to see them like that.

Young, radiant, loving, and brimming with hope. I had thought... that it would be a solace, to finally know what they were like. To know that they have not always been just a pair of ghosts.

Especially my mother."

She looked down at her hands and added, her voice sounding wistful: "But to be honest..."

Nephis sighed.

"..In the end, witnessing them only made me feel lonelier."

Sunny remained silent for a while, not knowing what to say. Everything he wanted to say to her would be forgotten in a few moments, never leaving a mark. So, there was no point.

Eventually, he looked at the ceiling.

"There is this guy that I know. Who became an orphan early on. He was lonely for a long time, too. But then, he met a girl."

He paused for a few seconds.

"And then, he lost that girl. And then, he found her again, only to lose her again. Come to think of it, I guess it's wrong to say that he lost her -

rather, it was him who became lost. In any case, what I am trying to say is... actually, I'm not sure what I'm trying to say."

Sunny smiled.

"I seem to have had some kind of idea when I started talking, but now, I don't know. You don't have to feel like that, I guess."

Nephis chuckled softly.

Standing up, she walked over to the bed and sat down, looking at Sunny from above. There was a strange emotion in her eyes... both bitter and sweet, both powerful and timid.

Perhaps it was longing.

Nephis smiled. 

"Well... how does the story end? Was that guy found in the end?" Sunny answered her smile with one of his own, then shrugged.

"I'm not sure yet. Time will tell..."

She gazed at him deeply, not saying anything.

Slowly, her smile dimmed, replaced by a calm and sober expression. And the strange emotion in her eyes grew more intense.

Sunny wanted to speak, but before he could, Nephis leaned down and kissed him deeply. Her lips were like flame, setting his heart on fire. His hands rose, hovered hesitantly near her waist for a moment, and then wrapped around her tightly.

As if intending to never let her go.

Never let her go again.

Responding to her kiss, Sunny pushed himself toward her, and then gently pulled her onto the bed.

A flash of lightning illuminated the world, and somewhere in the distance, a deafening thunderclap shook the world.

However, neither Sunny nor Nephis were aware of the storm, fully and utterly lost in each other.




***
Chapter 1968: Council of Shadows


***






Somewhere far away, a titanic humerus bone hung far above the desolate ashen wasteland like a floating mountain chain. It was the right arm of the dead deity that connected Godgrave to the distant Moonriver Plain, as well as to the road leading to Ravenheart.

Not long ago, it had been covered by the scarlet jungle. Now, however, the jungle was gone—the vermilion forest had been obliterated by the soldiers, and the white slope shone blindingly under the radiant, overcast sky. 

Then, there was movement.

A small bird suddenly fell clumsily from that sky, colliding with the bone surface at full speed, head-first. The black crow bounced off the ground, rolled a couple of times, then jumped to its feet and shook its tiny head dazedly.

Then, it remained motionless for a while before suddenly bursting into a tide of shadows.

Those shadows surged and formed into the menacing figure of the Lord of Shadows. Sunny stared at the horizon with an absent expression. He was supposed to be preparing an ambush for the supply convoy of the Song Army right about now.

But... how the hell... was he supposed to...

He was already lucky to have fallen on the arm of the dead deity instead of plummeting straight into the Sea of Ash. That would have been... would have been...

What was he thinking about?

Why was he even thinking about anything, to begin with?!

Shaking his head decidedly, Sunny fell backward and crumbled into four bewildered shadows. He had released control of his incarnation, entirely unwilling to split his attention between several bodies... right now.

The shadows looked at each other in confusion.

Nobody was controlling them at the moment, so it was unclear what they were supposed to do. A few seconds later...

The naughty shadow suddenly threw its arms into the air and performed a triumphant pirouette. Then, it threw a smug, satisfied look at its companions.

The haughty shadow would have usually given its sibling a contemptuous stare, but this time, it charitably held itself back. In fact, it raised his chin even higher than usual, emanating a very subtle feeling of contentment and pride.

As if saying:

"Finally. Everything is as it should be."

Haughty was such an august shadow, after all. It could reluctantly approve of being with a literal princess—their master had done something worthy... for once...

Even the crazy shadow seemed happy. Or... at least excited. It was usually hard to tell what the lunatic felt, but today, it seemed to be in a good mood. Too good of a mood, maybe.

Only the creepy shadow remained his usual self. No, not quite... he looked very puzzled by the whole situation. And a little bored.

His emotionless stare seemed to convey a silent question:

"I don't really know what is happening, but weren't we supposed to start killing soon? Hello? Can we concentrate on the important stuff? Hello?!"

Why wasn't anyone listening?

The other three shadows ignored him.

Creepy scratched the back of his head.

Well. It wasn't all bad. At least he was learning new things... about human anatomy.

In fact.

It was quite fascinating.

Eventually—quite some time later—the haughty shadow coalesced into the fearsome Lord of Shadows once more. Only... he wasn't so fearsome anymore.

It was hard to maintain one's ferocity while happily humming a tune. Sunny only realized that he was humming a few minutes later, though, and forced himself to stop. However, he neglected to erase the stupid smile from his face. His face was hidden behind Weaver's Mask, anyway, so no one would know.

The other three shadows were giving him strange looks.

Well, the gazes of the creepy shadow and the crazy shadow were strange. The naughty guy... was quite obvious and expressive.

Sunny grinned.

"Shut up."

He failed to make his voice sound stern, though.

'What does he even know...'

Looking around, Sunny tried to concentrate and glanced warily at the sky. Then, he turned into a shadow and glided swiftly across the surface of the white bone.

He was already running late to his rendezvous...

Some time later, he reached the road built on the dead god's arm by the soldiers of the Song Army. It was hardly a proper road, really—not even a Sovereign could have built something substantial on the nearly indestructible surface of the ancient bone. Instead, logs scavenged from the annihilated jungle were placed on the ground, held in place by tar.

The supply caravans used this road to pull heavy carts up the slope, eventually reaching the crossing to the Collarbone Plain. Now that Ki Song had descended upon Godgrave in person, the Song Army possessed a Dream Gate of their own, so their supply situation was not as bad as it had been before.

But there were limits to what a Dream Gate could achieve. First of all, only cargo from the waking world could be carried through it, most of which was mundane. Secondly, the supply infrastructure in the waking world was a glaring vulnerability—after the fall of the House of Night, no one believed that the war would stay contained in the Dream Realm anymore.

The flow of supplies from the other side could be cut off at any moment, so both armies were working hard to maintain a logistical connection to their Domains. 

Sunny's job was to disrupt that connection by harassing the Song Army from the rear.

He had briefly considered destroying the crossing itself, but decided against it in the end. The crossing was too close to the main camp of the enemy, and to their sole Citadel in Godgrave, as well. The risk of running into someone truly powerful—perhaps even the Queen herself—was too great.

So, he had chosen to start with a single caravan.

Those caravans weren't easy targets, either. The supplies were guarded by both Awakened troops and Ascended officers. From time to time, there would even be a Saint mixed between the soldiers—Clan Song had plenty of those to spare, after all.

Worse still, the carts were being pulled by Beastmaster's thralls, and there were dead pilgrims escorting them.

The Queen had her eyes on the caravans, so Sunny had to be swift about his attack.

He had already lost the chance to be swift due to... unforeseen circumstances...

It was worth it, though, of course—without a shadow of a doubt. Sunny couldn't stop smiling.

'Focus! There is no time to waste.'

He could already see the head of the caravan in the distance... But, sadly, he really could not focus at all.




***
Chapter 1969: Summoned Demon


***






Master Karna of the Maharana Clan observed the white slopes of the dead god's arm with a somber expression. The abominable jungle was gone, and the caravan was far above the Sea of Ash now. The crossing to the Collarbone Plain was close, so the most dangerous part of the journey was almost behind them.

Yet still, he felt ill at ease. 

Perhaps it was because of the radiant clouds above, or because of how desolate the landscape was. Perhaps it was for no reason at all, and he was simply tense because of the heavy responsibility of protecting the caravan. Although not a grizzled veteran, he was experienced enough to know that the last stretch of a journey was often the most perilous — for no other reason than the fact that people tended to abandon caution once the final destination was already in sight.

His cousin, Saint Dar, had taught him that.

'We ought to stay alert.'

He turned back to look at the caravan.

The sight alleviated his worry, somewhat.

There were more than a hundred heavy wagons being pulled across the crude road, each loaded with precious supplies. Which meant that there were at least a hundred ferocious, towering creatures pulling them — Beastmaster's thralls, most of them at least equal to him in Rank. Some of the enthralled Nightmare Creatures had come from the various regions of the Song Domain, some had been subjugated by the Queen's daughter here in Godgrave. They alone were a fearsome force, making the caravan akin to a moving fortress.

But the thralls weren't the only ones defending it.

There were Awakened warriors, as well — two hundred of them. There were a dozen Masters like him. There were also powerful Echoes, and, most importantly of all...

The pilgrims were escorting the caravan, walking silently at its flanks. Although the walking dead made Karna uneasy, they were the heralds of the Queen. As such, they were the best shield he could have hoped for.

The caravan had already experienced several battles on the way to Godgrave, obliterating swarms of Nightmare Creatures lured by the smell of human souls. Each time, the abominations were easily eradicated before reaching the wagons — so, it was hard to imagine that something could threaten him and his soldiers.

'We are already so close...'

Unless a demon climbed out of hell to destroy them, they would make it to the warcamp unscathed.

"Karna!"

The shout of a fellow Master made him flinch and turn around.

He did not need to know what they were warning him about. He could already see.

Out there in front of them, in the distance, a dark figure was standing on the sun-bleached surface of the ancient bone. It had appeared out of nowhere like an apparition, for there had been no one and nothing ahead just a few short moments ago.

‘A... a pilgrim? Was someone sent to meet us?’

Feeling a chill creep up his spine, Karna narrowed his eyes.

He saw a fearsome armor that seemed to be carved out of polished black onyx. A frightening mask that resembled the face of a fierce demon, crowned by three twisting horns. The apparition was motionless, looking down. Its long white hair was moving slightly in the wind, like strands of a silken spiderweb.

But then, as if sensing Karna's gaze, the demon looked up, revealing two pools of darkness where the mask's eyes should have been.

Karna trembled.

For a moment, he really believed that his careless thought had summoned a devil from the depths of hell to feast on their souls.

But then, he forcefully composed himself.

“It... it's him.”

The Lord of Shadows.

The sellsword Saint who had faced Dark Dancer Revel and survived. The news of the battle at Vanishing Lake had spread through the Song Army swiftly. Although the daughters of the Queen had ultimately failed to capture the Citadel, they still managed to escape unscathed after killing seven Saints of the Sword Domain.

Karna wasn't particularly happy to know that those great warriors had perished, but he knew that it was a triumphant victory that would save the lives of countless soldiers like him in the future.

Regardless, one of the most extraordinary details about the battle of Vanishing Lakes was the clash between the Lightslayer and the Lord of Shadows. He had not shown his strength before, but now, there was no one in Godgrave who did not know about it, and was not wary of him. Although very few people in the Song Domain had ever seen him, rumors about the sinister fiend hired by the wicked King of Swords were both abundant and frightening.

Some said that he was a madman whose Flaw demanded that he revel in bloodshed and slaughter. Some said that he was the last surviving member of a fallen clan, sworn to vengeance against all of humanity. Some said that he was a loathsome killer who had escaped to the Dream Realm many years ago to save himself from being pursued by the Soul Reaper.

Some even said that he was no human at all, but instead a Nightmare Creature masquerading as one.

The original vessel of the Skinwalker, perhaps, or of something even more terrifying.

In any case, all the rumors agreed on one thing — that the Lord of Shadows was immensely powerful and utterly ruthless.

Karna gritted his teeth.

Still... he was merely one man.

Even if the Lord of Shadows was a Saint, he was facing an entire army alone. There were two hundred Awakened warriors, two cohorts of Masters, and a hundred enthralled Nightmare Creatures — many of them of the Corrupted Rank — facing him. There were also the pilgrims.

No matter how powerful, one man could not defeat an army.

Turning to his comrades, Karna opened his mouth, wanting to bolster their spirits and give the command to attack...

But then he froze. 

Something was wrong about the world. Something was terribly, terribly wrong.

Looking down, he felt icy claws grasp his heart.

‘...What?’

The closest person to him was a fellow Master — a quiet woman who was a retainer of the royal clan. Everything about her was familiar, except for one thing. For some reason, the woman had two shadows.

Karna had two shadows, as well.

He stared at the shadows in horror, trying to understand where the extra ones had come from, and what their appearance meant. Then, he saw two crimson flames igniting in the depths of his own shadow.

...That was the last thing Karna saw.

Because in the next moment, the world was suddenly consumed by impenetrable darkness.




***
Chapter 1970: Fear of Shadows


***






Darkness had descended upon Godgrave, where the sun never set. Karna was both startled and, despite not wanting to admit it, scared. He had in his possession a Memory that granted him a night vision akin to that of a nocturnal predator, and yet, he suddenly found himself blind.

Which meant that the darkness surrounding him was not simply a vast shadow, but true darkness instead.

He could not see anything... but he could hear.

There were plenty of sounds.

The roars of the enthralled Nightmare Creatures, the screaming human voices, the clangor of metal, the nauseating crunching of splitting flesh. It all happened in an instant, turning the peaceful melody of creaking wheels into a deafening clamor of battle.

‘How can he…’ 

But there was no time to guess. 

Snarling, Karna activated his Awakened Ability. In the next moment, he switched places with an Awakened warrior who had been guarding a wagon a few dozen meters behind.

There was still only darkness, so Karna switched places with another soldier, moving even further back.

‘Come on, come on…’

Finally, he escaped into the light.

In front of him, the front of the caravan was swallowed by a pool of darkness. Behind him was chaos — everyone was startled by the unexpected attack, not knowing what was going on.

There was something different about the state of the caravan, as well. Apart from those unfortunate souls caught in the pool of true darkness, the rest of the soldiers were alright. So were the thralls of Beastmaster.

However, the pilgrims — each and every one of them — were gone, replaced by tall bonfires.

Someone, or something, had set them all aflame in these few short moments.

Karna paled a little and jumped onto the wagon, looking ahead, in the direction where the Lord of Shadows had been standing before.

He saw the sinister Saint almost instantly.

The Lord of Shadows was calmly walking down the bone slope, his steps graceful and unhurried. The back of a black odachi rested on his shoulder, and his white hair was fluttering in the wind.

There were still several hundred meters separating him from the caravan, but the madman was indeed intending to face them all alone. Karna's eyes narrowed.

If so... he was going to oblige.

Raising his bow, he put some strength into his voice and bellowed:

"It's the Lord of Shadows! Brothers, with me... attack!"

And they did.

The warriors surged forward, the wagon drivers cut the Nightmare Creatures loose, allowing them to rush at the Valor's hired fiend in a murderous frenzy. Arrows streaked across the sky, and scores of Aspect Abilities were unleashed.

The sight of it was daunting.

However, in the next moment, Karna felt his mouth turning dry.

It was because countless shadows suddenly moved all around them, coming alive.

The light of day seemed dimmer now, the darkness deeper.

Some of the shadows shot from the ground, turning into needle-sharp spikes — they pierced the bodies of Beastmaster's thralls. Some turned into black chains that slithered across the ground, binding soldiers and pulling them down.

Some even turned into black hands, each with seven fingers that ended in sharp claws, blocking the Aspect Abilities.

Blood spilled on the white bone, a terrible cacophony of screams permeated the air, and several wagons were split apart by the unleashed violence.

Karna growled.

"Curse you!"

A Saint was a powerful existence, but not an invulnerable one. They still bled like humans and could be killed by humans.

All it would take was one sword that struck true, one arrow that bypassed the enemy's onyx armor...

Nocking an arrow on the string of his bow, Karna activated both its enchantment and his Ascended Ability, then drew it and took aim.

‘Come on!’

He was far inferior to Saint Dar in terms of archery. But he was still better and far more deadly than almost any other archer out there. And so...

Karna let his arrow loose.

It shot forward at terrible speed... and disappeared.

A split second later, though, it emerged out of nowhere mere meters away from the Lord of Shadows, ready to plunge into the eye of his fierce mask a split second later.

Its instantaneous arrival was both bizarre and insidious, and it left the enemy no time to react.

However...

Even though the Lord of Shadow could not have predicted what would happen, and had only a fraction of a second to move, he still did.

In the next moment, his hand shot upward and caught Karna's arrow, holding it a few centimeters away from his eye.

Karna staggered back.

‘I—impossible…’

But a heartbeat later, the Lord of Shadows was suddenly standing in front of him.

‘He…’

Karna's eyes widened.

He had followed the arrow back. Had he... stolen Karna's Ascended Ability?

Just like he had stolen Princess Revel's true darkness.

"He's here! Fight!"

The black odachi moved.

In the next few minutes, Karna witnessed a scene of pure horror.

The Lord of Shadows did not just look like a fiend... he was a fiend. The sinister Saint moved with the grace of a dancer and the ruthless precision of a butcher, his sword never resting and never failing to find its target. His white hair fluttered in the wind like ghostly silk.

The attacks of the Awakened warriors either missed him entirely or were deflected by the polished surface of the onyx armor, not leaving even a scratch on it. The Nightmare Creatures — terrifying monsters that had once threatened the lives of the champions of the Song Army — fell to the ground one after another, their bodies severed and horribly mangled by the black sword.

The Lord of Shadows moved in the storm of blood like an omen of death, the gaze of his fierce mask remaining utterly indifferent, utterly cold... utterly devoid of mercy.

But the demon was not without emotion.

What frightened Kama the most... was that he could faintly hear the sinister Saint humming an upbeat tune as he slaughtered Corrupted abominations and bathed in their blood.

The sick bastard... was enjoying the harrowing massacre.

Karna had been wrong.

That thing could not be a human.

It had to not be a human — otherwise, there would be nothing sane left in the world.

At some point, the Lord of Shadows seemed to have grown tired of pretending to be a person and shed his human disguise, turning into a towering devil with four mighty arms and a frightening crown of horns. His already terrifying strength exploded, and he continued his macabre dance of death, tearing a path of carnage and destruction across the caravan.

Nothing could stop him.

One second, he was in one place, gruesomely tearing a powerful Nightmare Creature apart. Next second, he was somehow a hundred meters away, throwing a Master to the ground with a heavy blow of his onyx gauntlet.

And throughout all of this, the darkness continued to flow. The shadows continued to move. The black chains rattled as they imprisoned their prey, and blood flowed like a river.

Karna was... appalled.

But his indignation did not save him.

In the end, his enchanted bow was cut in half, his sword was shattered, and he was thrown to his knees, the black chains binding his limbs.

The battle was over.

Shaking, Karna looked around.

The darkness was gone. The burning pilgrims had turned to ash. The thralls of Beastmaster were all eviscerated, laying in bloody piles on the ground. The Awakened warriors were all bound by chains, many of them unconscious...

They were utterly defeated.

And the lone creature that had defeated them had not even shed a single drop of blood.

Karna let out a desperate growl.

"Curse you! Curse you, you demon!"

His voice was the only thing breaking the silence, apart from the groans of the wounded soldiers.

No... there was another sound.

The Lord of Shadows was still humming joyfully, as if today was the best day of his life.

The terrifying demon of darkness had assumed his human form once again, observing the battlefield with a strange sense of satisfaction, like a demented artist looking at a painted canvas.

But then... Something was not right.

Karna looked around once more, trying to understand where the sense of incongruity he felt had come from.

After a while, a slight shudder ran through his body.

The pilgrims had been destroyed, and the thralls had been slaughtered. However, the humans...

Many were wounded, and many were bleeding. However, their wounds were shallow, and their bleeding was light.

They were knocked out, bound by the black chains, and immobilized. But they were alive.

Karna gasped, feeling both relieved and suffocated. He felt bitter. Because he knew...

That keeping an enemy alive in a battle was much harder than killing them. The Lord of Shadows, that fiend... had not even shown them his true power. His true malevolence, his true ability to sow death were still unknown.

‘How could that be?’

‘How bad Princess Revel survived meeting this horror?’

"Why..."

His whisper was quiet, but the dark apparition seemed to have heard him.

The Lord of Shadow turned the chilling gaze of his

lightless eyes in Karna's direction. Knowing that there was no sense in trying to avoid attention anymore, Karna gritted his teeth.

"Why did you spare us?!"

The fiend stared at him silently for a while, then chuckled.

His voice was cold and arrogant:

"...Because Changing Star asked me to show mercy today."

The Lord of Shadow grew quiet for a moment, then let out a regretful sigh.

"It's such a shame. Usually, I love nothing more than slaying humans. How unfortunate.„ ah, I'm in a terrible mood."

With that, he continued to hum his lively tune and walked away. Karna heard terrifying sounds coming from somewhere behind, but he could not turn around. It was as if something enormous was feasting, scraping the ancient bones with countless metal feet as it moved. 

After some time — an eternity, perhaps — the sounds grew quiet. Then, the black chains binding him dissolved into a tide of shadows. He was free.

Standing up, Kama turned and looked around.

All around him, the wounded soldiers were swaying as they rose from the ground.

But the caravan itself was gone. The wagons had disappeared without a trace, most likely utterly destroyed and swallowed by some abominable being.

All that remained were the corpses of the slain Nightmare Creatures, and the blood painting the surface of Godgrave red.

And fear.

Fear of meeting the Lord of Shadows on a day when that dreadful demon was not held back by the mercy of Lady Changing Star.




***
Chapter 1971: Rumor Mill


***






Rain was stirred awake by the blaring of a war horn. Opening her eyes to a stark darkness, she sighed and pulled a piece of fabric off her face — the cloth was nothing more than one of her shirts rolled to resemble a blindfold, which she used to block out the light.

Almost every soldier in Godgrave had been forced to seek out darkness in some way or another. The perpetual radiance of the murderous sky was both oppressive and a source of constant fear, but most of all, it was exhausting. It was bright almost everywhere one went, which made sleep elusive. So, they had learned ways to cope with the hateful absence of darkness and night. 

Rain's way was on the primitive side, but it still let her sleep in peace. Which was why she was quite unhappy to have been awoken so early. ‘What the hell is going on...‘

She would have been hurriedly summoning her battle Memories before, but now that the Queen was with them, the camp of the Song Army was much safer. It was highly unlikely that there was immediate danger, so Rain took her time.

Yawning, she stretched, then summoned the Puppeteer's Shroud and climbed out of her tent as soon as the soft grey fabric covered her pale skin. A wave of heat assaulted her outside, and Rain saw that the camp was boiling with strange activity.

The soldiers were rushing, the hideous thralls were being saddled, and the pilgrims were moving silently between the tents. Far in the distance, the main gates of the camp were opening slowly.

Rain studied the commotion somberly.

"Good morning."

Turning around, she saw Tamar standing with her arms crossed a few steps away. Beside her, Ray and Fleur were starting a fire to prepare food.

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"Is it morning?"

The young Legacy shrugged.

"I might as well be. Does it matter?"

Rain failed to suppress another yawn and shook her head.

Walking to the fire pit, she asked:

"What is going on?"

Ray, who had been trying to fire up the kindling with a mundane flint, looked up at her in surprise.

"You haven't heard?"

Rain stared at him for a moment, then took the flint from his hands and ignited the kindling on the first try.

"How would I have heard anything while asleep?"

Everything had been fine yesterday.

A corner of Tamar's mouth curled upward a little. She took a seat near the fire and summoned a spatial storage Memory... which had been the source of endless envy for Rain ever since the Legacy girl received it from the Saint of Sorrow.

Taking out their provisions and a can of powdered coffee — another luxury item — Tamar handed them to Fleur and spoke:

"The news reached the camp a few hours ago — there was another clash with the forces of the Sword Domain. Congratulations. You slept through the second human battle of this war."

Rain froze for a moment, feeling a cold shiver travel down her spine. Her mood was instantly spoiled.

She sighed.

"Oh yeah? Was it on the crossing to the Breastbone Reach?"

That was where the first major battleground of the Realm War would be, and where the Seventh Legion would be marching for in a few days.

Tamar slowly shook her head, her expression turning a hit dark.

"No. It happened near the crossing from the Right Arm to the Collarbone Plain, behind us. A supply caravan was attacked... by the Lord of Shadows."

Now that was concerning news.

Rain threw a sidelong glance at her shadow, wondering how her teacher felt about someone wielding a similar authority launching an attack on the Song Army.

There was a lot of talk about the Lord of Shadows in the camp these days, painting him to be some kind of a monster. Well, it wasn't that uncalled-for -— after all, he had crossed blades with Princess Revel and lived to tell the tale.

No one would have been surprised if someone like Changing Star or Morgan of Valor had done the same, but for an entirely unknown Saint to prove himself capable of facing the First Princess in battle was a disturbing revelation. Added to the sinister reputation and mysterious nature of the Lord of Shadows, wild rumors about him were bound to spread.

The situation was not helped by the fact that very few people in the Song camp had ever seen him, like her cohort members had.

Rain suddenly felt tense.

"...How did the Lord of Shadows and his troops manage to reach our rear without being noticed?"

Ray shivered.

"That's the thing. There were no troops... the madman attacked the caravan alone."

The young man seemed stuck somewhere between terror and awe. "And it wasn't a harassment attack, either. He actually obliterated the entire caravan. Alone."

Rain froze.

She had seen these supply caravans entering the camp. They were not an easy target... far from it, actually. Each was guarded by hundreds of Awakened warriors, several cohorts of Masters, scores of powerful thralls — many of them of the Corrupted Rank — and now escorted by the Queen's pilgrims.

One Saint obliterated them all? How was that possible?

...Were the rumors about the Lord of Shadows not as exaggerated as she had thought?

Both the rumors about his frightening power and the rumors about him being a monster.

Fleur placed a coffee pot on the fire and sighed.

"That is not the strangest part, though."

Rain glanced at her.

"It isn‘t?"

The delicate girl nodded, her expression strangely similar to one of relief.

"The Lord of Shadow did not just destroy the caravan. For some reason, he spared every human guarding it. He killed the thralls and the pilgrims, but left the soldiers alive."

Tamar's subtle smile widened a little.

"Don't we know the reason? He said it himself. It was because Lady Changing Star had asked him to be merciful."

She seemed strangely cheerful despite the slap dealt: to the Song Army. Rain, meanwhile, was a little dumbfounded.

She could easily believe that Lady Nephis had asked the sellsword Saint to be merciful. She could even believe that the Lord of Shadows would actually listen to her...

But subduing so many warriors? Not killing them, but defeating them without taking a single life?

Just how terrifying did one's power have to be to achieve a feat like that?

She felt both disturbed and relieved. Relieved because her fellow soldiers had been spared, and disturbed because the nebulous figure of the Lord of Shadows seemed even more frightening now.

What would happen on the day the enemy decided not to stay his blade?

Ray cursed quietly.

"I told you all that he was a scary bastard. The first time I saw him... gods. He said... Dreamer Ray, I've decided not to kill you! As if killing me was the default option! If not for Lady Nephis, I would have probably died right there and then."

Fleur looked at him scornfully.

"But he saved our lives, in the end. Show some gratitude."

Ray spared her an apologetic smile. 

Tamar sighed, took the cup of fragrant coffee that Fleur offered her, and said:

"In any case, the remnants of the caravan are still on the Right Arm. They are alive, but many are wounded — so, the army is sending a rescue force to bring them back. We'll know more once they reach the camp."

Then, her expression changed, and she looked around in confusion.

"But... what was that noise?"

Rain scratched the back of her head, receiving her own cup of coffee. "What noise? I didn't hear anything."

She was lying through her teeth, though.

She did hear it.

'What the hell?!‘

Tamar frowned.

"I am sure I heard something. Sounded like... humming?"




***
Chapter 1972: Private Conversation


***






Rain took a sip of coffee, hiding her face behind the tin cup.

She had heard it too!  

After all, the humming had come from her own shadow.

'What is this fool doing?!’

Feeling pins and needles, she gulped down the scalding coffee and forced out a smile.

"Well, anyway. I’ll go take a walk... I mean, Visit the baths. Thank you kindly, Fleur, the coffee was delicious."

She had to get away from her companions as quickly as possible, in case her teacher was planning to start whistling or actually break into a song.

Rain was truly flabbergasted. He had always been flawlessly cautious when around other people... what; could have made him commit such a ridiculous mistake?

Putting the cup down, she stood up, stretched one more time, and headed away from their small cluster of tents.

"Wait, Rani! Aren't you going to eat breakfast?"

Rain waved a hand and answered Tamar in a carefree tone:

"Later! I'm not very hungry."

'Damnation...‘

She needed to find somewhere private to talk to her teacher. Sadly, privacy was not very common in the crowded camp of the Song Army... still, she knew a place or two.

In fact, many soldiers did, since everyone needed privacy from time to time, for one reason or another — some as innocent as simply wanting to be alone, some a bit more salacious.

The place Rain had chosen was situated at the back of a large warehouse where the building materials were stored, not far from the towering Dream Gate. Now that the walls of the camp had been built, and the Queen was here, making damaging them a tall task for the Nightmare Creatures inhabiting Godgrave, very few people visited the warehouse, let alone walked around it.

She knew this place well.

Squeezing into a narrow space between the wall of the warehouse and a neat pile of stone slabs unloaded behind it, she leaned her back against one of them and closed her eyes for a moment.

Then, she looked at her shadow angrily and hissed:

"Hey! What was that?!"

Her shadow remained silent for a bit.

Then, it answered in an absentminded tone:

"Huh? What was what?"

Rain opened her mouth, losing the ability to talk for a second.

"The humming! Why the hell were you humming before?"

A second shadow emerged from her own and scratched the back of its head.

"...Was I humming? Oh... sorry. It must have been because I'm in a really good mood."

'Hc finally lost what little remained of his mind!‘

Rain didn't even know what to say.

Her teacher, meanwhile, assumed a human form, leaning on the wall of the warehouse across from her. He did indeed seem to be in a strangely good mood, with a subtle smile on his lips and a distant look in his eyes.

Rain had not seen him in the flesh for a long time, so being face—to—face once again warmed her heart. Still, she tried to maintain a stern expression.

He couldn‘t be so careless again!

Her teacher, meanwhile, gave her a long look.

"Right. Since we are already here, I actually wanted to talk to you about something."

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"Oh? Well... good."

He smiled.

"What, did you miss me?"

She raised her chin a little and looked at him with disdain.

"As if!"

...That was a lie. She had, indeed, missed him quite a bit. They had not seen each other in a long while, after all.

Her teacher laughed.

"How heartless. So, you didn't really want to see me..."

He let out a sigh and shook his head sadly.

"And here I was, all excited to show you all the wonderful new Memories I prepared for you..."

Rain eyes glistened. Taking a step forward, she grabbed his arm and looked at him with an expression of utter devotion.

"Teacher! Your student missed you so much! My heart ached so terribly at being unable to see you that I couldn't sleep at all... so I just counted days and hours, finding solace in the memories of how benevolent and amazing you are..."

He stared at her for a second, then laughed.

"That's better."

Then, he fell silent.

Rain waited for a few moments.

And for a few moments more.

Eventually, she spoke:

"Teacher... so, about those Memories?"

He grinned.

"Sure, I'll give it to you. But... not here. There's something else we need to do, so let's go somewhere more private."

Rain wanted to say that there weren't really any places more secluded than this one in the army camp, and that going outside unnoticed would not be easy...

But at that moment, her teacher fell into the shadows.

And pulled her with him.

A moment later, they were somewhere else, surrounded by darkness and the damp, suffocating smell of the jungle.

Everywhere around them, the vermilion jungle sprawled. Rain's nostrils were assaulted by countless smells, and her ears were assaulted by countless sounds. The rustle of leaves, the hum of abominable insects, the distant footsteps of dreadful predators... They were in the middle of the jungle, surrounded by darkness. That could only mean one thing...

Rain's eyes widened, and she suddenly felt cold. Her hair stood on end. "Teacher! Did... did you bring me to the Hollows?!"

Of course, she had kept her voice to a barely audible whisper.

He just nodded calmly, as if it was not even worthy of being mentioned.

"Yes. But don't worry... there are no Cursed Nightmare Creatures nearby. Only the Great Ones."

Rain shuddered.

'You bastard! What do you mean, "only" the Great Ones?!‘

Pulling her along, her teacher walked between the ancient trees and entered a small clearing.

There... somehow... Rain saw a familiar brick cottage.

She was too dazed to even bother wondering what it was doing in the Hollows.

This time, she was led to a back door — Rain was pretty sure that it had not existed the last time she saw the cottage, but now, it was undeniably there.

Inside was a vast chamber filled with darkness. And in the middle of that darkness... lay a towering mountain of items.

There were pieces of broken wagons, piles of precious mystical materials, bags of flour and rice, crates of arrows with arrowheads forged from sorcerous steel, barrels filled with unknown liquids, slabs of building stone... and so much more.

There was a very familiar symbol burned into the wooden crates, as well.

...The crest of the Royal Clan Song.

Rain froze.

Raising a shaking hand, she pointed at the mountain of supplies and asked in a small voice:

"Teacher... w—what is that?"

But she knew what it was. It was the supply caravan of the Song Army... what was left of it.

He glanced at the supplies briefly and shrugged.

"That? The supplies meant for the Song Army, of course."

Rain nodded.

'Right.‘

As if that explained anything!

She struggled to speak for a moment.

"But what are they doing here?"

Her teacher sighed.

"Well, I thought: that it would be a real shame to just burn them all or toss them into the Sea of Ash. So, I commandeered them instead. Oh, but don't tell anyone... officially, all these supplies were destroyed..." Feeling like she was losing her mind, Rain took a deep breath, and then whispered loudly:

"But why do you have them?! It was the Lord of Shadows who attacked the caravan! That scary bastard!"

The monster whom even Princess Revel couldn't defeat.

Her teacher stared at Rain with a surprised expression.

Then, he scratched his nose.

"...Wait, you really didn't know?"

What was she supposed to know?!

Rain silently shook her head.

He coughed.

"It's because I am the Lord of Shadows."

Noticing Rain's dumbfounded expression, her teacher smiled pleasantly.

"Just think about it... anyone claiming to be the Lord of Shadow would be claiming to be the lord of me. And even if there was a fool crazy enough to do something like that, I would have probably sent them to see the Shadow Realm real quick... to dissuade them..."




***
Chapter 1973: Me, Myself, and I


***






For a while, there was nothing but silence in the dark hall.

Then, there was more silence. 

Rain stared at her teacher with wide eyes.

‘What did he just say?’

It seemed that she imagined that her teacher claiming to be the Lord of Shadows…

The Lord of Shadows - the mysterious Saint of Godgrave, the sinister sellsword who had offered his blade to the King of Valor, faced Princess Revel in the battle at Vanishing Lake, and decimated a supply caravan of the Song Army alone, sparing the lives of two hundred Awakened and Ascended warriors at Changing Star's behest.

That Lord of Shadows.

‘Wait…’

The Lord of Shadows who had saved the lives of Tamar, Ray, and Fleur!

…At Changing Star's behest.

The situation was so shocking that Rain was struggling to form a single cohesive though, but despite all its seriousness, an entirely frivolous memory surfaced in her mind instead of something important.

It was one of her teacher's preposterous rants:

“Do you know Princess Nephis? Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan? I was practically her boyfriend!”

Rain almost swayed.

‘No… no, wait!’

She pierced her teacher with an intense gaze, momentarily forgetting even about the sweet Memories he had promised to give her.

“Teacher… you… you really are the Lord of Shadows?”

The bastard had started humming again, at some point.

Hearing her, he looked at her and smiled.

“Sure. Now can we move on to…”

Rain did not let him finish.

“No! We absolutely cannot move on! What the… how… I mean, why… no, what do you mean, you're the Lord of Shadows?! He's all the way in the camp of the Sword Army! When he was fighting Princess Revel, you were with me! When he was saving Tamar, you were helping me track down the Huntsman! How does that make any sense?! What, you can be in two places at the same time? Following me around and simultaneously acting as the Lord of Shadows ?”

Her teacher gave her a confused look.

“What? Of course not…”

Rain let out a relieved sign.

‘Thank the gods! It was another one of his preposterous lies.’

However, she celebrated too early. Because her teacher wasn't done talking.

“I can be in seven places at the same time. Actually, I am also a Knight Commander of Clan Valor and the Memory Purveyor of the Ivory Island. Oh… and I also run a small restaurant in Bastion. It's quite popular!”

Rain just started at him with dumbfounded expression.

Her teacher looked at her with concern and smiled.

“Do you want to sit down?”

She nodded slowly.

“Yeah.”

A moment later, specks of darkness swirled in the air and formed into an opulent wooden chair. Her teacher moved it caringly to stand just behind Rain, and she lowered herself onto the seat.

‘Aaa!’

So… her teacher could be in seven places at the same time.

She had to repeat it several times mentally for the meaning of this words to sink in.

Rain covered her face with a palm.

‘Let’s think about it…’

Something like that was unheard of… but not really impossible. After all, there were all kinds of Aspects in the world, and all kinds of unnatural powers wielded by the Nightmare Creatures. Anything was possible!

Actually, it even made a lot of sense.

She had long noted how similar her teacher and the Lord of Shadows seemed. It was just that she could not have concluded that they were one and the same without this key piece of information. Assuming that a person could exist in several places at the same time would have been quite an unreasonable leap of logic, after all.

Who could have guessed that her closest companion was also a complete stranger... a sinister Saint serving the King of Swords, no less?

And what was that, had he mentioned something about running a restaurant in Bastion?!

‘A restaurant?!’

Somehow, that last detail rattled her mind more than the rest of what he had said.

No, that was not important right now.

Rain could reluctantly accept that her teacher possessed the power to live several lives at the same time. But…

She lowered her hand and looked at him

“Teacher… what the hell!”

He scratched back of his head.

“Huh? What are you angry about this time?”

Rain's eyes narrowed.

"If you are really the Lord of Shadow, one of the most fearsome champions of the Sword Army... then why the hell did you let me join the Song Army?! Did it not occur to you that being on the different sides of this damned war might pose a bit of a problem for us?!”

He looked at her with a strange expression.

"What do you mean? Of course, it did! Have you forgotten that I tried to dissuade you? But no, you just had to be all moral and righteous... I can't just sit on the sidelines! These are the people I know, and they will be the ones who suffer! I can't step back and do nothing! Those were your words... do you even know how loudly I was cursing on the inside while going on about how you are joining the war?"

Rain's eye twitched.

"Well... when you put it like that..."

Her teacher scoffed.

"But I couldn't very well stomp on your principles, so I kept quiet. Well, it doesn't matter that much, anyway. Who says that you and me being on different sides will become a problem? Me and me are on different sides as well, and I'm not worried."

Hearing that last sentence, Rain felt a strong headache.

As if it made sense!

It was too bizarre.

Not only had her teacher been living several lives at the same time, but one of his incarnations was even a general of the opposing army... the most feared general of them all! The very same sinister Saint who had just attacked the supply caravan of Song.

The incriminating evidence was right here an entire mountain of stolen... commandeered, as he had called it... supplies.

And he had not even taken them in the name of the Sword Army. He had just hoarded them for himself!

Her eyes trembled.

‘My teacher... is a bandit! He's a shameless, flagrant highwayman!’

But then again, that one actually wasn't that surprising. Quite the opposite, really.

She could believe it easily. That sounded exactly like something her teacher would do...

Rain took a deep breath.

‘So…’

Her teacher was pretending to be a sellsword Saint who had been hired by the King of Swords. He was also the Knight Commander of the Great Clan Valor. He was also the Memory Purveyor - whatever that meant - of the Ivory Island, which was Changing Star's own Citadel.

And he was a master chef somewhere in Bastion on top of that!

‘Right.’

It was going to take her some time to come to terms with these facts.

‘Just as expected from a dark deity.’ 

No... was he really a dark deity?

Suddenly, Rain came to realize that she knew very little about her teacher, despite spending almost every day of these past four years in his company.

She took a deep breath and looked at him soberly.

After hesitating for a while, Rain asked:

"Teacher... who are you, really?”




***
Chapter 1974: Lost Time


***






Rain hesitated, trying to formulate her question better.

"I mean... are you a human? A spirit? Some strange apparition that enjoys cooking, terrifying vast armies of Awakened, and educating young maidens? And don't you dare say that you are just a shadow! What does that even mean?"

Her teacher stared at her for a few moments. 

"Well... a shadow is the dark area that appears when an object blocks the source of light..."

Rain clenched her fists.

"That's not what I was asking!”

He laughed, then commanded the shadows to rise from the floor and manifest into another - much less comfortable, from the looks of it - chair.

Sitting down, her teacher shrugged.

"What are you even talking about? I am just a human Saint."

Rain shook her head energetically.

"No! I've met Saints, and there are no human Saints like you. You never sleep, never eat, live in the shadows, and go around slaying Skinwalker vessels as if they were children. You even know how to guide a person to Awakening without infecting them with the Spell. And that is just one-seventh of you!"

He hesitated for a little while.

"Well, alright. I'm not... just... a human Saint. I am quite special, as far as human Saints go."

Leaning back, he smiled.

"In fact, there is no one else like me. As far as I know, there are two other Transcendent humans who can rival my power. However, I am unique even among them... because I am not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell anymore."

Rain blinked.

'A Saint... who is not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell?'

Anymore?

How was that possible?

Noticing her confused expression, her teacher chuckled.

"It's a long story - a story that spans thousands of years, actually, so forgive me if I don't go into detail. Suffice it to say, I met a very loathsome Cursed Terror in my Third Nightmare... and here I am."

He hesitated, and then added.

"My original body is someplace else. Unlike this incarnation, it does eat, sleep, and perform all the things that humans tend to do. The version of me that has been following you around, meanwhile, is one of my shadows. That is why I sometimes seem a bit weird, compared to normal humans."

Rain studied him silently.

'So that's how it is!'

She felt satisfied, because things were finally starting to make sense…

But, strangely enough... she also felt a little betrayed. Because her teacher had an entire other life - several of them, actually - that she knew nothing about.

Suddenly, something occurred to her.

"Teacher... if you are a human, then what is your name?"

He coughed.

"My name? Huh... well, if you must know, my name is Sunless. But people usually call me Sunny."

Rain stared at her for a few moments.

Then, she leaned back and laughed.

The laughter came on its own, and although she had tried, she failed to contain it.

"Oh... oh, sorry! It's just funny. Because people used to call me Rainy."

Sunny and Rainy... they were quite a pair, weren't they?

'No... I just can't call Teacher that way!'

Rain felt a strange warmth spread in her chest after finally learning his name. But, at the same time, it was very strange, to think about calling her teacher by such a mundane and human name she could at least imagine calling him Sunless, but "Sunny"...

'Nope. No way!'

Even if he really was a human, he had not deserved to be treated like one!

After everything he had put her through…

Rain spend some time in silence, digesting the earth - shattering revelations that had befallen her out of nowhere.

'He's the damn Lord of Shadows!'

Eventually, another thought suddenly flashed in her mind, and her expression changed.

'We are quite a pair?'

Now that she knew about the many incarnations of her teacher, she could understand why he was ruling a Citadel in Godgrave and serving the King of Swords. She could also understand why he had positioned himself close to Lady Nephis.

She could even understand why he would run a restaurant, somewhat.

In fact, out of all the lives her teacher had mentioned, only one wasn't making any sense.

This one. The life in which he followed a random mundane girl around, taught her how to survive and thrive in the dire world, and guided her on the Path of Ascension.

Why was this tremendously powerful Saint, someone who clearly aimed to exert influence on the flow of history, was wasting his time with her?

Rain was no one special. She was hardworking and talented, yes, but so were countless other people.

In fact...

Hadn't their first ever encounter been strange, to begin with?

Because even back then, in the nameless convenience store in NQSC, her teacher had already known her name.

Rain raised her head and looked at him intently.

"Teacher..."

He smiled faintly.

"Yes? Are you ready to take a look at those Memories? I've worked really hard on them, you know!"

Usually, Rain would have been mesmerized by the promise of receiving new Memories, but today, she did not even spare them a second thought.

Instead, she asked:

"Why did you offer to teach me?"

He stared at her silently for a few moments.

Then, her teacher scoffed.

"Haven't I told you? It's because I am your long - lost brother."

Rain sighed.

"And I told you that I would have remembered having a brother."

He studied her for a while without saying a word.

Then, he shrugged nonchalantly.

"Weren't you adopted?"

Rain nodded slowly, not knowing what that had to do with anything.

'Wait...'

Her teacher smiled.

"Well, I was your brother before that. There... you have my permission to drop the 'teacher' and start calling me 'older brother' instead."

Rain froze.

'Before... that?'

She had no memories from before she was adopted. After all, that happened when she was very young - three years old, at best.

Her parents had never made a secret of the fact that she was not their biological child, and had never treated her differently because of that. That was why Rain had never really felt a need to learn where she had come from...

However, she had tried to find out eventually. Her parents helped her, and her dad even pulled some strings at work.

But there was nothing to learn. There was no robust centralized database that contained the records of every person living in the outskirts - in fact, many of them had no digital trace whatsoever. They weren't citizens, and so, the government did not care to waste manpower on keeping records of them.

All they found out was that Rain's parents were both deceased, her mother passing away last due to illness - even that was only a rumor an orphanage worker heard from the person who had worked there before him.

And that was all.

She had been a little disappointed to have learned nothing, but not too much.

So why... why did Rain feel like she was forgetting something?

It was as if she had just thought about it, but the thought slipped away.

Looking at her teacher, she asked evenly:

"If you are really my brother... then where have you been? Where have you been all this time?"

His smile dimmed a little.

Strangely, Rain found it hard to focus on what he was about to say.

Her teacher lingered for a few moments, then looked away.

"Rotting in the outskirts, at first. And then... well. I can't really tell you, and you should not ask."

Rain looked at him, stunned. 

He was not joking. He had not been joking, from the start.

She felt... some strange, inexplicable emotion rising in her heart.

She thought that she had never cared about her original family and about her past. But now, it seemed that she had been wrong.

Or maybe she had simply forgotten.

Looking at the young man sitting in front of her...

The familiar, insufferable, whimsical, caring, strong, funny, unreliable, dependable man who had been her companion, confidant, teacher, and protector for the last four years...

Rain took a shaky breath.

Then, she said tentatively:

"B... brother?"




***
Chapter 1975: The Incredible Adventures and Astonishing Deeds of Heroic Dreamer Sunless and his Brave Disciple Rain, Abridged (Volume VIII)


***






Sunny had not planned to confess the truth of their bond to Rain today. He had only wanted to show her the spoils of his raid on the supply caravan, so that she could connect the dots and realize that her teacher and the Lord of Shadows were the same person.

The two armies were going to clash soon, so Sunny had judged that it was time to start slowly revealing the true nature of the war to Rain. She was directly involved in the conflict between the Sovereigns, after all, so he had to give her an opportunity to prepare herself for its resolution.

Because that resolution was not going to be what people on either side expected it to be. 

However, Rain reacted in a way that forced Sunny to share more truth than he had wanted to… and although he could have avoided her poignant question despite the strict limitations of his Flaw, after thinking about it for a few fleeting moments, he chose not to.

Perhaps it was because of what had happened between him and Nephis. Sunny had already forsaken reason and given up on holding back, completely, abandoning caution to blindly follow his desires. And since he had already betrayed one inhibition, the rest of them did not seem as sensible and important anymore.

What did he have to lose? He had nothing.

"B… brother?"

Hearing that word from Rain's mouth made Sunny flinch.

It was such an emotional moment. It was something that he had been wanting to hear… hear again… ever since saying goodbye to his little sister in the rundown orphanage, almost two decades ago.

And yet, he had not flinched because of the powerful, almost overwhelming feeling that swelled in his heart because of that word.

Instead, he had flinched out of sheer embarrassment.

It felt so awkward!

Partially because Sunny was almost afraid to choke up, but mostly because he could not help but cringe a little at the same time. Hearing Rain call him "brother" after the last four years was just too... unnatural.

He coughed, struggling with the desire to hide his face.

After a few moments of silence, Sunny said:

"...I take it back. You can continue to call me Teacher."

Rain studied him with a cautious, vulnerable expression.

For a moment, he was worried that his answer had heard her feelings…

But then, a faint smile twisted her lips.

"Big brother?"

Sunny shuddered.

'Even worse!'

"Stop it."

Rain's smile widened.

"Why… big brother?"

A heavy sigh escaped from Sunny's lips.

'I have not thought this through…'

***

Sunny led Rain out of the Brilliant Emporium. Both of them were silent, not quite sure how to treat each other now that the nature of their relationship was completely rewritten.

Sunny knew what his familial bond to Rain meant to him. She was the only family he had left in the world… for many years, she had been the only person he cared about in the world, as well. And even though there were other people he cared for deeply now, Rain still held a singular place in his heart.

But it was probably different for her.

What did the word "brother" even mean to his sister?

After all, she did not remember having him as a brother. As far as Rain was concerned, someone else was her family — people who had raised her, cared for her, and showered her with affection, never letting her feel alone or abandoned. Who had been with her for as long as she could remember herself. There was a lifetime of precious memories shared between them, unlike between her and Sunny.

Why would she long for something that she had never lacked?

Why would she miss someone she had never known?

So… Rain must have felt a little awkward and unsure of what to say, too.

However, she did speak soon after exiting the Brilliant Emporium.

That was because Sunny had moved the Marvelous Mimic while they were talking inside.

After ambushing the supply caravan, he had fled the battlefield with as much speed as he could muster, not sparing any essence. It was quite a prudent decision, considering that the battle had taken place within Ki Song's Domain — if he had not left swiftly, the Queen herself could have come to greet him.

As a result, Sunny had managed to return to the Nameless Temple in record time. He had not planned to bring Rain here again, yet, but changed his mind halfway through their conversation. Dismissing the Mimic from the Hollows below the warcamp of the Song Army, he summoned it again as the Lord of Shadows inside his Citadel.

So, Rain was quite surprised to see a vast underground chamber outside the Mimic's door instead of the ancient jungle of the Hollows.

She looked around with interest.

"...This is the Nameless Temple, then? The Citadel of the Lord of Shadows?"

Sunny nodded.

"Yes."

Rain took a deep breath.

"So you do have a Citadel, after all!"

He gave her an amused look.

"Didn't I say that I do?"

She lingered for a moment.

"Well, yeah… but you lie all the time, so I did not really believe it. I mean, you lived in my shadow for four… for four… for four years…"

Rain's voice slowly trailed off, as if she was starting to realize something.

Sunny scoffed.

"I never lie. Didn't I also tell you that I am the most honest person in the world? Two worlds, even."

His sister's eyes widened slowly.

He could guess what she was thinking about.

'The joke about being my brother turned out to be true. The story about ruling an ancient temple turned out to be true. Wait. Wait, wait, wait! If those are true… then what else is true?!'

Rain looked at him with a fearful expression.

A few moments later, she asked in a small voice:

"So… that story about killing an evil version of yourself?"

Sunny nodded.

"Ah, yes. That happened. He was such a hateful, odious, insufferable bastard! Good riddance."

Rain hesitated.

"What about sailing on a river of time that flows inside the corpse of an Unholy Titan?"

He shrugged.

"Sure. That was my Third Nightmare."

Her eyes shook a little.

Rain gulped, then took a deep breath.

"...What about being twenty-six years old, four years old, and several thousands of years old at the same time?"

Sunny glanced at her and smiled nonchalantly.

"River of time, remember? You would not believe the kind of shenanigans I survived there. It's also the reason why I am twenty-six years old despite having been born twenty-five years ago, and am five years older than you despite having been only four years older than you before. Oh, and the part about being four years old — that is the age of this incarnation of mine. I became a Saint during the Chain of Nightmares."

Rain just stared at him silently, dumbstruck.

"As if any of that nonsense makes any sense!"

Sunny smiled brightly.

"I'll give you that. The Tomb of Ariel was a little confusing…"

The young woman opened and closed her mouth several times, as if trying to force herself to ask the next question, but not daring to.

Eventually, she managed to squeeze out:

"What about being a celebrity, a war hero, and immensely rich?"

Sunny grinned.

"I used to be all of those at one point in time or another. Come to think about it, I am back to being all three now!"

Rain took a deep breath, remained silent for a while, and then asked weakly:

"Do you really... know someone who became a Saint as a baby?"

He raised an eyebrow.

'Huh. She remembers that, too?'

It seemed like his nagging had been quite memorable.

"Sure! You've heard of him too, actually… Little Ling, Saint Athena's son. Of course, you weren't there when he was born and did not feed him ice cream every week, unlike me. Oh, and I am also the only reason she met her husband…"

Rain remained silent for longer this time, then suddenly yelled:

"What about the blood of an ancient demon flowing in your veins?! What about devouring the bones of a nebulous deity?! What about ruling a fragment of a divine realm?!"

Sunny scratched the back of his head in embarrassment, then said humbly:

"...All true."

Rain staggered.

After a while, she asked in a quiet,, numb voice:

"Did Beastmaster really ask you to run away with her once?"

He laughed, which prompted Rain to glare at him angrily.

'I should probably tone it down…' 

"Well… yeah. Technically, she offered to run away from a Great Nightmare Creature together — but there were other candidates, and she chose me. I guess she likes me... a little."

His sister closed her eyes and fell silent.

Eventually, though, she asked in a shaking voice:

"...Is Lady Nephis really your girlfriend?"

Sunny tripped.

He did not answer for a while, then coughed and said in a neutral tone:

"Don't start calling her Sister-in-Law just yet… but yeah, it's true."

He paused for a moment, and then added with a dreamy smile:

"In fact, I'm in her bedroom right now…"

In the next moment, Sunny was surprised to find a fist flying toward his face. 




***
Chapter 1976: Rani of Shadow


***






Sunny failed to dodge Rain's punch.

...So, she hurt her hand. 

They ascended the stairs silently, but the silence was much less awkward than it had been a few minutes ago. In fact, it was quite comfortable, almost like before... well, if not for the fact that Rain groaned from time to time, cradling her bruised hand.

"What the hell are you made of, stone?"

Sunny looked at her and smiled.

"Actually... yeah, sort of. You see, there was this suit of armor I had, a Memory of something forged by the ruler of the Underwolrd..."

Rain shook her head decisively.

"No, no, stop. I don't want to know!"

He chuckled.

There were some Valor troops stationed at the Nameless Temple, but their camp was outside its walls. Still, they had access to the main hall and the Gateway located there, so Sunny took a roundabout way to the inner sanctum the courtyard beyond.

There, a tall tree stood in absolute darkness, its leaves rustling quietly in the wind.

Sunny led Rain across the black marble plates. As he did, the darkness around them stirred and surged, eventually manifesting into a long bench - sitting down, Sunny leaned back and inhaled deeply.

Rain sat down, too, looking around with curiosity. Her gaze grew a little tense at the sight of the tree, and she studied it cautiously.

Her caution was easy to understand - here in Godgrave, the only trees were those spawned by the abominable jungle. She had seen too many of her comrades being killed and consumed by them, enough so that the sound of rustling leaves had already become an instinctual fear.

Sunny sighed.

"Calm down. I brought it here from the waking world... it is a perfectly mundane tree."

He paused for a moment, and then added:

"Well, at least it should be.”

In truth, he wasn't quite sure. After being tended to by Shakti the Fire Keeper, this tree of his had recovered from its former malaise. It was doing quite well now, already having grown a bit taller... too well, even, considering the environment. It was only ever surrounded by shadows, after all.

Sunny honestly had no idea what was happening to his tree.

Hearing his words, Rain seemed to calm down. She looked around once more, and then asked suddenly:

"Wait. If you really are a Saint who rules a Citadel... and my brother... then…”

Her expression became a little strange.

"...Doesn't that make me an actual Legacy? I'm a Legacy?"

Sunny stared at her silently for a few moments.

That was an interesting question, actually.

He was one of the six most powerful humans in the world, did indeed conquer a Citadel with his own two hands, and had even unlocked his Aspect Legacy. More than that, Rain was a direct beneficiary of that Legacy now that she bore the Mark of Shadows.

There was no codified definition of what a Legacy clan was, really. Most of them had been founded by the prominent Awakened of the First Generation - those powerful and lucky enough to survive and thrive in the dire world of the Nightmare Spell. Ruling a Citadel and having a Legacy heirloom were common traits shared by many clans, but not all of them.

In fact, the hierarchy of the Awakened nobility had been shaken in recent years. With so many new Masters and Saints making a name for themselves in the wake of the Chain of Nightmares, some old families had suddenly found themselves inferior to the nameless newcomers.

Old clans fell out of power, and new ones were being established. Take the Han Li clan, for example, who had lost its most promising scion and never managed to produce a Saint- although not entirely forgotten, it had definitely declined, losing all influence.

It was funny to think that Sunny had once been afraid of their retaliation.

He scoffed.

"Girl... if you don't qualify to be a Legacy, then no one in the world can claim that they do."

Rain blinked a couple of times, then suddenly smiled.

"Well, well, well... who would have thought? Turns out I'm just as much of a princess as Tamar is. Ha! That is an entirely new perspective... how should I break the news to her, I wonder!"

She remained silent for a few moments.

"Wait, so what do I call myself? Rain of the Shadow Clan? Rain of Shadow? I mean... Rani of Shadow? That does sound kind of cool…”

Sunny did not answer immediately, since he was stumped himself.

What about him? Was he supposed to call himself Sunny of Shadow? Sunless of Shadow? No, that did not sound even remotely right.

But then again, Neph's grandfather had not called himself Immortal Flame of the Immortal Flame...

He was simply Immortal Flame.

So, Sunny did not have to call himself anything.

"You can call yourself whatever you want. However, do remember that if anyone learns of our relationship, the royal clan will probably capture and execute you as a spy. The Lord of Shadows is a champion of the Sword Domain, after all."

Rain smiled dimmed a little.

"Right. I guess I'll continue playing the peasant and let Tamar be the princess... for a while longer. But then!"

She laughed.

"I'll force her to call me Young Lady Rani for a week straight!"

After that, Rain gave Sunny a curious look, hesitated for a few moments, and said in a tone that was a little more subdued:

"If it was you who fought Princess Revel at Vanishing Lake, then you must have crossed swords with Tamar's dad, as well."

Her words hung in the silence, making the courtyard of the Nameless Temple feel a bit grim.

Sunny knew what Rain had left unsaid. It was that he could have become the murderer of her friend's father... and that fighting on the different sides of a bloody war was not as inconsequential as Sunny tried to make it look.

He shrugged.

"That Citadel was quite large. I only saw him from the distance, actually.”

Then, he looked at her and added:

"It is not your place or responsibility to think about these matters, Rain. You are merely an Awakened... in the grand scheme of the war, your beliefs and actions are insignificant. Not that they don't have value. In any case, you don't have to feel burdened by what is happening to the world. All you can do is follow your principles and do your best."

Sunny turned to the tree, remained silent, and then added, a hint of coldness finding its way into his voice:

"People like me will deal with the rest.”

Rain studied him for a while, then asked neutrally:

"Because your beliefs and actions are significant, unlike mine?" 

Sunny smiled darkly and shook his head. 

"The only difference between you and me... is that I am strong enough to force my beliefs onto others, and reshape the world with my actions. Strength is the only virtue that matters, in the end. And weakness is the only sin."

She let out a quiet sigh and looked at the tree, as well, listening to the peaceful rustle of its leaves.

After a while, Rain asked:

Why did you bring a tree from the waking world here, anyway?"

Sunny lingered for a moment, and then smiled.

"Because it is my grave."




***
Chapter 1977: Their Legacy


***






Rain lingered for a moment, then said in a neutral tone:

"That's... a bit ominous." 

Sunny chuckled and looked at the tree with a distant expression. Eventually, he glanced at her with a faint smile.

"I wanted you to see this tree, actually."

He paused for a heartbeat or two, then looked away.

"People in the outskirts rarely get to have graves. The place is terribly overcrowded - well, at least it used to be before the Dream Gates and the mortality rate is extremely high. Bodies get disposed of in a very utilitarian way, so there's nothing left behind."

Sunny sighed.

"Very few people from the outskirts survive the First Nightmare, as well. So, I was quite convinced that I would die when the Spell chose me. I didn't mind that much, really, but it was a bit sad to think that there would be no trace of me left in the world..."

He paused for a moment and smiled wryly, realizing how ironic it was. After all, that was exactly what had happened to him, in the end every trace of his life had been erased from existence, leaving nothing behind. He had assured this obliteration willingly, earnestly, and with his own hands.

Oblivious to his thoughts, Rain listened to him intently.

Sunny looked at her, then pointed to the lonely tree.

"That was why I carved a line into this tree before entering the Nightmare. You know... to leave my mark on the world."

She traced his finger and studied the dark bark, then frowned slightly.

"But there are three lines.”

Sunny nodded.

"Yes. That is because I had carved two lines into the tree before that."

He paused for a few moments.

"For our parents."

Rain grew quiet, looking at the three lines with a guarded expression.

Sunny smiled wistfully.

What could he say?

After a while, he finally spoke:

"They were good people, the two of them. Actually, they were very mundane people, but that is already an accomplishment in the outskirts. Our father... I don't really remember him that well. In my memory, he is more of a feeling than a person - something big, quiet, strong, and caring. Mom used to say that he had a mischievous side and quite a hot temper hiding behind the calm facade, but I don't know. He worked on one of the city barrier maintenance crews, and died in an accident not long after you were born. Stuff like that happens all the time to maintenance workers."

Sunny did not know a lot about his father, but he did know some things. The mere fact that his dad had been a maintenance worker instead of ending up in one of the local gangs spoke a lot about his character. The way he had cared about his family was quite telling, too.

He had been a good person, and both Sunny and Rain inherited some of that goodness... it seemed.

It suddenly occurred to Sunny that Rain's mild obsession with building and infrastructure, which she had picked up while working as a laborer on the road crew, might have come from their dad.

He smiled.

"Our mom... now that I think about it, when you were born, she was about as old as you are now. She was very cheerful, soft... and pretty. Well, at least from what I remember. Actually, you look a lot like her. When I saw you for the first time, I thought - thank the gods, unlike me, Rain took after mom!"

Sunny chuckled.

Rain indeed resembled their mom very much. Of course, her beauty was far more striking... after all, she was an Awakened. Perhaps more importantly than that, she had grown up in an affluent district of NQSC, breathing clean air and eating well.

Their mother, however, had spent all her life in the outskirts, where the air was toxic and the best food one could get was synthpaste. She had been affected by this harsh and unforgiving environment, inside and out.

...Still, in Sunny's memory, she was breathtaking.

His smile widened a little as he looked at Rain, studying her features subtly.

"She loved us very much. Mom worked in a factory that produced air filtration systems, and spent all her free time taking care of you and me. We lived in a small cell in one of the hives, on one of the highest floors. In the winter, she often cuddled with us on the floor, sharing her warmth and reading to us."

Sunny searched her memory for more details, not knowing what else to say.

"Oh, yes... she liked reading. We had an old communicator with a cracked screen, and she downloaded all kinds of stuff from the network to read. She especially liked fanciful stories about the world before the Dark Times. What else? Her favorite snack was fried synthpaste crumbs, with whichever spices she could get, She called me Sunless because I was born during an eclipse, and called you Rain because you were born during a storm."

Rain's eyes widened slightly.

He paused, remained silent for a few moments, and then sighed.

"...She got sick when you were about three, and eventually passed away. I... hope you never believed that you had been abandoned. Because she would have never left you... or me... by choice. It's just that life is hard in the outskirts."

Sunny hesitated for a while, looking at the gently rustling tree.

Eventually, a pale smile twisted his lips. 

"I know that it probably doesn't mean as much to you as it does to me. After all, you already have parents, and they are quite wonderful parents at that. I don't want or expect you to feel any particular way about what I told you, either. It's just that... being forgotten is quite a sad thing. No one remembers mom and dad in this world, except me... but now, you can remember them too. It makes me happy to know that."

Rain remained silent for a few moments.

Then, she said quietly:

"I will. I'll keep them well in my memory."

Sunny smiled.

With that, he stretched his arms above his head and let out a long sigh.

"Well, good. Now, speaking of Memories... we were sidetracked for quite a long time, weren't we? Young Lady Tamar is probably wondering what the hell are you doing in the baths for so long. So, let's get to the important stuff, shall we?”

Rain studied his face with a sober expression for a while, then smiled tentatively.

"Sure. After all, as a Legacy, I should receive some cool stuff, shouldn't I? I swear, there has never been a poorer Legacy than me... and a stingier founder of a Legacy Clan than you. Big brother..."




***
Chapter 1978: Shiny New Heirloom


***






After speaking to Rain about their parents, Sunny felt strangely at peace. The darkness surrounding the Nameless Temple was safe and nurturing, and the quiet rustle of the leaves was pleasantly soothing. Added to his previous euphoria, it seemed like nothing could spoil his tranquil mood.

But, at the same time, he didn't feel quite well about himself. After all, he had unexpectedly dumped the knowledge that they were family on Rain, and then proceeded to give her a lecture about their dead parents... whom she did not even remember.

Rain was a young woman who was trying to find her place in the world while dealing with the appalling nature of war the former was already difficult enough, but the latter was a mental burden that no human could carry well, let alone endure unscathed.

Sunny knew it better than most

And yet here he was, adding to her burden. 

Feeling a bit guilty, he decided to sweeten the deal with some gifts.

Luckily, there were the Memories he had prepared for her.

Although Rain seemed a little distant and subdued, her eyes glistened at the mention of Memories. She had witnessed and survived so many horrors since the start of the war, after all, and unlike other Awakened soldiers, she had not received any rewards from the Spell in the process.

The same Awakened soldiers were walking around with their shiny new Memories on full display, and she saw them every minute of every day.

Naturally, Rain was excited.

And Sunny's mood improved even further after witnessing her excitement.

"Alright... here we go. Don't thank me too enthusiastically!"

With that, he summoned the [Bag of Withholding] and presented it to her proudly.

However, her reaction was not what he had expected.

Instead of bursting with delight and admiration, Rain's just continued to look at him expectantly.

Her expression did not change at all.

She remained silent for a few moments, looking at him with lively anticipation, then blinked a few times and glanced behind him.

Sunnv tilted his head a little.

"What's wrong?"

Rain smiled cautiously.

"...That's not it, is it?"

'What a strange question...'

Still holding the Bag of Withholding in one hand, he scratched the back of his head with the other.

"I mean... yes? That's it."

Her smile froze a little.

Slowly, the excited gleam of Rain's eyes was replaced with something that strangely resembled fury.

A seething kind of fury.

Leaning forward, she shouted suddenly:

"What do you mean, that's it?! One Memory? One?! After everything I went through, and all the abominations I killed? Am... am I a joke to you?! What kind of a damned Legacy lord are you, huh? Big brother!"

Sunny stared at her in shock.

Then, he stared some more.

After that, he let out a quiet sigh and said with reproach:

"Open it, you idiot."

Rain frowned, then grabbed the leather backpack from his hand without spending even a second to appreciate the delicate stitching and tasteful decorative details, at that! - and opened the clasp roughly.

A moment later, she forgot to breathe.

Sunny scoffed.

"Such an ingrate..."

Rain raised her head, looking at him with burning eyes.

Her expression was strangely intense.

"Is that... a spatial storage Memory?"

And her voice was strangely hoarse.

Sunny nodded dismissively.

"Yeah. Just a little something I crafted for practice... it's called the Bag of Withholding, by the way. I put everything else inside."

In the next moment, he was suddenly deafened by a high- pitched squeal, and then frightened by a low, completely unladylike boast of laughter.

"Big brother is the best..."

Sunny's eyes twitched.

"I told you to stop calling me that."

Rain continued to stare at the Bag of Withholding.

"Whatever..."

She studied the leather backpack with bright eyes, then nodded in satisfaction and finally looked up.

"We can work on your naming sense later. Let's see what's inside!"

Sunny frowned in confusion.

'What? What is wrong with my naming sense?'

...But that was an exercise in self- delusion. In fact, he knew perfectly well what was wrong with it.

'Alright, alright. She's not wrong. But... at least I named the other Memories exceptionally well...'

Rain carefully took the Memories in question out of the Bag of Withholding.

Soon, they were all laid neatly on the bench between them.

Sunny pointed to a green flask housed in a black leather sleeve.

"This is the [Green Canteen]. It can store a great amount of water, as well as purify it. Just like the last time, you need to infuse a bit of your essence to claim it as your Memory."

Rain did just that and smiled in satisfaction.

"This is great. Not only can I drink as much as I want, but I can also use it if my water ration in the baths runs out!"

Sunny nodded.

"Yeah. Just don't forget to refill it from time to time. It is quite voluminous, but not boundless."

With that, he pointed to three arrows.

"These are [Heavy Burden], [Outskirts at Noon], and [Don't Cut Yourself]..."

Rain gave him a strange look.

"Really? Those are the names you went with?"

Sunny gritted his teeth.

"Yes. If you don't like them, I can just take them back..."

Rain quickly swept up the arrows and pressed them against her chest.

"No, no! I like them a lot! I can't believe you managed to create something so ingenious, deadly, and aptly named! Uh... what do they do, exactly?"

Sunny gave her an unamused look, then a detailed explanation. As he talked, Rain's expression slowly grew more serious.

Eventually, she nodded.

"I see. Quite powerful, indeed... but I will have to use them tactically. Otherwise, they'll just drain my essence without accomplishing anything.”

Sunny held the same opinion.

"It should become a bit easier as you absorb more soul shards, but yes. The potency of Memories I can craft for you is limited by the quantity and quality of your essence. The more powerful a Memory is, the steeper the price of using it will be."

Some of the more powerful Memories could even kill their wielder if used carelessly. Others came with their own kind of Flaws to balance their dire power... like the Sin of Solace, for example.

That cursed thing...

Moving on from the three arrows, Sunny briefly explained what [Safety First] and the [Pièce de Résistance] did. Rain was especially impressed by the latter...

But not for the right reason.

"A cooling effect?! Ah! It's the best!"

Sunny stared at her for a few moments and shook his head in dejection.

'Does she not realize how revolutionary its other enchantments are... tsk! Too young, too naive...'

He made sure that Rain claimed and summoned both Memories before moving on to the last one. An additional layer of protection was added to the Puppeteer's Shroud, making the armor look much more suitable for intense melee.

Sunny appreciated the subtle, but tasteful blend of grey fabric and black leather, giving himself a mental pat on the shoulder. He had been sure of the defensive properties of this Memory, but worried a little about its aesthetic value. After all, it wasn't easy to design it in a way that complemented the look of the Puppeteer's Shroud perfectly.

But he had done well. His sister looked positively... cool, sharp, and darkly formidable in this enchanted armor.

Finally, he pointed to the sash made from glistening black silk.

"And this... is the [In Case of Emergency]. The most important Memory you'll possess during this war."

Rain frowned, then picked up the silk sash and tied it around her waist.

It went well with the Puppeteer's Shroud, as well, making Sunny regret not having this version of

the enchanted armor on the Forgotten Shore.

A moment later, he shuddered in fright.

'Oh, no! Have I been infected by Kai?!'

Throwing the terrifying thought out of his head, he looked at Rain.

"Activate the enchantment."

She did as he told... and suddenly froze.

Not just figuratively, but quite literally.

Even a few strands of her beautiful raven-black hair that the wind had been playing with hung motionlessly in the air, as if frozen in time.

Of course, they were merely frozen in space.

The only sign that Rain was still alive was that her chest was still rising and falling subtly.

Sunny nodded in satisfaction.

"Deactivate the enchantment."

Rain's hair fell, and she took a deep breath while throwing a complicated look at the silk sash.

He sighed.

"That is in case a Cloudbreak catches you unaware. Never take this Memory off while you're in Godgrave... do you understand?"

Rain threw a tense look at him, then nodded slowly.

Sunny smiled.

"Good. Well, then..." 

Time was waiting for no one. There was one more thing he needed to talk to Rain about - quite an important thing, too - but it was going to have to wait.

"You've been gone from the camp for too long. I better bring you back..."

Rain smiled.

"Sure. Let's go."

She looked at him with mischief in her eyes, and added:

"Big..."

Before she could finish the sentence, Sunny dismissed the shadows forming the bench they were sitting on, and watched as Rain fell to the marble floor with a startled yelp.




***
Chapter 1979: Sweet Dreams


***






Someplace else, Sunny slowly opened his eyes. 

Pure sunshine was pouring through the tall arched windows, and the air was suffused with warmth. The sweltering heat of Godgrave was dispelled by a pleasant breeze.

The storm was long over, and the world was at peace.

His body felt refreshed and revitalized despite having been enveloped by a blissful fatigue not too long ago, and his mind was at ease. He had slept well... better than he had ever slept in his life.

Waking up in Neph's bed for the second time in a row felt quite amazing.

Of course, this time, he had not just fallen asleep atop the covers.

Feeling a tantalizing, warm softness pressing against his chest, Sunny raised his head and rested it on a hand, looking down.

Nephis was sleeping peacefully by his side, in his embrace. Her long, beautiful silver hair was scattered across the pillow, glistening in the sunlight. Her face was smooth and enchanting, more vulnerable than it had ever seemed before. Below it, her slender neck led to a round, alabaster shoulder... and beyond that, the alluring sight of her delicate clavicle was revealed, making his heart race.

To Sunny's chagrin, the rest was covered by a pristine white sheet.

Still, there was probably no sight more lovely in the entire world.

He remained motionless for a while, delighting in the breathtaking scene and listening to the subtle sound of Neph's tranquil breathing.

His mind was a little empty.

This moment, this feeling, this... closeness. He had been wanting it so desperately, and for long.

Being here, with her, was almost too meaningful to fathom.

And he did not really want to fathom it, either or anything, for that matter. He was in too good of a mood to spoil it with excessive thinking, and wished to simply enjoy the blissful beauty of the moment.

He wished that it would never end.

How fitting it was, for him to attain what he wanted so deeply in the tower of the Demon of Desire...

With a quiet sigh, Sunny lowered his head back to the pillow and closed his eyes, enveloped in Neph's smell and basking in the sensation of her warmth.

Perhaps... it was alright to sleep for a bit more.

He had almost drifted back into the gentle embrace of sleep when a tentative voice suddenly resounded in his mind:

[Uh... Sunny?]

Sunny opened one eye, startled a little and dissatisfied by the sudden interruption.

[What?]

Cassie remained silent for a few moments, then asked in calm tone:

[Are you guys coming down any time soon? Because, you know... you've been locked up there for a couple of days, already. And Nephis is technically in charge of this entire camp. There are some decisions I can't make alone.]

Cassie spoke in a composed, nonchalant tone... but that only made Sunny feel more embarrassed about what she had said.

For a split second.

Then, a satisfied smile crept up on his face.

'Why yes, we have...!

Sunny answered without opening his eyes, still lost in the softness, warmth, and sunlight.

[Sorry. Nephis is... a bit tired. We should probably let her rest for a while longer, but I'll be there shortly and lend a hand.]

With that, he decisively relaxed his mind, intending to sleep.

At the same moment, his shadow glided across the floor and slid out of the chamber.

Assuming a human form on the stairs, Sunny stretched his arms above his head, sighed sweetly, and walked down with a spring in his step.

Cassie was not too far away, buried under a pile of reports in her office. Walking in, Sunny picked one of them up and briefly studied the contents.

'Huh.

On a usual day, his mood would have been dampened, but today, Sunny simply put the report down.

"So soon?"

Cassie nodded.

"The royal legions of the Song Army are already on the move. The Seventh Legion will be departing for the battlefield in a few hours, most likely.”

She hesitated for a few moments, and then added:

"This time, Seishan and Beastmaster will be joining the fray, as well. Revel has not been seen on the surface since the battle for the Vanishing Lake, though... it is highly likely that she is leading an expedition to the Spine Ocean, already."

Sunny looked away, the darkness in his eyes growing a little bit deeper, and a little bit colder.

"What about the Sovereigns themselves?"

Cassie shook her head.

"It seems that they are not going to take direct action against each other until both of the remaining Citadels are conquered. For now, they will be serving as a deterrent for each other... although I am not sure if Ki Song can even be contained. Her power is an insidious one, after all."

Sunny nodded slowly.

"So... it is an all-out war."

Cassie leaned back in her seat and sighed.

"...Yes. We have received orders to set out west a few hours ago. Nephis, the Fire Keepers, me, Saint Tyris, and the warriors of the White Feather clan - we'll be traveling to the battlefront on the Chain Breaker."

He frowned.

Traveling aboard a flying ship was suicide in Godgrave. The only reason why such an order could have been given... was probably because of Sky Tide, who would be traveling with them.

Which also meant that she would be in the very thick of the bloodshed. Considering how important the role of Saint Tyris was, the champions of Clan Song would stop at nothing to eliminate her.

Pairing her with Nephis was probably as much for her own protection as it was for the safety of the Chain Breaker.

...And Sunny had to safeguard both Sky Tide and Nephis well.

He glanced at Cassie.

"What about the Lord of Shadows?"

She shrugged.

"I suspect that he will be summoned to participate in the first few major battles, at least. Beyond that, we will have to see what the King is planning."

Sunny smiled darkly.

He remained silent for a few moments, and then said with cold indifference:

"Let's give them war, then."

Hearing his words, Cassie nodded slowly.

"If that is the case, there are a lot of preparations that have to be done. Everyone is busy, so... I would appreciate some help."

She gestured to the pile of papers laying on her desk. Some were written in Braille, but some were not.

Cassie needed someone's eyes to read them.

Sunny silently walked to stand behind her shoulder and looked down.

He hesitated for a few moments, and then couldn't help but ask:

"Don't you have any questions, by the way? About, you know..."

"I don't!"

Cassie's swift response came before he could even finish the question.

Her voice was a little bit too loud, as well.

...Sunny could swear that the indomitable blind seer even blushed a little.

Where was her composure? Where was her nonchalance?

He grinned.

"Well, good. Don't be like Effie..."

Cassie took a deep breath.

"As if!"

He chuckled, then hesitated a little, and asked in a calm tone:

"How are things in Bastion?"

Cassie remained silent and motionless for a moment.

When she spoke, though, Sunny couldn't help but flinch.

"...Bastion is gone.” 

Finally, a deep frown found its way onto his face.

"Gone? What do you mean? Have Mordret taken it already?"

Cassie sighed, then shook her head.

"No... I mean it is literally gone. The castle, the city, and the people."

Her voice grew somber:

"All that is left are the broken walls, the lake, and the shattered moon.”




***
Chapter 1980: Flawed Creation


***






Morgan opened her eyes in the darkness. She had fallen asleep while sitting on the cold stone floor, her back leaning against a slab of crumbling stone. The wind was howling as it passed through the ruins of the main keep, and pale moonlight poured through the gaping holes of its partially collapsed dome.

Taking a deep breath, she leaned on her sword and stood up. 

Her vermilion cloak had turned to tatters, and her black armor was broken and battered. Dismissing both Memories to give them some time to mend themselves, Morgan felt a cold wind caress her skin gently. It was a pleasant feeling, especially after days spent in frenetic fighting.

Her black tunic fluttered slightly, revealing how littered it was with tears, most of them crusted by blood.

She sighed and listened to the sounds of the ruined castle, trying to evaluate if there were any immediate threats.

It did not seem that way. Her companions would have warned her if the enemy was launching another attack… or if something else was. They would not have been eliminated without a fight, either, and there was no chance that she would have missed such a disturbance.

It seemed that Mordret was still licking his wounds after the last assault, just like they were.

'Good...'

Morgan walked into the moonlight and looked up at the tall dais towering above the ruined hall.

There was no throne on the dais, and no altar. Instead, there was only an iron anvil.

Beautiful swords were scattered on the floor below the dais, glistening in the cold moonlight. There had been a mountain of them here once, but her father had taken most of the swords with him to Godgrave, to use in the battle against the Raven Queen.

Morgan stared at the abandoned swords for a while, a strange mixture of regret and amusement shining in her striking scarlet eyes.

It used to be that she admired the swords her father had forged quite a lot, never missing the chance to steal a look at them. But now, she saw them for what they were — flawed creations that had been discarded by their demanding creator for failing to live up to his harsh expectations.

Morgan knew because she was one such creation herself.

…Thank the gods.

People seemed to be disturbed by the notion, but she had always known that her father saw her as a blade to be forged into a flawless weapon more than he saw her as a human being. That was how he saw everyone, really, and the only distinction between her and the rest of them was that she had been the most promising of blades.

One made of most precious steel, one that he had harbored the most hopes for, and had forged with most care.

Morgan knew that people had always misunderstood her father. To them, he was many things: a great warrior, a genius sorcerer, a wise ruler… a fearsome tyrant.

But what he really was, first and foremost, was an artist. An artist who resented the deep imperfection of the world and rebelled against it, striving to create one flawless thing with all his heart.

A flawless sword.

Morgan had been meant to become that sword, so she understood him best, and she had been fine — happy, even — to carry that responsibility, despite how cold and harsh its weight was. She had been proud.

It had all changed after Antarctica, of course.

Looking at the scattered swords, Morgan sighed.

There, she had learned the error of her ways. Ever since being a child, Morgan had always done what she was told. She had followed the guidance of her father, enduring his harsh training by sacrificing most of what other children had, and what most other people cherished. She had always excelled, never failed, and satisfied his every demand.

And she still lost.

Which inevitably made her think about the reason for her defeat, of course.

What Morgan realized as a result… was quite disturbing.

If she had done everything her teachers told her to do flawlessly and without complaint, and still lost, then the fault did not lay with her.

Instead, the fault lay with her teachers, and the very form they were trying to mold her to…

In truth, it was not just the King of Swords who had become disappointed in his daughter after Antarctica.

Morgan had become disappointed in her father, too.

'Good thing I did.'

Looking at a beautiful, discarded sword that lay at her feet, Morgan smiled wistfully.

She would have probably become an actual sword if she had continued to follow her father's will blindly. That would be quite a fitting Transcendent Transformation for a girl who had been raised to be a perfect tool… a pretty, deadly blade to be wielded by someone else.

However, Morgan did not really want to be a sword, nor did she want to be wielded by another's hand.

That seemed like quite a pathetic fate to her. 

So, her Transcendent Transformation had turned out to be something else.

Of course, she could still transform into a sword — if she wished to. 

But that was not at all the only thing she could become.

Picking up the abandoned sword, Morgan silently absorbed it into her body and smiled.

'...How nice. I should have done this much sooner.'

A moment later, her figure rippled, turning into a river of liquid metal. It flowed across the moonlit hall, drowning it. The violence of its passage put cracks into the marble floor and made slabs of stone crumble to dust.

Sweeping every abandoned blade that lay forlorn on the below the dais, Morgan climbed the steps and swallowed the ancient anvil, as well.

Finally, the river of liquid metal coalesced back into a human figure. A moment later, it regained color, and Morgan was back to her original self.

Looking up, she observed the radiant remains of her shattered moon and sighed.

"Time to face another day."




***
Chapter 1981: Disillusionment


***






There was no way to defend Bastion from the Prince of Nothing — not the city on the shores of the Mirror Lake, certainly, and most likely not even the castle itself. As a strategist, Morgan was quite adept at evaluating both the strength of the enemy and that of her own — therefore, she knew that her side was lacking. Achieving victory did not seem like a realistic outcome.

It was very likely that she had not been sent here to achieve victory, to begin with. Buying her father enough time to defeat Ki Song seemed far more likely of a purpose. 

So, Morgan had done two things after returning to Bastion from Rivergate.

First, she had claimed the Citadel for herself to gain control over it.

Second, she went to a vast underground chamber hidden deep below the castle, in the heart of a stone maze very few people knew existed, and even fewer still were allowed to enter.

There, a great mirror stood, towering above the floor at dozens of meters in height.

Its frame was composed of two immense stone pillars, and it was covered entirely by black cloth, reflecting nothing.

Morgan hesitated for a few moments, then took a deep breath and pulled the cloth down.

It flowed to the floor like a black waterfall, revealing the dark edifice of the ancient mirror.

The vast underground chamber was drowning in darkness, so one would have expected to see nothing reflecting in the great mirror. However, instead, pale moonlight poured out of it, illuminating Morgan's pale face.

Inside the mirror, a devastated version of Bastion seemed to be drifting in the beautiful night sky. Countless stars shone on the surface of the still water, made pale and bleak by the radiant shards of the broken moon. Dreadful beings hid in the cold lake, and there was no city on the distant shore. Instead, an ancient forest stood where the city should have been, teeming with harrowing beasts.

That was the true face of Bastion.

And, unlike the illusory one humans of the waking world had inhabited, it was a place that Morgan could defend.

So, taking another breath, she closed her eyes, concentrated on her connection to the Great Citadel...

And made reality and illusion switch places.

Soon, a sunlit city that sprawled on the shore of a beautiful lake was reflecting in the dark mirror, instead, seen from the walls of an immense and magnificent castle. She sighed, gritted her teeth tightly, and used her authority over the Citadel to break free of the illusion.

A moment later, Morgan disappeared from the underground chamber and found herself standing in a ruined hall with a tall dais and crumbled dome. There was no sunlight here, but the eerie scene was bathed in moonlight.

The world was in the embrace of a foreboding night.

The castle was a ruin, and the still lake was surrounded by a pristine wild forest.

This was what lay in the heart of the Sword Domain now. The Bastion that people knew was safely hidden in the dark mirror, and the true face of this land was revealed to the Dream Realm once more.

The citizens of Bastion were safe... but the same could not be said about the rest of the Sword Domain. The human cities depended on each other, after all, and they especially depended on the capital - the place where the Dream Gate had stood before being summoned to Godgrave instead.

There were merchant caravans, exploration parties, patrolling warriors, and the like traveling to or from Bastion. Now, they had nowhere to go or return to. Worse than that, there was now a dire and perilous region of untamed wilderness in the heart of the Sword Domain, one far more dangerous than any of the surrounding lands.

The closest human Citadel to Bastion, Rivergate, had already fallen - but the rest of them would have to mobilize all their forces to avoid disaster.

Luckily, there was Nightingale.

Morgan had sent word to the people who ruled the Citadels in the absence of the Transcendent champions in advance, and she had also sent Saint Kai to scour the surrounding land and warn the travelers of danger. With his ability to fly, inhuman sight, and stunning speed, most tragedies could be avoided... hopefully.

Of course, she had no doubt that her dear brother would anticipate that decision and set up an ambush for the charming Saint. But Nightingale was quite a fearsome being... Morgan had faith that he would complete his mission alive, especially after being warned about the danger.

But even if there was no way to warn the rest of the Sword Domain about unleashing true Bastion from the mirror, it still had to be done.

Morgan had several reasons to summon it back to reality.

First and foremost, of course, was protecting the populous city... or rather, preventing her brother from using it as a hostage. Now that the city was replaced by the dark expanse of an abominable forest, Morgan could concentrate on defending only the ruined castle and use the lake to her advantage.

Naturally, it would have been much better if Mordret had not taken the entire House of Night as his vessels, in that regard. But there were creatures in that lake that would give even Transcendent Nightwalkers pause, not to mention that Morgan had Naeve, Aether, and Bloodwave by her side.

Both of them had come prepared for the battle for the Mirror Lake.

The second advantage was the forest itself, which was no less dreadful than the depths of the lake. Her brother would have to launch his siege from there, suffering the full brunt of the fury of the powerful Nightmare Creatures inhabiting the nebulous dark expanse.

Sadly, that was actually a sword that cut both ways.

On one hand, Mordret would have to protect himself and his vessels from those abominations without rest, which would slowly drain his power.

On the other hand, the forest would also present him a nearly inexhaustible supply of bodies to take, and the same Nightmare Creatures could become the cannon fodder he sent to ground the strength of the defenders of the castle down.

A lot of blood was going to spill... which Morgan welcomed.

The more chaos there was, the more opportunities to exploit it she would find.

The final advantage... 

Introduced the most chaos, by far.

It was also the most vital, and the most dangerous of the three.

Both to Mordret and to herself.

That advantage...

Were the Others.




***
Chapter 1982: Open Invitation


***






There were no mirrors in true Bastion. Even the Great Mirror Morgan had used to switch the illusory realm with reality only existed within the illusion.

And that was for a good reason. 

The Others.

Reflections had a mind of their own in true Bastion. There were strange, alien, and harrowing beings populating the mirrors here, and they could sometimes enter the real world uninvited.

Morgan did not know the details, but she knew that her family had suffered greatly, and had paid dearly, for laying claim to the stronghold of the Demon of Imagination in the distant past.

This topic was a taboo that not even the elders dared to discuss.

All that she knew was that the Great Mirror had to be covered at all times, and that one had to be careful around reflective surfaces in true Bastion - especially the lake itself. There was a set of rules one had to follow here and a set of prohibitions one had to adhere to, lest they wanted to lose their lives and put the lives of others in danger.

And yet, many of the elite Knights that had been allowed here still that had been allowed here still perished in chilling ways.

Morgan herself was a bit different, because she had been forced to face and kill her own reflection not long after becoming an Awakened - her father had escorted her to the Great Mirror personally on that day, and watched the battle until it was over.

That right of passage was... quite a memorable experience, for her.

So, she purposefully left the Great Mirror uncovered today, inviting the Others to come.

Obviously, that made the ruins of the ancient castle dreadfully dangerous for Morgan and her six Saints.

But it was going to be far more dangerous for her brother, the Prince of Nothing, without a doubt.

After all, most of his powers had to do with mirrors. He even carried a minor Mirror Domain in his soul something that made all attempts of defending a fortified position against him hopeless, since he could bypass almost any fortification easily by jumping between reflections.

However...

The true Bastion was one of the few places in the world - the only place, perhaps - where her brother's authority over reflections would not stay unopposed.

The powerful Nightmare Creatures dwelling in the forest were a threat to him, but the eerie beings that dwelled on the other side of mirrors were infinitely more dangerous.

After all, they could enter his domain, intercept him when he was jumping between reflections, feel his gaze when he spied through mirrors, and do many things that neither Morgan nor Mordret could even imagine.

Her brother would have to contend against the real mirror wraiths here.

That was the greatest obstacle that stood between him and conquering Bastion.

Of course, there were a few others.

Like the runic array that her father had carved into the ruins to protect them from the enemies of Clan Valor and from her monstrous brother in particular.

Or the Sentinel Swords he had left behind.

Or the insidious influence of the shattered moon, which almost no one knew about.

That was the dire battlefield that Morgan had prepared to stack every possible advantage in her favor.

The enemy was too strong, and so, she had to be both resourceful and willing to risk it all.

Hopefully, that would be enough to stall her brother long enough for the Song Domain to fall...

But, of course, Morgan wanted more than that. She had greater ambitions than merely serving as his foil.

She wanted to win.

She wanted to win and erase the shame of her pitiful loss in Antarctica, so that she did not have to think about it again, and feel fear ever again.

‘...You bastard.’

Smiling darkly, Morgan ascended the crumbling wall of the ruined fortress and looked upon the moonlit lake.

***

That had happened... ages ago.

The events unfolded pretty much exactly as Morgan had anticipated, even though she would have loved to be mistaken for once.

Not long after the real Bastion replaced its illusory twin, Mordret attacked from the depths of the dark forest.

They did not know how much he was stifled by the presence of the Others, exactly, but his power was definitely diminished quite a lot compared to Rivergate — he seemed to be reluctant to use his powers often, as if wary of something, and his usual omniscience was replaced by doubt.

Still, her brother was a fiend, and he definitely did not lack determination. That first battle was both intense and chilling, testing the very limits of their resolve and mental endurance.

The Mirror Lake boiled as the three remaining Saints of the House of Night, the vessels of the Prince of Nothing, and the dreadful Nightmare Creatures that dwelled in the depths clashed with each other in a frenzied storm of violence. The water of the lake would have turned red if it wasn't painted black by the veil of night already, and tall waves assaulted its shore.

The three government Saints and Morgan herself defended the four sides of the ruined fortress. The crumbling walls quaked and groaned, sometimes collapsing into piles of rubble, and the dark edifice of the broken keep towered above them like a gravestone.

A squall of terrifying forces was unleashed, making Morgan feel a rare moment of relief at her decision to hide the illusory Bastion in the Great Mirror.

If she hadn't, the collateral damage caused by the titanic battle among the civilian population of the city would have been incalculable. 

The first battle lasted for a while, but eventually, it became apparent that neither side would be able to achieve a sweeping victory. Of course, Morgan and her Saints were still inferior to the enemy in terms of pure numbers... which was a funny thing to say, considering that their enemy was a single man.

Still, they had the advantage of being the defending side — and not only that, but being the defenders of a fortress designed specifically to protect the Valor family from its monstrous scion.

Tied by the eerie threat of the Others and bound by the runic array carved into the walls of the ancient castle, Mordret could not rely on his bizarre powers and endless tricks. He was more or less limited to only using skill and brute strength to destroy them, and although his strength was not at all lacking, Morgan and her people were quite powerful themselves.

In fact, some of them were the epitome of power.

Morgan, the Princess of War. The chilling and beautiful wraith, Soul Reaper Jet, known and feared by most Awakened. Saint Athena, Raised by Wolves a bona fide war goddess who had led her warriors into a hopeless siege on the Forgotten Shore, and only gotten stronger and more heroic since then. Saint Kai, the Dragon Slayer...

And three last Saints of a fallen Great Clan, who burned with the desire to avenge their kin.

It was quite an epic battle. In fact, it was just the kind of battle that people would sing about centuries later... it was just a pity that no one was there to witness it, and tell the tale.

Perhaps if Nightingale picked up the microphone once again…




***
Chapter 1983: Besieged


***






In any case, Mordret could not eradicate them without resorting to extreme measures that would not only put him at great risk, but also result in dire losses among his vessels.

And it was not time yet for that. 

So, eventually, he chose to retreat.

Watching the grotesque leviathans resurface and swim away, Morgan exhaled tiredly and leaned on her sword.

They had not won, exactly... but had not lost, either.

It was a reason to celebrate, and yet she was not in a festive mood.

She knew that this first battle was merely the beginning.

The battle for Bastion had not ended, it was just starting... of course, its nature would change after tonight's bloodshed.

It would become a war of attrition.

...And it had.

There had been many battles since then. Morgan and her Saints held the ruins of the castle, while Mordret settled in the forest. He had to battle the Nightmare Creatures dwelling there constantly — which was a boon for Morgan, since his vessels had already been damaged during the assaults on the ruins, and were now being worn down further by the endless onslaught of abominations.

But it was also a curse, because the same Nightmare Creatures would be then taken by her brother and sent to wear the defenders of the castle down, in turn.

If there was one mercy, it was that he seemed reluctant to control more bodies than he already controlled. Therefore, if the Nightmare Creatures attacked, the Transcendent vessels of the Prince of Nothing were absent, and vice versa.

Morgan just hoped that her brother was being drained and ground to dust by having to survive all these soul duels, just like the rest of them were being slowly battered to the ground.

Athena's prodigious strength and Nightingale's startling archery skill were of immense help in the battles against the taken forest dwellers, while Soul Reaper and the Saints of Night were indispensable when battling the human vessels of her brother.

Morgan herself had long abandoned caution and went all- out in every battle as well. Her Aspect was both formidable and versatile, as was her Transcendent Ability. Therefore, she was a devastating presence on the battlefield no matter what enemies they faced.

Somehow, they survived a week of the siege, and then another.

In the process, her brother had attempted to sneakily circle around Bastion and stage an attack on the Citadels of the Sword Domain located deeper inland.

In response, Morgan and Saint Kai launch an attack on Night Garden, almost managing to claim it before falling into a trap set for them there by Mordret.

That trap was the being he had left to guard the beached Great Citadel... a single Reflection of his, Citadel... a single Reflection of his, which would not usually pose a real threat to two Saints as powerful as Morgan and Kai were...

If not for the fact that this Reflection was a Supreme Titan.

In the end, they did not manage to conquer the Night Garden, barely escaping with their lives. However, they did manage to dissuade Mordret from trying to move past Bastion without eliminating its defenders first.

The siege continued, with both sides slowly studying the enemy and searching for a way to destroy them. It was intense, grueling, and often full of dread.

However, the most dreadful part of it all was the Others.

Morgan did not know how her brother, who was much more susceptible to their sinister influence, was managing to stay alive and sane. But it was definitely a challenge for her and her Saints.

The Others were so eerie and frightening because they were alien, unknown, and unknowable. Their origin was a mystery, and so was their nature. Morgan did not even know if they were truly beings, in the full sense of that word, let alone living beings. The Others moved and acted like creatures that possessed will and even an eerie form of sentience, but she could not be sure.

They could have been mere manifestations of some mysterious force or process that simply reflected what was in front of them, thus creating a false impression of intent and intelligence.

The worst part of it all was that, unlike the Nightmare Creatures, the Others were not even necessarily malicious. The harrowing evil they perpetrated was nothing but a result of their inherently alien nature.

These beings did not seem to know or be able to fathom the natural concepts like a person's desire to stay alive, the fear of pain, the terror of having one's body and soul stolen, maimed, torn apart, or consumed. At least that was the opinion that Morgan and her Saints shared now, after witnessing the Others, and even clashing with them, several times.

But they simply could not be sure of anything, which made the sinister guests from the Mirror Real so much more frightening.

On top of that, even fighting them was a dreadful ordeal, because the Others did not follow the conventions of power that both Awakened and the Nightmare Creatures shared.

They were neither divine nor profane. They did not seem to possess Ranks and Classes. They were not beholden to a single Aspect or a set of unholy powers. Instead, they were entirely unfathomable and unpredictable, making every battle with them a chilling affair.

Some of the Others were surprisingly weak, and were easily destroyed by the Saints. Some, however, possessed a harrowing power that made them utterly lethal, while their bizarre nature made obliterating them a dangerous and difficult undertaking.

Morgan had almost lost Saint Aether that way during the early days of the siege... which would have been quite a disaster, considering that he was the closest thing she had to a healer.

Luckily, the Nightwalker had survived in the end, even if his eyes seemed a little haunted to this day.

'Poor guy.’

Morgan herself had grown up knowing about the Others and brushing against the eerie mystery of their existence from time to time, so these dreadful encounters were nothing new to her.

The government Saints were taking it surprisingly well, too, but the Saints of Night were rattled.

'How much longer?' 

Letting out a sigh, she shivered in the cold, looked at her bloodied tunic in disgust, and walked toward the lake to take a plunge.

***

“These extra chapters are brought to you by the valiant Song Army! :]” - Guiltythree 




***
Chapter 1984: Beneath the Surface


***






The Mirror Lake hid unspeakable horrors, so very few people would have dared to bathe in it.

But Morgan did not care. 

She had no choice but to come to this dark place, and for her, there was no escape from the war. The siege was not going to end any time soon, but she could at least endeavor to not spend the rest of it feeling dirty.

It was her home, anyway.

The black water was deceptively tranquil and still, reflecting the moonlit heavens. Stepping into it was like stepping into the night sky, and bathing in it was like bathing in stars.

Enjoying the cold embrace of the lake, Morgan sighed in contentment and studied her reflection.

It was important to know that her reflection was not doing anything strange, like tracing her movements with its gaze or trying to speak. Morgan was safer than most from being preyed on by the Others, since she had killed her reflection many years ago... but she still had to be careful.

Her reflection was prim and proper, staring at her back with two vibrant vermilion eyes, which seemed to glow softly in the darkness.

Sending it a smile, Morgan cautiously pulled off her bloodied tunic.

She knew that Saint Kai was probably blushing and hurriedly turning away somewhere in the ruins, but she did not care. That dirty thing was disgusting, and she was determined to give it a good wash...

The only problem was that the frayed fabric parted under her fingers, and several new cuts appeared on its surface.

Morgan cursed her Flaw quietly. Her tunic was made from mystical cloth and could usually withstand her touch, but now, it had become tattered and fragile. Feeling a bit dejected, she crouched to wash the blood off the black fabric.

She should have packed more thoroughly before sending the illusory Bastion into the Great Mirror. Sure, there were supplies in the real castle, and she even had her own living quarters here... but that part of the ruin crumbled in one of the countless battles, burying her wardrobe under the rubble.

That had been a painful loss.

Morgan rinsed her tunic swiftly, then walked deeper into the cold water to wash the blood off her body.

At that moment, there was a subtle movement under the surface, and something slippery wrapped itself around her shin.

Instead of pulling her into the depths, however, the flesh of the Nightmare Creature parted and bled, as if it had wrapped around a sharp blade.

Morgan raised her hand indifferently. A split second later, it rippled like liquid metal and turned into a long spear, which extended downward with terrible speed and pierced the surface of the lake.

The Spell whispered softly into her ear, announcing the death of a Corrupted Monster.

Morgan smiled.

'I guess we have dinner.’

At that moment, someone coughed behind her.

Morgan retracted her monstrously long javelin, allowed it to turn back into a human hand, and unhurriedly pulled the wet tunic back onto her pale body.

This time, there were no new cuts.

'Good!'

Feeling clean and refreshed, she turned around and walked back to the shore.

Speak of the devil... there was Nightingale, standing at the edge of the water and looking at the sky politely. She had not heard his steps, so he must have descended from above.

Morgan had once assumed that Saint Kai would be quite accustomed to these kinds of situations as a former entertainment star, but he was strangely shy. His sense of decorum was also better than that of most noble Legacies, which was both funny and disheartening to see as the noblest of them.

...And that bastard somehow managed to look cleaner and more put-together than her despite the fact that Morgan had literally just bathed!

Walking out of the water, she swept her hair back and tried to hide her irritation.

"What is it?"

Nightingale finally looked down.

"I saw movement in the forest, Lady Morgan. It appears that there is going to be another attack soon."

Morgan frowned.

The timing was... unfortunate.

Both Naeve and Bloodwave were yet to recover from the wounds they had received several days ago, even with Aether's help — that was why she had held them back yesterday.

Soul Reaper was strangely inefficient as of late, as well, for whatever reason... strangely enough, she had been diving into the lake to hunt Nightmare Creatures despite her weakened state.

'Why is he in such a hurry?'

Mordret used to space out his assaults, but now, they were becoming more frequent.

Morgan contemplated the issue for a moment.

'Something must have changed in Godgrave.'

They received news of how the war was going from time to time. The last thing she heard was that Nephis, Gilead, and the Lord of Shadows had clashed with the daughters of Ki Song in the Hollows, and that Seishan had finally conquered a Citadel for the Song Domain.

Which meant that the Queen herself must have arrived to Godgrave, already.

The two armies were going to clash soon.

Was that what lit a fire under her brother?

'Is he worried that she will kill our father before he can do it himself?'

That was a delusional fear to harbor, but then again, that man was not known for having a sound mind.

Letting out a quiet sigh, Morgan glanced at the lake, knowing that her plans of fishing out the Transcendent Monster she had killed and roasting it were ruined.

"Thank you for letting me know, Saint Kai. Please gather the rest and prepare for battle. Oh... and don't stare at the sky too much. Especially at the shards of the moon."

She summoned her armor back, even though it would not have had any time to repair itself. The vermilion cloak weaved itself from scarlet sparks, draped around her shoulders.

A nicked sword appeared in her hand.

Morgan smiled.

The uncle and nephew pair were indeed wounded, but several of Mordret's vessels had been shredded quite thoroughly when they last appeared, as well.

If things went well today, she stood a good chance of reducing the number of Transcendent shells her brother possessed.

Of course, there was also the chance of losing a couple of her own Saints.

That would be a real shame.

But still... 

'How many of his vessels do I need to destroy, and how dire the situation in Godgrave must become for him to grow desperate enough to jump into my soul?'

Her scarlet eyes glistened with sharp light.

Morgan lingered for a moment, and then sighed.

'I hope it happens before my tunic completely falls apart…’




***
Chapter 1985: Ruined Fortress


***






Tonight, her brother had decided to try something new.

Instead of launching simultaneous attacks from the four cardinal directions, he seemed to be gathering his forces in the south, where the walls of the fallen castle were the most damaged. 

Nightingale had noticed movement between the ancient trees, but sadly, he could not tell them more about what was happening in the dark forest one of Mordret's vessels possessed an Aspect that allowed him to hide himself from the gazes of living beings.

There were ways to predict the timing of the attack, though.

Morgan was looking at the shifting line where the water touched the ruin. After a while, there was a shallow wave, and the lake seemed to climb up a little, swallowing more of the ancient stone.

She sighed.

“Typhaon has entered the lake.”

Typhaon had been one of the most powerful Saints of the House of Night... as well as Aether's father. Now, however, he was one of the most powerful vessels in Mordret's possession, and a true curse for the defenders of Bastion.

His Transcendent form was so immense and terrifying that his presence on the battlefield could be traced by simply paying attention to the lake. When he transformed, the amount of displaced water was so great that the level of the lake rose visibly.

It was an ill omen.

Standing by her side, Aether looked down, his handsome face turning grim and distant. Naeve and Bloodwave shifted slightly - it was that monster who had wounded them so severely in the last battle against the Transcendent vessels of the Prince of Nothing.

A moment later, there was another wave, and the water rose even more.

Morgan smiled.

“The big octopus is also coming. How wonderful.”

Saint Knossos was another heavy hitter among the Transcendent champions taken by her brother.

Not too long ago, he was one of the pillars of the Great Clan, as well as its elder — and before that, he had been Nightwalker's peer and the head of one of the Stormsea Clans that joined together to form the House of Night.

Nightwalker himself was long gone, but Knossos had survived decades of trials and tribulations of the Nightmare Spell.

He did not survive Mordret of Nowhere, though.

Now, his body was one of the most dire threats to Morgan and her Saints. His Transformation was that of a gargantuan kraken, and together with Typhaon, these two abominable creatures were the hammer with which her brother bludgeoned the defenders of the ruined castle every battle.

The rest of his vessels all possessed powerful Transcendent forms, but none could compare to the sheer size and terror of the two behemoths.

Morgan inhaled deeply and listened to the night for a few moments.

The world was at peace. The lake was still and silent, with a beautiful tapestry of stars reflecting on its surface. The water murmured as it washed the shore, and a mild wind sang in the moonlit darkness.

This was her home, her birthright, and her burden.

That stillness was not going to last long.

She looked across the lake, studying the distant shore.

“Prepare yourself. It's starting.”

Just a few moments after she spoke, the lake suddenly grew restless, and taller waves crashed into the rubble.

“Aether, Athena.”

Those two were their vanguard. Aether silently leaped off the wall and dashed toward the lake, but Raised by Wolves lingered for a moment and glanced at Morgan.

It was a bit irritating to crane her neck to look the tall beauty in the eyes, but Morgan obliged.

“Yes?”

Saint Athena smiled.

"You Royal Highness, venerable Princess Morgan... how many times have I told you to call me Effie?"

Morgan's brow twitched a little.

She remained silent for a moment, then answered with a forced smile:

"About the same amount of times as telling me to put some meat on my bones?"

Her unruly subordinate laughed while jumping down.

"Well, you should! Even my son is less picky with his food!"

A few moments later, she landed on the rubble below and followed Aether with unhurried steps.

Morgan held back the urge to roll her eyes.

'What nonsense. I am not picky.’

...She just had standards.

As she watched, Aether reached the lake. Unlike his two clanmates, the younger Saint did not possess an Aspect tied to the depths instead, his lineage had manifested itself in the startling affinity to the night sky and starlight.

Still, he wasn't helpless when surrounded by water.

Instead of plunging into the lake, Aether simply stepped onto its surface and continued to move forward.

Behind him, on the shore, Athena activated her Ascended Ability. In the next moment, Morgan felt a rush of invigorating power permeate her body. Her pale cheeks flushed a little, and a hot breath escaped from her mouth.

She felt strong, tireless, and full of unbridled potency.

Every time Morgan experienced this exhilarating sensation, she understood why Raised by Wolves was so beloved by the government soldiers and the civilian population better... among other things, of course.

The rest of her Saints were feeling the effect of Athena's power as well. Despite the fatigue and exhaustion of the past weeks, they suddenly looked impatient to join the fray.

Bloodwave gave Morgan a long look and asked, his deep voice sending shivers running down her spine:

“What about us?”

She shook her head lightly.

“Stay back. We'll face them on land today.”

The white-haired Saint scowled, but listened to her order.

It would be a disadvantage to leave him and Naeve out of the water, thus incapable of using their Aspects fully.

But Morgan had a bad feeling about today's attack. It was high time for her brother to come up with some new diabolical tactic...

And more importantly than that, she had her own diabolical plans as well.

For them to come to fruition, she had to lure the enemy away from the lake.

Soul Reaper simply leaned on her ghostly glaive, looking at the surging water with a lazy smile. Her icy blue eyes were cold and ruthless.

“Staying on land suits me fine. It's quite a welcome change, really.”

Behind her, Nightingale silently summoned his bow and rose into the air, looking at the lake intently.

His mesmerizing green eyes seemed to glisten in the darkness, reflecting the pale moonlight.

A moment later, his expression tensed.

Morgan sighed, knowing that she would not like what he was about to say.

“What is it?”

Saint Kai sighed. 

“...They're dragging corpses across the bottom of the lake, leaving trails of blood behind.”

He hesitated for a moment, and then added with a hint of dejection:

“I think we'll have more guests today than we anticipated.”




***
Chapter 1986: Bait and Switch


***






Morgan sighed as she saw the water break in a dozen places, far in the distance, and grotesque tentacles shoot from the depths. Carried in them were the massive corpses of the Nightmare Creatures that dwelled in the forest some of them the very same Nightmare Creatures whom she and her Saints had wounded, but failed to finish off in yesterday's battle.

The corpses were launched into the air like morbid projectiles, tracing low arcs as they trailed torrents of blood behind them. One was shot down by Nightingale, who had drawn his bow in the blink of an eye. Another exploded into a cloud of bloody haze when a pebble tossed casually by Raised by Wolves collided with it midair.

But the rest landed on the rubble with disgusting squelching noises, some crashing into the wall and making it tremble with deafening thunderclaps.

A series of shockwaves rolled across the lake, making the water ripple.

Morgan studied the bloody mess left in the wake of the obliterated corpses with a dubious expression.

“Leave it to my brother to find a common language with the Nightmare Creatures…”

The effects of this spectacular blood offering were already letting themselves be known. The lake boiled, and dozens of hideous shapes rose from its dark depths, following the scent of blood...

Following it to the shore. 

It seemed that the Prince of Nothing had finally found a way to attack the ruined fortress with both Transcendent and Corrupted forces at the same time.

Grimacing, Morgan summoned a bow and shouted a command:

“Aether, Athena! Let loose!”

As they heeded her command, she briefly glanced at the bow in her hand.

This one, she had received in her Third Nightmare. It was a good bow, but she still missed her old one... the bow that her father had forged for her.

It was not the only Memory he had given her, and Morgan had never cherished the Warbow that much she was primarily a swordsman, after all. Still, it had been a loyal companion to her for quite some time.

Strangely enough, Morgan did not remember what fate befell that Memory. Had it been destroyed in Antarctica? Or had she simply returned it to the arsenal of Clan Valor after Transcending, knowing that an Ascended Memory would not be worthy of her strength anymore?

She seemed to have a vague recollection of bestowing it upon someone... interesting. And cute? One of the promising Knights, perhaps...

She couldn't remember.

‘What was I thinking about?’

Suspecting that she had not gotten enough sleep, Morgan summoned an arrow and nocked it on the string.

Below the wall, Aether and Athena were starting.

The Saint of Night was standing on the surface of the water, not far from the shore, bathed in moonlight. Above him, distant starts shimmered with a silver radiance.

And as the waters of the lake suddenly rippled all around him, that radiance suddenly grew brighter.

Morgan could not see Aether's eyes, but if she could, she would have witnessed them shining with cold silver light.

In the next moment, the sharp rays of starlight seemed to solidify, raining on the lake like a radiant net.

The depth dwellers that had risen their hideous heads above the water were cut terribly by the falling strings of light, letting out pained wails as their fetid blood poured into the lake.

Some received only shallow wounds, some were hurt quite badly. One lake monster had even lost much of its head — it was still alive, but the other abominations were already rushing in its direction. Soon, the water boiled, and the wounded abomination was torn apart by its own brethren.

There was no honor among the Nightmare Creatures.

Athena was less flashy in her attack, but even more devastating. Looking around, she chose a slab of stone the size of a PTV, picked it up easily, and tossed it in the direction of the attacking abomination with terrifying force.

The giant piece of stone tore through the air with dire speed and fell into the lake like a bomb, causing a tall fountain of foam to shoot into the sky.

Although it was quite dark, Morgan could tell that the foam was not white, but crimson - Athena rarely missed, so her crude projectile must have obliterated at least one enormous abomination completely.

A moment later, her own arrow found its way between the scales of an especially revolting Nightmare Creature, exploding from the back of its misshapen head in a torrent of gore.

Nightingale was releasing another arrow, as well - having the advantage of a high vantage point, he was even more deadly.

Morgan was not usually competitive without reason, but falling behind her subordinate was a shameful thing.

Smiling faintly, she strained her muscles and drew the heavy bow again.

In the next minute or so, both the surface and the depths of the lake had turned into a scene of bloody slaughter, with a storm of starlight raging across it like a beautiful mirage.

The Nightmare Creatures stirred awake by the scent of blood were all powerful, the weakest of them of the Corrupted Rank.

And yet, the Saints defending Bastion were not weak, either. Aether's starlight, Athena's barbaric projectiles, and the arrows sent flying by Morgan and Kai fused into a devastating barrage, mangling the bodies of the abominations and reaping their lives.

Sadly, it was not as deadly as she would have wanted. Killing a Great Abomination was no easy feat even for Saints, after all - several of them had to concentrate their attacks on the more powerful dwellers of the depths and waste quite a bit of time to bring a single one down, while the rest were free to reduce the distance between them and the shore unopposed.

Which was a cause for concern.

And throughout all of it, even consumed by the thrill of the battle, Morgan was keeping an eye on the lake and the dark shore beyond, She could not miss the moment her brother decided to join the battle.

...Where are you?' 

Frowning a little, Morgan lowered her bow for a moment and bellowed:

“Aether! Retreat!”

She was disappointed. She had hoped that using their only healer as bait would produce more of a result.

The Nightmare Creatures were already dangerously close to where the Saint of Night was standing on water. Sparing one look at the approaching horrors, he turned around and dashed back toward the ruins.

Athena covered his retreat by sending an especially enormous piece of rubble barreling through the air.

It displaced a veritable flood of water, causing towering waves to spread in all directions from the point of impact.

And when the plume of foaming water fell down, Morgan finally saw what she had been searching for.

Behind it, in the distance, a gargantuan fin rose above the surface of the lake, cutting it like a colossal blade.

Typhaon was coming.

...Or rather, her brother was, wearing the once-fearsome Saint as a suit.




***
Chapter 1987: Siege of Bastion


***






The Nightmare Creatures had reached the shore, crawling out of the surging lake like a swarm of horrors that had escaped the forbidden depths of Pandora's box. In the darkness of the night, their wet, slithering figures glistened with the ghostly radiance of reflected moonlight. Enormous limbs rose high into the air and plummeted down, making the ruin shake as they sank into the rubble to pull the monstrous bodies onto land.

This time, of course, it was not Pandora who had opened the mystical box out of curiosity.

Instead, Morgan's monstrous brother had done it out of malice.

Still, she wasn't too concerned. 

...If these poor creatures had known any better, they would have stayed in the depths. They would have guessed that the box had not been locked to contain the horrors inside - instead, it had been locked to protect them from the true monsters that dwelled beyond.

Witnessing the chilling tide of abominations, Soul Reaper smiled.

“I guess it's my turn.”

She did not seem particularly impressed by the sheer dread and splendor of the chilling scene. The blue-eyed wraith remained calm and laid-back, as if facing a swarm of Great and Corrupted abominations was not a death sentence for most Saints.

Then again, this Saint in particular had long proven that death was afraid of her, and not the other way around.

Morgan gave her a brief look.

“Lure them into the ruins.”

Jet raised an eyebrow, amused.

“They'll topple the wall.”

Morgan looked at the crumbling wall they were standing on. This great fortress — what remained of it — was her ancestral home. Three generations of the Valor family had dwelled here, and it was from these ruins that the glorious Sword Domain was born.

She shrugged impassively.

“Let them topple it, then.”

Her brother was determined to stop at nothing to destroy Valor.

There was no step he would hesitate to take, and no sacrifice he was unwilling to make.

That was how one won a war.

And Morgan... Morgan was the Princess of War. She was prepared to sacrifice the entire world if it meant achieving victory, let alone these ancient walls.

Soul Reaper smiled crookedly, then picked up her war scythe, raised it above her shoulder... and tossed it forward with tremendous force, as if throwing a javelin.

At the same time, her body turned into a torrent of mist and swirled around the scythe, being carried away from the safety of the fortress by its pull.

Far below, Aether had reached Athena's position and dashed past her, rushing back toward the wall. Raised By Wolves herself lingered, summoning a long spear and looking at the approaching tide of abominations with a grim expression.

It was then that the ghostly war scythe landed among the Nightmare Creatures. Suddenly, a chilling mist exploded from it in all directions, obscuring the view.

A moment later, haunting wails resounded from within the veil of mist, echoing across the restless lake.

Morgan had no time to pay attention to that part of the battlefield anymore. The Nightmare Creatures, calamitous as they were - just a couple of them could have destroyed all of humanity a few decades ago were merely a diversion today.

The true threat was her brother.

“Athena, retreat!”

Below the wall, Raised by Wolves stared at the cloud of mist with a complicated expression, then gritted her teeth and dashed back.

Morgan could see Tyhaon's fin towering above the surface of the lake as it cut the surging water. Her brother was moving around the ruins, threatening to attack them from the east.

At the same time, a vast swathe of the lake west of the crumbling castle boiled, revealing glimpses of gargantuan tentacles and an abominable body surfacing from the depths.

There were more Transcendent vessels advancing from the south, as well.

Morgan scowled for a moment, calculating the timing.

‘...He got me good, this time.’

Her vermilion eyes glistened in the darkness.

Despite the head start, Aether reached the battlements at the same time as Athena. Morgan studied them for a moment, then spoke evenly:

“Nightingale... intercept Knossos and his retinue, if you will. Athena, stall Typhaon for as long as you can.”

After Soul Reaper, these two were her strongest champions. In fact, they were no weaker than the former pillars of the House of Night, Typhaon and Knossos, had been - despite being decades younger and far less experienced. Morgan even suspected that they would have slain the legendary Saints in battle, if given the chance to face them one-on-one.

Sadly, the two Stormsea Saints were dead, and it was Mordret controlling their bodies now. Not only was her brother fearsome, but he was also shrewd and cunning, never letting his most powerful vessels face her best warriors without an advantage.

So, she could only hope to stall them today.

Athena sighed, then dismissed her spear and crouched. A moment later, the crumbling wall shook, and the stones under her feet cracked the beautiful Saint soared into the air in a stunning leap, seemingly flying toward the swiftly approaching fin.

As she flew, her body, which seemed to be cast of polished steel, expanded in size.

By the time Raised by Wolves landed in the water, she was a steel colossus at least a hundred meters in height. A great wave rose from her plunge into the lake, and a deafening thunderclap rolled across the lake, making the trees on the distant shore sway.

She was standing far away from the ruined fortress, and yet, the water barely reached her things.

The lake was deep enough to swallow even a giant like Athena, but she had chosen her battlefield carefully — there, the water was deep enough to lure Tyhaon to come, but not so deep as to leave her no fighting chance.

Of course, she could have fought him at the bottom of the lake, if she so wished. Saints could hold their breath for a long time, after all however, fighting a Transcendent of the House of Night in the depths was something that only people with a death wish would do.

...Almost at the same time, a graceful figure dashed across the black sky, rushing west.

Nightingale assumed his Transcendent form as he flew, and soon, moonlight glistened on the beautiful scales of a majestic dragon. His great body was dark like the night sky, and his eyes were like silver stars. The vast shadow of his wings covered the tall waves, raising up a hurricane.

Morgan sighed. 

The three government Saints were each handling an overwhelming foe.

But it was up to her and the Saints of Night to face the most dreadful adversary.




***
Chapter 1988: Ruin Has Come to Our Family


***






To the west of the crumbling castle, a vast swath of the lake seemed to boil with foam as a seething mass of dark tentacles rose from below.

The gargantuan tentacles reached for the moonlit sky like a primordial forest, each aiming to catch, crush, smother, and tear the swift enemy apart.

Or bring the enemy down to the depths, into the dark chasm of the creature's harrowing maw.

The size of the enormous kraken was so immense that it easily dwarfed the great dragon, making him seem small and insignificant in comparison.

However, the Night Singer was undeterred. 

Folding his wings, the dragon dove down, piercing through the palisade of towering tentacles with dire speed. His voice resounded above the lake, making their movements grow slow and sluggish; in the next moment, a haunting song resounded above the lake, and a devastating sonic wave crashed into the foaming water, producing a deafening explosion.

Countless tons of water were displaced and thrown into the air, obscuring the view.

...It was really a daunting thing, to witness the dreadful battle between the ruler of the depths and the monarch of the skies. Reality itself seemed to contort and groan from the dire forces unleashed by their tyrannical clash, as if moments away from cracking and crumbling down.

Sadly, Morgan did not have time to pay close attention to the battle between Nightingale and the Kraken.

Nor did she have time to observe the clash between Athena and the monstrous creature, Typhaon.

The giant fin had risen even higher above the water, and then, the behemoth's fearsome body was finally revealed. He slowly emerged from the deeper part of the lake, straightening as giant waterfalls flowed from his impenetrable scales.

Typhaon was vaguely humanoid in shape. He had a powerful body that towered even above the War Colossus, Saint Athena. However, where she was lean and graceful, the monster of the depths was broad and mighty. His figure bulged with muscles that resembled tectonic plates, and his skin was covered by a natural carapace of unbreakable scales.

He had sharp, ridge-like fins protruding from his back, his forearms, and his thighs - those were like colossal blades, capable of slicing armored ships in half.

Instead of two legs, Typhaon had four flexible, pillar-like limbs that resembled long tentacles. His head was bestial and appalling, crowned by enormous horns, and there were two monstrous serpents growing from behind his shoulders, each with long twisting necks and terrifying needle-like fangs crowding their maws.

He looked like a dark deity whom the abominable Drowned would have worshiped. Morgan had never been to the Great River, so she could not draw the parallel...

However, Effie — who knew the Drowned all too well — could.

She grimaced with resentment and braces herself, preparing to endure the assault of the titanic fiend of the depths.

When the two goliaths collided, the entire world shuddered and shook.

All throughout the ruin, shards of stone fell from the crumbling walls and scattered on the piles of rubble.

Morgan winced.

Below the wall, the cloud of swirling mist was flowing up the shore, already nearing the wall. The chilling wails and muffled thunderclaps were still resounding from within it, proving that Soul Reaper was engaged in a deadly dance with the swarm of abominations.

Her insidious Aspect was capable of destroying souls directly, and Morgan suspected that that was the only reason why there were no rivers of blood flowing back into the lake from within the icy fog.

Finally, the first tendrils of mist washed over the stone wall, and she looked at the Saints of Night.

“We are retreating to the second ring.”

Naeve hesitated for a moment.

“Wouldn't that give that man more room to surround us?”

She smiled darkly.

"His forces are spread thin, too."

There was always the risk that her brother would choose to attack either Nightingale or Raised by Wolves from the back instead of going to her and her remaining Saints... however, the possibility was not high.

After all, he was being weakened by the prolonged siege, just like them. In fact, time was his most fearsome foe. And while Morgan lacked the ability to end the battle swiftly by decapitating the enemy, Mordret could all he had to do was kill her.

That tempting possibility would dictate his actions, even if he knew that it made him more predictable.

Morgan turned around.

The four of them abandoned the outer walls and swiftly reached the second defensive ring deeper in the ruins. It was situated higher than the outer wall, too, so they could see the battle more clearly from there.

So, they saw the moment when the walls of Bastion fell in perfect detail.

Even though Morgan had anticipated the inevitable destruction of the outer rampart, watching the ancient wall crumble still rattled her.

No one knew who or what had shattered the moon and brought the proud citadel of the Demon of Imagination to ruin in the distant past. However, what remained of it had withstood thousands of years of neglect and desolation, never surrendering to the wrath of the Nightmare Creatures.

Until humans... she and her brother... came.

A wide section of the wall collapsed, raising a billowing cloud of dust. Mist poured through the breach, followed by the enormous shapes of advancing abominations.

They spilled from the breach like a tide there were fewer of them than before, and many seemed to be in agony, their movements slow and listless.

Still, Nightmare Creatures had invaded Bastion for the first time since her grandfather had conquered this great Citadel.

Morgan sighed lightly and cast her gaze further, at the shore of the surging lake.

These ones were no less terrifying, and yet, they were no Nightmare Creatures. Instead, they were Transcendent vessels of her brother.

As she watched, several of them retained their monstrous forms, while others turned into humans.

One figure in particular caught her eyes.

...He was looking at her, too.

Morgan gritted her teeth. 

'So, he came personally this time.’

Far away, her brother smiled and gave her a mocking bow.

Snarling, Morgan looked away and turned to the Saints of Night.

“The main guest has arrived. Let's give him and his entourage a warm welcome…”




***
Chapter 1989: Home Sweet Home


***






Morgan had her bow, and the Saints of Night had already summoned their weapons.

In this battle, their strength would be stifled by having to fight on land. However, that did not mean that they were powerless — far from it.

Naeve was wearing light, but immensely resilient armor sewn from the skin of some unknown sea monster, wielding a long harpoon made of bone as a spear. His indigo eyes seemed to glow in the moonlight, and his handsome face was both somber and cold.

Bloodwave had summoned a heavy armor forged from dull metal, which made his towering figure seem even more formidable. He was armed with a heavy cutlass — there were two of them before, but one had been destroyed in one of the previous battles. Now, the taciturn Saint simply used the claws of his steel gauntlet to rend the flesh of his enemies.

Aether reached toward the sky, grasping a ray of starlight and manifesting it into a thin blade. The youngest of the Saints did not possess as much physical strength as the rest of them, but made up for it with speed and skill. The weapons he could weave from starlight were absolutely lethal... still, his Aspect was not suited for close combat that well. 

Not that anyone was suited well for facing Mordret.

Today, the defenders of the crumbling fortress were weaker than they had ever been. Morgan's three most powerful champions were away, each dealing with their own crisis.

Her brother, meanwhile, still possessed more than enough vessels to take the castle. Some of them were following Knossos and Typhaon, but ten — including his true body — were here.

They had already scaled the outer wall, avoiding the cloud of mist and the Nightmare Creatures that were still fighting Soul Reaper within it. Mordret himself lingered at the top of the rampart, looking up at the second ring of the battlements.

Despite the apocalyptic noise of the battle, his voice reached Morgan and her Saints clearly.

"Ah... how sweet it is, to finally come home"

Despite the sweet words, his tone was deep and dark, full of nothing but coldness and malice.

He smiled.

"Aren't you going to welcome me, sister?"

Instead of an answer, Morgan sent an arrow flying his way.

Laughing, Mordret swatted it away with his sword. As the Spell whispered in her ear, announcing the Memory's destruction, her brother and his vessels leaped off the outer wall and rushed toward the second ring.

'I guess he's done being sentimental.’

Morgan sighed and dismissed her bow, summoning a sword instead.

All around Bastion, runes carved into the ancient stone suddenly lit up with ethereal light as its enchantment array came alive.

Before, Sentinel Swords left behind by her father would come alive and fall like steel rain on the heads of the invaders. Many other deadly enchantments would activate, as well, enveloping the ruined fortress in a defensive net.

Sadly, most of the array's power had been exhausted in the past few weeks. The Sentinel Swords had been shattered one after another, the reserves of essence powering the array had been drained, and many of the runes forming it had been found and destroyed.Now, the colossal enchantment was a pale shadow of its former self.

It still did one thing particularly well, however...

It restricted both the Others and the Aspect powers of the Prince of Nothing.

Here in the crumbling fortress, he could only rely on brute strength to obliterate its defenders.

Morgan raised her sword and prepared to fight.

Four Saints against ten Transcendent vessels of a murderous madman — the odds were not too great.

...For her brother, that was.

Because while he could not use his Aspect, Morgan could still use hers.Activating one of the enchantments stored in her body, she sensed dire strength permeating her very being. Time seemed to slow down a little.

Smiling viciously, Morgan dashed forward and met the first of the Transcendent vessels as it leaped onto the wall.

Those of the taken Saints who could move on land in their Transcendent forms had kept them. Those who could not had become humans again.

Each of them looked different, but all — both humans and creatures — had the same cold, inhuman, unfeeling look in their eyes.

With dark flames of boundless wrath burning beneath the cold surface.Morgan crossed swords with one of the human vessels, throwing it back off the wall. But in the next moment, she had to dodge back as a gargantuan clawed hand fell on the battlements, sending a rain of sparks flying in all directions.

The claws bit into the ancient stone, and a hideous snout rose above the parapet, resembling that of a giant crocodile. The triangular fangs snapped, almost taking Morgan's arm off... or at least catching her in a crushing trap.

Her body was as hard as steel, so her limbs were not that easily separated from it.

A moment later, two swift figures dashed past the crocodile's head, and she had to defend herself from two insidious blows.

Morgan managed to deflect one, but the second scratched against her armor. Worse than that, the enchanted blade seemed to have left a corrosive film in its wake, making the black steel of her breastplate boil and flow down in thín streams of bubbling metal.

That was what made her brother so deadly.

Not the number of his vessels, and not their power.

It was their perfect coordination, which allowed them to fight as different parts of the same organism.

Because they were.

If it were any other pair of enemies, Morgan would have managed to evade both blows, but the vessels of the Prince of Nothing left no chance to the enemy.

‘Damn it’

Ten of them... 

The enormous crocodile head rose into the air, revealing an immense neck. The creature's body was both reptilian and humanlike in nature, and it was truly enormous, standing almost as tall as the wall. The towering creature unleashed another blow at the battlements, making a section of them crumble from the obliterating force of the impact, and outstretched a mighty hand. A hurricane of sparks swirled around it, starting to form into a giant bronze trident.

Morgan pursed her lips.

On both sides of her, Naeve, Bloodwave, and Aether had already clashed with the remaining six vessels of the Prince of Nothing.Mordret himself was holding back, for now, waiting to see if Morgan had prepared any traps for him.

‘...Should I be flattered? He really seems to have a very high opinion of my abilities.'

Well... who could blame him?

After all, she did have a trap prepared.

In fact, this whole battle, and this whole siege, had been a carefully constructed trap.




***
Chapter 1990: Iron Maiden


***






Morgan knew how devious and monstrous her brother was.

In Antarctica, he had been weaker than her. He had been slower than her. Even his technique, while stellar, had been inferior to hers.

He had not commanded an army or possessed a force of powerful Echoes, either.

And yet, he had turned her nearly assured victory into a defeat.

Even if it had seemed like the forces of Valor would have prevailed before the descent of the Nightmare Gates, in the end, Morgan herself would not have lived long enough to see their triumph — she would have been dead, slain by that fiend.

So, she knew how fearsome her brother was. 

However...

She also noticed how he had changed after coming to the shores of the Sword Domain.

Even his mask of pleasant friendliness was gone, replaced by the inhuman emptiness that Mordret had usually kept hidden in the past.

He must have dreamed of his revenge for a long, long time... for many long years, locked in a dark room in the Night Temple, waiting and dreaming of visiting death and ruin upon those who had locked him there. His family.

So, now that his goal was at hand, the Prince of Nothing had lost some of his flawlessly maintained composure.

He was being impatient.

And since he was also monstrously strong, Morgan knew how to use his impatience and turn it into arrogance.

From that first battle at Rivergate, she had been carefully hiding her true strength.

She had not revealed it even when her life was in danger... and when the lives of her Saints were in danger, either.

That was because even while unleashing his thirst for vengeance, her brother was still supremely cautious.

So, Morgan had to wait.

She had waited for many long weeks, methodically reinforcing the notion of her lacking strength in his mind.

Mordret was a monster, but there were still remnant pieces of humanity left in the depths of his abominable soul.

He already despised Valor, and therefore felt contempt for his younger sister. Deep down, he wanted to prove that he was better than her. Stronger than her. Smarter than her... that his father had chosen wrong when casting him aside, and choosing to elevate Morgan instead.

It was for that reason, and because of having already defeated her once, that Mordret had to be prone to underestimating Morgan. He already wanted to believe that she was below him in all regards, after all — so, showing him weakness over and over again was bound to reinforce that subconscious bias.

However, Morgan was not weak.

She was just waiting.

And now, finally, the day she had been waiting for was here.

...Granted, the situation was still terrible. She had hoped to decimate Mordret's forces in one fell swoop, but he had proven to be too monstrously, unreasonably powerful.

It tasted bitter to admit... that he was indeed much stronger than her.

As a result, Morgan could only hope to level the playing field and assure that the siege would last for a while longer with her carefully prepared trap.

But there was no escaping it. Her Saints were already battered and worn out, losing more of their strength with each day. If she continued to stall for time, it would be her forces that suffered fatal losses, not his.

'...A pity.’

Morgan deflected a glancing blow of the enemy's sword, somehow managed to push another aside with the pommel of her own, and then gasped when the towering reptile's trident brushed against her side.

Her armor caved a little, and she was thrown back, slamming into the parapet of the battlements. A net of fractures spread through the ancient stone, and a rain of debris fell down... she groaned and straightened slowly, tasting blood on her tongue.

Feeling beaten and tired, Morgan glanced east, caught a glimpse of Athena, and felt new strength flood her veins.

Her cracked helmet collapsed into a rain of sparks.

Sensing cool air on her heated face, Morgan smiled crookedly, looked past the hideous head of the humanlike reptile — one of the strongest vessels in Mordret's possession after Typhaon and Knossos — and pierced her brother with a dark gaze.

The fiend was still refusing to join the fray...

Or rather, refusing to risk his original body. In truth, each of these vessels was him, and he was already engaged in the battle.

Why was he so cautious? She had hoped to destroy that original body today…

But the gargantuan crocodile would have to do.

"Hey, brother..."

Standing some distance away, Mordret looked at her without any particular emotion.

His lips twisted into a false smile.

"Are you ready to surrender, sister? Or, wait. Are you going to run away again? Go and ask our father for help, per chance? I'm sure he can spare a few Echoes..."

Morgan let out a hollow laugh and watched as the giant reptile raised its trident to deliver another blow. The other two Transcendent vessels had not been idle while Mordret was talking either, having already flanked her.

She lingered for a moment, and grinned.

"...Why are you calling him our father, anyway? You bastard."

Mordret's expression finally changed, bringing her great satisfaction.

In the next moment, Morgan's smile disappeared, replaced with a cold and ruthless expression.

And her body turned to liquid steel.

The torrent of it swallowed the black armor and rushed forward like a flood. In the past, Morgan had only used this Transcendent Ability to change parts of her body into blades or grow in size, becoming a steel giant of about ten meters in height. A few times, she had even mimicked the forms of other creatures... but that was not all she could do.

She had held back the true extent of her power until now.

Becoming a sword?

Who wanted that…

A sword could cut flesh, and in the right hand, it could even cut souls.

But it could not cut the world.

It could not wield itself, and force its own will upon existence.

Morgan was going to do exactly that.

A torrent of liquid metal rushed forward, expanding in size until it was like a river. It instantly swallowed the two Transcendent vessels that had been rushing to attack her from the sides, slicing their bodies apart and extinguishing the false sparks of life that burned in their dead chests.

Then, it dove off the wall and wrapped itself around the colossal reptile like a snake made of mercury.

The humanoid crocodile was truly gargantuan, standing as tall as the fortress wall. But finally unleashed, Morgan was able to envelop it almost entirely.

And there was no escape from her iron embrace... she had absorbed quite a lot of mystical steel in the past four years, after all. The swords her father had forged, as well as the shards of the destroyed Sentinel Swords, had reinforced her Transcendent form especially well.

Trapped, the enormous reptile staggered back.

But it was too late.

Because the river of liquid metal that Morgan had become retained the curse of her Flaw. Amplified by her Aspect Power, her flowing shape was cutting into the flesh of the powerful vessel, slicing it apart, and letting torrents of blood flow down onto the rubble.

It was too slow, though.

The shell of liquid metal swirling around the body of the taken Saint rippled, and countless long, appallingly sharp spikes shot from its inner surface into his flesh, riddling it with holes and destroying his every organ.

Just like that, three Transcendent vessels of the Prince of Nothing were destroyed.

Even knowing that his retaliation would follow a few moments later, Morgan couldn't help but laugh.

Of course, she only laughed inside her mind, since her current form had no mouth and no lungs to produce sound.

‘Three down...'

Would that be a big enough gesture to invite Mordret into her soul?

If yes... one of them was going to die in the next few minutes.

Or both of them. 

If not, the siege of Bastion would continue on for a long time — the loss of these vessels would slow Mordret's momentum, after all.

Two of the three possible outcomes ended in her victory.

Those... weren't bad odds...

East of the crumbling fortress, a beautiful steel colossus was battling a hideous monster in the shallow water.

West of it, a graceful dragon was fighting a titanic horror of the depths fiercely, his haunting songs traveling across the surging lake.

Inside the fortress, the ancient walls were collapsing, and a man with mirror-like eyes was looking curiously at as a river of living metal was slowly painted red.

The shattered moon shone coldly in the broken sky.




***
Chapter 1991: Hideous Face of War


***






An enormous Echo stood upon the desolate white plain, shining blindingly as its steel carapace reflected the radiance of the overcast sky. It was powerful enough to flatten fortresses and durable enough to endure Transcendent blows, towering above the sun-bleached bone like a steel behemoth. 

The gargantuan beast had four mighty legs, a broad back, and a flat head that rested on a long neck. However, it had not been created by the Nightmare Spell in the image of a fearsome abomination... instead, it had been forged by the King of Swords once — perhaps to serve an important purpose, perhaps simply out of boredom.

Unless one wanted to bully the weak, the giant Echo was suited well for battle. It was not swift enough to be of use in a serious battle, and while its carapace was durable, it was not nearly resilient enough to survive the many dreadful perils of the Dream Realm. At best, it could serve as a massive siege tower.

At present, however, it served as a mobile redoubt for the command staff of the Sword Army... not because of its power or impregnable carapace, but simply because its height offered the King of Swords and his retinue a convenient vantage point to observe the battlefields.

The Echo's long tail rested on the ground, serving as a bridge that one could use to reach the flat expanse of the creature's back — there were even guardrails installed on both sides of the ascending path to prevent people from falling down.

On the back of the steel beast, the field headquarters of the Sword Army stood, composed of colorful tents and canvas pavilions... most of them black or vermilion, of course. This was where the King and his close aides resided when the army was on the march, and where the generals gathered to hold council.

This arrangement was not at all as impressive as the Valor Keep in the main camp of the Sword Army, of course, but still far more comfortable and convenient than one would expect in the middle of an active war.

Finally, there was another steep path leading from the back of the enormous Echo and up its long neck. A circular viewing platform was located on the other end of the path, resting atop the head of the steel behemoth. The posts of the decorative guardrail were fashioned to look like a crown, and the white plain of sun-bleached bone could be seen far below in stunning view.

That was where Sunny had found himself on a hot summer day, hiding his grim expression behind Weaver's Mask as he observed the calamitous battlefield.

Well... every day in Godgrave was cruelly hot and sweltering, so this one was no different from all the rest.

He sighed.

'Why is it that every war I participate in happens to take place in an area with extreme weather conditions?'

First the dreadful cold of Antarctica, now the suffocating heat of Godgrave...

It was truly unfortunate.

'The next war I join better happen somewhere with a nice climate.'

The rest of the people gathered on the platform did not seem to share his sentiment. All of them were clad in heavy armor — except for Nephis, who had stuck with her decision to forego it entirely and was wearing simple white garments.

There were no dark corners on the head of the enormous Echo for Sunny to hide in, so he simply found a relatively desolate spot and stood there alone, leaning on the railing with crossed arms. Added to his fearsome mask and cold attitude, this pose dissuaded others from approaching him, which suited Sunny fine.

Most people crowded around the King, anyway.

Anvil was standing at the foremost point of the viewing platform, observing the battle with a somber expression. His vermilion cloak was moving slightly in the wind, and his iron crown seemed especially heavy today. Sunny could not tell what the Sovereign of the Sword Domain was thinking about, and couldn't even guess what he felt.

No one was speaking at the moment, absorbed by the dreadful view of two great armies clashing on the plain below.

It was truly an awesome scene.

There were hundreds of thousands Awakened warriors participating in the battle, as well as thousands of Masters. There were countless Echoes, as well...

There was also a vast horde of horrid Nightmare Creatures subjugated by Beastmaster, and the eerie legion of the dead risen by the Queen of Worms.

The battlefront stretched from east to west for no less than a dozen kilometers, and terrible forces ravaged the crumbling lines of desperately struggling soldiers. Countless Aspects were being unleashed, and countless Memories were consuming oceans of essence to release a myriad of enchantments. The bone plain was quaking, and the fabric of reality seemed to grow brittle and thin.

The bone plain was drinking blood greedily, and too many lives were being lost each minute.

...It was appalling.

Here on the head of the gargantuan steel beast, it was almost peaceful. The deafening roar of the battle was like a distant murmur of the tide, and none of the devastating forces unleashed on the battlefield reached the viewing platform.

And yet, the people gathered here were not at all at peace.

If there was one thing lacking on the battlefield... it was the Saints. Neither of the two armies had sent their Transcendent champions into battle, so all they could do was watch from a distance and gnash their teeth.

Sunny had imagined the war as many things, but he had never imagined that it would be so... boring.

At the start of it all, he had been worried about having to slay countless humans with his own two hands.

But in truth, Sunny had barely had an opportunity to spill blood after his first few attacks on the supply caravans of the Song Army.

All the killing and all the dying was being done by ordinary soldiers like Rain, and they were the ones paying the hideous price of war. 

It was a shameful truth.




***
Chapter 1992: Mass Destruction


***






There was a good reason for that, of course.

And shameful and ugly reason, but a good one nevertheless. 

Soon after the second stage of the war started, the forces of both Domains had ventured to gain control over vast territories of Godgrave. The Sword Army had held a great advantage in that regard, already holding East Collarbone Plain and a large portion of the Breastbone Reach at the time, while the Song Army had been locked on West Collarbone Plain.

There were expeditions launched to conquer the two remaining Citadels in Godgrave. Revel was leading an expedition into the darkness of the Spine Ocean, and a Saint from the branch family of Valor was leading a competing one to make sure that the Lightslayer died there.

At the same time, Sir Gilead ventured south with a small force of elite warriors to claim the Citadel on the femur of the dead deity — considering that Nameless Temple stood between them and the Song Army, his expedition was unopposed. The Queen of Worms had seemingly decided to choose her battles and gave up on the south completely.

A lot of time had passed since the three conquest parties departed, but neither of the Citadels was conquered yet… which was quite important.

That was because the conquest of the last two Citadels would become the final tally of the authority that the two Domains possessed in Godgrave. And once their authority had no more room to grow, there would be nothing left to hold the Sovereigns back.

And so, the King of Swords and the Queen of Worms would finally enter the battlefield in person… to face each other, and see which one of them would inherit the throne of War's Divine Realm.

Which one of them would kill the other and get the other's crown.

…That did not mean that there was nothing for the two great armies to do while the conquest parties braved the dreadful depths of Godgrave to claim the Citadels, though. In fact, the ordinary soldiers had to play the most important role in this Realm War.

The authority of a Domain did not only depend on Citadels, after all — as Sunny had found out. There were other factors involved, like the strength and spirit of those people who belonged to the Domain… and its territory.

The latter was especially important, because while the two Domains were roughly equal in terms of population, there was vast unconquered territory in Godgrave. The side that managed to claim more of it could very well swing the final balance of power in its favor.

So… the two great armies had begun the conquest.

The initial process of claiming territory for a Domain was rather simple — Sunny had helped the Sword Army do just that while marching to the Vanishing Lake.

The forces of humanity had to push the scarlet jungle back, burn it, slaughter the Nightmare Creatures who populated it — the original masters of this cursed land — and build fortresses around the fissures in the ancient bone, thus preventing the abominable infestation from extending its tendrils from the Hollows again.

However, what followed next was more complicated, and far more vile.

Because after the forces of humanity wrestled control over the lands of Godgrave from the grasp of Corruption, humans could still fight for that control among themselves.

And that was what had been happening during the second stage of the war.

Both armies continued to claim more territory by banishing the scarlet jungle into the Hollows wherever possible, but they also clashed with each other, fighting for the already conquered land. The extermination outposts had become the currency that both Domains lusted for, and so, humans were now spilling human blood in Godgrave.

The Song Army had eventually made its way to the Breastbone Reach by staging a two-pronged offensive from the Collarbone Plain and the Western First Rib. The battlefront had become twisted and complicated, with some fortresses changing hands several times a week.

…And all of that was being done by the Awakened soldiers and Ascended officers.

The most powerful champions of both great armies, the Saints, mostly remained on the sidelines.

That was because Saints were too powerful, and too rare. Losing even one was a great loss for the Domains, especially if the fallen Saint controlled a Citadel — since there was usually no one left to replace them as its ruler.

Besides that, a single Transcendent could annihilate an uncountable number of soldiers. If they were unleashed on the battlefield, the casualties among the Awakened warriors would be too monstrous.

…Which would never stop either of the armies from using their Saints as weapons of mass destruction, of course. In fact, they would gladly do just that — the more enemy combatants perished, the better.

However, they were deterred from doing so… by the enemy Saints.

The Transcendent champions of the Song Army guarded the Transcendent champions of the Sword Army watchfully, and vice versa.

None of them was allowed to enter the fray unless an enemy Saint launched an attack on the ordinary soldiers, so everyone remained passive, doing nothing.

Valiant Saints led their warriors to battle, only to stand back and watch as the soldiers fought the enemy alone — all the while the enemy Saints stood on the other side of the battlefield, doing the same.

Of course, there were exceptions to the rule, especially because the Song Army possessed much more Transcendent champions, and the Song Army had been having a hard time keeping them in check. At the same time, though, the Sword Army possessed Changing Star and the Lord of Shadows, who could not be stopped by just one or two Saints. These exceptions were rare.

So, the weak fought and died while the powerful stood back and watched.

It was a disgraceful affair...

While not at all different from how it was in most other wars, perhaps.

It was also quite strange at times.

At one point, for example, the Saints of Song had decided to stage a clandestine attack in the portion of the Breastbone Reach that Sunny had been assigned to watch over. He had to Shadow Step into the middle of the battlefield, summon the Shadow Chair, and sit down… then watch Silent Stalker and a few other Transcendents shift awkwardly from one foot to another and grind their teeth, unwilling to provoke him and unable to do anything.

Sunny had remained sitting until the battle ended, never moving a muscle.

He had a feeling that things could change today, though.

Because although there had been countless minor battles and skirmishes in the war already, today's battle was different.

It was the first full-scale clash between the two great armies, with most of their soldiers present on the battlefield and participating in the bloodshed. 

The scale of it was both terrible and daunting... there had never been a greater battle in the history of humankind, after all.

Sunny was watching the greatest crime in history be committed right in front of his eyes.

...Well, maybe not. Humans of the waking world, the children of War, had committed plenty of atrocities during the Dark Times, after all, and plenty more before that.

Nothing had really changed since then, except that human soldiers wielded far greater powers now.

In the indescribable chaos of their cataclysmic confrontation, anything could happen.

He doubted that Saints would be forced to remain idle until the bitter end.




***
Chapter 1993: Attrition


***






Far below, the battle seemed to be hanging in a fragile balance. 

The battle lines were twisted and broken, and in some places, all pretense of order had been lost. Countless Awakened warriors were intertwined in a chaotic melee there, having forgotten all about discipline and battle formations. Blood was spilling on the ground, and a litany of desperate voices was drowning in the deafening clangor of steel.

In other places, stalwart officers were still maintaining a semblance of control. The forces of the Sword Army were pushing the forces of Song on the left flank of the grand formation, while its right flank was being pushed back instead. In the center, a furious tug of war was boiling, with neither side managing to gain ground.

At first glance, the soldiers of the Sword Domain were in a better position.

That had been true throughout the war. The warriors of the Song Domain did not lack courage, determination, or martial prowess… in fact, Sunny had often been stunned by their tenacious resolve. Their powers and tactics were often strange, insidious, and wild, bringing with them a sense of lethal peril.

They were chillingly fearless in the face of death, and viciously ruthless when they needed to be.

And yet, they were simply no match for the soldiers of the Sword Army.

The army of the Sword Domain was better equipped, better trained, and better able to maintain discipline in dire situations. Even if each individual warrior fighting under the banner of the King of Swords was not more powerful than the warriors of Song, together, they made for a much tougher and deadlier force.

It was partially because Clan Valor and its vassals had been in power for much longer than Clan Song, and therefore possessed a much richer martial tradition. The core of the Sword Army had been forged in the successive subjugation campaigns that brought vast regions of the Dream Realm under human control, after all, and while Ki Song had led a historic conquest of her own, its scope and length did not compare.

It was also because the Awakened of the Sword Domain had always been more militant, and their martial culture had always leaned more in the direction of organized warfare. The Valor family had inherited the lineage of War God, and therefore, the region under its control was influenced in subtle ways to fit that legacy.

…But mostly, it was because of the King of Swords.

His authority was everywhere, enveloping the Sword Army like an invisible veil. The soldiers were not just fighting for his Domain — they were parts of his domain and, therefore, its conduits.

Sunny had noticed the subtle effect of Anvil's authority during that first battle at the eastern edge of the Collarbone Plain. Those who carried it would not magically become stronger or more powerful, but the efficacy of their joint actions would be greater, their cooperation would be more seamless, and their battle spirit would become more indomitable.

It was an authority to make armies triumph.

And that was why the soldiers of Song were desperately outmatched in this war.

Even now, they were suffering on the battlefield.

The waves of Song warriors were breaking against the steel bulwark of the Sword Army forces, paying a heavy price for each assault.

Despite the dire havoc of the battle, their enemy still maintained a high measure of martial discipline — the forward units endured the attacks for as long as they could, then rolled back to make space for fresh troops. When it was time to push, they marched forward as a single being. When the defensive lines were broken and the warriors of the Sword Domain were pushed back, they promptly received reinforcements.

For every soldier of the Sword Army that fell, two enemies died.

Sunny sighed.

It did not matter, in the end.

The seeming advantage of the Sword Army… was merely an illusion. Anyone with a bit of insight could tell that things were actually going quite badly for their side.

That was because the Queen of Worms was exerting her influence on the battlefield, as well.

And hers was a power no less dreadful than that of the King of Swords.

What did it matter if fewer warriors of the Sword Army were dying? In the end, all of those who were killed — no matter the side — simply rose again, becoming members of the legion of the dead.

That had been true throughout the war, as well.

Yes, the Sword Army was stronger. And yes, it had held the advantage from the beginning, winning much more battles than it was losing, and suffering far fewer casualties than the enemy.

But it was still a road to certain defeat.

As the losses of both sides mounted, only one side was actually becoming weaker… the side Sunny was fighting for. The Song Army, meanwhile, was losing Awakened warriors, but its numbers never truly diminished.

On the contrary, they continued to grow.

Because it did not matter to whom the dead had been loyal once — the Queen of Worms did not discriminate between the fallen of her own army or that of the enemy, embracing all with equal grace.

It was a chilling sight, to see a comrade with whom you had been fighting side by side a minute ago, and whose death you were mourning, rise from the ground and aim their empty gaze at you, determined to extinguish your own life, in turn.

It was as if the Sword Army was waging war against death itself. 

The longer the war continued, the more soldiers the Sword Domain lost, and the greater the army of the Song Domain became. And the wider gap there between the two was, the more casualties the Sword Army suffered as a result, thus creating a harrowing cycle.

Despite its superiority, they were destined to lose this war of attrition.

…The same situation, albeit on a smaller scale, was currently taking place on the battlefield Sunny was observing.

Something had to change soon, or they were going to suffer a bitter defeat… which could very well become irreparable, swinging the balance of power in favor of the Song Domain too much.

He glanced at the King of Swords, wondering what the fearsome Sovereign was thinking about.




***
Chapter 1994: Call to Arms


***






The writing was on the wall.

The Sword Army seemed to be prevailing against the enemy, for now, but as its losses mounted and the horde of the dead puppets grew… there was no escaping the eventual defeat.

If Sunny could see it, then Anvil could see it, as well.

And yet, the King of Swords was not doing anything. The only orders he gave were minor commands, like sending reserve units to reinforce the faltering sections of the battlefront or pulling back heavily battered battalions. His tactical prowess was immaculate, true, but that was hardly enough to remedy the situation.

At the moment, the Sovereign was simply watching the carnage silently, his steely eyes not revealing any emotion.

It was as if he was waiting for something, or maybe simply putting too much trust into his domineering authority.

His presence was, indeed, more suffocating than the sweltering heat.

Sunny scowled behind his mask. 

'...He's not planning to obliterate both armies, is he?'

Out of the two Sovereigns, only Anvil possessed such an option… thanks to Saint Tyris, who could break the veil of clouds above the battlefield.

But no, that could not be true. Not because Anvil wasn't capable of implementing a monstrous strategy like that, but simply because Sky Tide would never agree to heed such a command.

She had a will of her own, after all, and had disobeyed the Sovereigns before. More than that, her own daughter was currently down there, somewhere, fighting on the frontline with other warriors of the White Feather clan. Even if Anvil threatened to cut Tyris down, she would simply invite him to try.

So… what then?

As if to answer these thoughts, the King suddenly turned away from the battlefield and looked at something. Sunny was confused for a moment, not knowing what he was looking at, but then realized that the answer was obvious.

Ignoring the people crowding around him, Anvil was gazing at Nephis, who stood some distance away.

He studied her for a few moments, and then asked evenly:

"What do you make of it?"

Sunny's scowl deepened.

Why was that bastard putting Nephis on the spot? Sure, she was technically his adopted daughter… but everyone knew that it was merely a charade to justify a political alliance. Even if it had not been, Anvil wasn't known for treating his children with warmth or attention.

Nephis seemed surprised by the question, as well… of course, to everyone except for Sunny, her expression would have looked just as calm and composed as ever.

She looked up at the King of Swords, remained silent for a few moments, and then shrugged.

"It's appalling."

Something unexpected happened in the next moment.

The King of Swords… smiled.

His smile was faint and cold, but it was undeniably there.

Anvil looked back to the battlefield.

"...I see that you are more like your mother than your father."

His voice was just as emotionless as ever, but there was a hint of something personal in it.

It almost sounded human.

Nephis frowned.

"In what way?"

Anvil did not respond for a few moments.

Eventually, he spoke in a detached tone:

"Your mother… cared about everyone. But your father only cared about himself, and that which was his."

He lingered for a moment, and then added quietly:

"Perhaps that was why she left before the rest of us."

The King of Swords then glanced at Nephis, his heavy gaze crushing into her with almost physical force.

"Since you are appalled by this slaughter, you must care about the soldiers below."

A corner of his mouth rose subtly once again.

"...Or do you simply consider them yours?"

Sunny felt a cold chill run down his spine.

Was that an innocent question? Or was it aimed to test Neph's loyalty to the Sword Domain?

Or…

Was this Anvil showing that he did not trust her at all?

Or was he hoping that he could?

In any case, something told Sunny that many things depended on how Nephis answered.

The rest of the Saint seemed perturbed by the strange conversation between the commander of the Sword Army and its most radiant champion, as well.

Nephis remained silent for a while, the wind playing with her silver hair.

Then, she sighed, stretched her neck with a tired expression, and walked over to the railing of the wide platform.

Jumping over them in one fluid motion, she landed on the steel skin of the enormous Echoe and took a few steps to the edge of its head. There, she turned around and looked at the Sovereign calmly.

He raised an eyebrow.

"What are you doing?"

Nephis shrugged.

"I am going down. I grew tired of standing here and doing nothing."

He considered her silently for a few moments.

"Haven't I forbidden my Saints to fight the enemy unless the enemy attacks first?"

Nephis met his heavy gaze expressionlessly.

"You did. You haven't forbidden us from entering the battlefield, though."

Anvil smiled for the third time in a single day.

This time, his smile was a little terrifying.

"And if your arrival provokes the enemy to attack you?"

Nephis just stared at him impassively.

After a few moments of silence, she said in an even tone:

"Then I will break them."

Anvil's chilling smile turned into an equally frightening sneer, but he did not stop her.

Witnessing this, some of the Saints present on the viewing platform moved, as well.

Roan gave his wife a brief look, then headed to the railing.

"I think I would like to stretch my leg, too."

Saint Helie, who had been standing by her lonesome on the opposite side of the platform from Sunny, glanced at Nephis and sighed.

"I am actually afraid of heights. Spending some time on the ground will be quite nice."

Rivalen of Aegis Rose stared at them in confusion.

"Ah, yes. Me too… I mean, I want to stretch my legs too, Your Majesty. Not that I am afraid of heights."

The rest of the Saints had begun moving, as well.

The King of Swords did not spare them a look, continuing to study the battlefield.

Sunny wasn't sure if that was because everything was going according to what the Sovereign had wanted, or if he simply did not mind.

Nephis did not wait for the Sword Saints. Summoning her wings, she leaped off the head of the gargantuan Echo and plummeted toward the battlefield like a falling star.

…Saint Jest, who had appeared next to Sunny at some point, let out a chuckle at the sight and shook his head.

"Young people are so hot-headed these days!"

Then, he looked at Sunny and grinned.

"What about you, Shadow? Are you joining the fun?"

Sunny turned his head and stared at the old man coldly.

When he answered, his arrogant voice carried a hint of displeasure.

"No way. Haven't I told you before?" 

He lingered for a moment, and then added evenly:

"I am a pacifist."

With that, Sunny sighed, pushed himself off the railing, and turned into a shadow. The shadow disappeared from view a moment later, heading in the direction of the battlefield with stunning speed.

Jest scoffed and shook his head again.

"This kid… is such a terrible liar…"




***
Chapter 1995: Grim Reality


***






Rain had been experiencing this strange feeling as of late... 

It was as though she was walking through life while asleep, stuck in a long and lurid nightmare.

The first months of the war had been a dreadful and appalling ordeal, but she had always felt wide awake back then. Ascending the titanic arm of the dead deity, crossing over to the collarbone, establishing a camp in the middle of the abominable jungle, and marching into its depths to claim the Citadel for the Song Domain... those were the horrors she knew and accepted.

What had happened next, however, was not.

Rain was a bit lucky, perhaps, to be a part of the Seventh Legion. After playing an important role in the conquest of the Collarbone Citadel, they had been allowed to rest and recover for quite some time. Even later, the Song Army had held the Seventh Legion back as much as possible, letting other divisions spearhead the offensive on the Breastbone Reach.

It had taken a long time before Rain saw people killing other people, and was forced to spill human blood herself.

She had been dreading that moment for a long time, but when it happened, it happened quickly. It was kill or be killed - the other person would not hesitate to end her life if given the chance...

Only they would, if they were like her. And that was precisely the point - they were like her. The soldiers of the Sword Army were fellow humans, no different from Rain, and the thought of killing another human for no good reason was just as appalling to most of them as it was to her.

They were all Awakened, and therefore no strangers to bloodshed. In fact, they were all natural killers, having experienced the visceral rush of fighting and slaying living beings many times. However, there was a stark difference between killing Nightmare Creatures and killing humans — real humans, not nameless phantoms conjured by the Spell in the illusory Nightmares.

If anything, their experience only made the act of killing harder. Those who routinely faced Nightmare Creatures knew how precious human lives were, after all, because they knew that humanity was surrounded by the enemy - by the abominable other from all sides.

The soldiers of the two great armies might have been enemies, but they weren't... the other. They were the same.

Still, war... was war.

The first time Rain had to aim at a human, she felt nauseated and afraid. She froze for a moment, unable to let go of the string, and then lowered her bow a little - an action that was somehow both involuntary and completely conscious. As a result, her arrow struck the enemy archer in the thigh instead of piercing his heart.

It had never become easier. There were a few of these moments later on sometimes, Rain was sure that while her arrows seriously wounded many, they did not kill anyone...

Sometimes, she was not.

But it was all happening so quickly. There was no time to think. Before she could even fathom the implications of her actions, there was a new enemy rushing at their position, and after one battle was over, another would be starting too soon.

Strangely enough or maybe quite predictably - the aim of the enemy archers was often just as terrible as hers.

Melee fighters like Tamar and Ray did not enjoy the same privilege. And yet, they too did not seem burning with a feverish desire to see the enemy die. In the bloody havoc of battles, they often aimed to incapacitate their opponents instead of killing them... as often as they could, at least.

But how often could that be?

People were still dying.

The skirmishes in Godgrave were swift and brutal. One army attacked, and the other one defended. Usually, it quickly became apparent which side held the advantage - the other side retreated, unwilling to suffer heavy casualties for an empty cause.

Sometimes, the Ascended officers would try to implement a more ruthless strategy and held the wavering soldiers back... but the officers themselves were human, too.

They were just as appalled by the senseless bloodshed, and just as dismayed by the hideous reality of war.

The more people died, the more discontent the soldiers and the officers became, and the more elusive the initial reason for the war seemed.

In the end, the soldiers on both sides were shaken and disturbed. The army camps, which had been lively once, were now subdued and full of silence. Rain often saw people sitting on the ground and staring into the distance with empty eyes, some still covered in blood from the recent battle.

As an archer, she was usually cleaner than them... but otherwise, she was very much the same.

All of it seemed too ugly and wrong to be real.

And so, she couldn't shake the feeling that reality was merely a nightmare.

It would be quite fitting, actually. Rain had cheated the world by Awakening without undergoing the First Nightmare... so, there was perverse justice in the fact that her life had become a kind of nightmare in turn.

But, of course, she knew that what was happening around her, and to her, was no nightmare.

The war was very real, and the horrors of the war were very real, as well.

There was no escaping that fact, and all she could do was blame herself for coming to this godforsaken hell instead of burying her head in the sand and cowardly running away to hide in Ravenheart.

Rain found some solace in the company of her cohort... Tamar, Ray, and Fleur. The four of them were going through this terrible ordeal together, and searched for ways to survive it in sound mind together. Even in the depths of her dejection, she couldn't imagine abandoning them.

But most of all, what helped her stay sane... was the company and support of her brother.

Her... brother.

It had taken Rain a while to come to terms with the fact that her mysterious and often sinister teacher was not, in fact, some dark deity or errant spirit, but instead her older brother.

And entirely human, on top of that! 

A completely improbable, astonishing, and absurd human. How did his existence even make sense? How could he be one of the most powerful Saints in the world, her brother, and Changing Star's boyfriend to boot?

Still... although confounding, his presence by her side was not unwelcome.

It was a source of warmth and strength for her, instead.

And Rain desperately needed both of those things.

Especially today.

Because today, the two great armies had gathered on a vast bone plain, and the Seventh Legion was thrown into the jaws of a calamitous battle.




***
Chapter 1996: Fodder


***






There had been countless skirmishes and several larger battles between the two armies before, but never anything of that scale.

There had never been a battle this great and this terrible in all of human history... at least not in the history of their world.

But then again, this wasn't their world. 

The Seventh Legion was in the most dire section of the battlefield — the very middle of the center, serving as the spearhead of the entire Song Army. The enemies they faced were not young Awakened who had become carriers of the Spell in the aftermath of the Chain of Nightmares, either, but the hardened core of the Sword Army instead...

The seasoned veterans of the royal clan's own storied forces. The Knights of Valor.

They were like a steel bulwark that refused to be shaken or pushed back, repelling one fierce attack after another. The Ascended Knights commanded Awakened Squires, maintaining immaculate discipline and the indomitable will of the elite troops.

They were all clad in heavy steel armor and wielded potent Memories as weapons, their vermilion cloaks standing out vividly against the white backdrop of the sun-bleached bone. Powerful Echoes fought in front of the formation — some of them earned as rewards from the Spell, some crafted by the enchanters of Valor.

Rain was concentrating on destroying these Echoes while trying to ignore the terrible cacophony of battle and the screams of dying soldiers that washed over her like a heartbreaking song.

'Damn it, damn it, damn...'

But how could she ignore it?

The shaking ground was slick with blood, broken bodies laying here and there and staring at the blinding sky with empty eyes. Most of them were strangers, but some of them... some of them, she had come to know over the months spent fighting side by side in Godgrave.

That man there… she had seen him survive the deadly embrace of a monstrous tree in the Hollows. He had survived the abominable jungle only to die here, cut down by a human blade.

The woman there — she was quite infamous in the Seventh Legion for the habit of singing her heart out in the baths despite possessing absolutely no musical talent. Rain had never spoken to her, but she had heard the painful singing many times.

The woman would never sing again...

'Damn it!’

Gritting her teeth, terrified out of her mind and immensely angry at the same time, Rain tried to take aim through the tears veiling her eyes and let go of the string.

... Of course, there were not that many bodies littering the ground. Not because very few people had died, but simply because the dead did not stay still for long on this heinous battlefield.

Just as Rain's arrow pierced the neck of a rampaging Echo, the dead singer moved and slowly rose to her feet. Her Memories were gone, and her tunic was painted red by blood, revealing a harrowing wound. Nevertheless, the young woman did not seem bothered by the pain.

She turned her empty gaze to the steady line of heavily armored knights, and headed toward them with calm steps.

All around her, other pilgrims were marching toward the enemy, as well.

And inside the enemy formation, their own fallen were standing up to attack it from within.

…The Knights of Valor were a ruthless bunch, though. As soon as one of them perished, the body would be dragged back by the soldiers of the rear rows and either destroyed or debilitated before it could rise.

The Sword Army had been learning how to resist the authority of the Queen, as well.

Witnessing the dreadful scene, Rain remained motionless for a few moments, her breath ragged. Her muscles were aching from the strain of drawing the heavy bow, and she was suffering from the unbearable heat. Even with the [Pièce de Résistance] cooling her down, it was too intense and oppressive, sweat rolling down his skin and stinging her eyes.

She felt dirty.

The noise of the battle was deafening, and its sight was horrifying.

Rain was lost for a moment.

Then, her shadow moved, and a familiar voice whispered into her ear:

"Snap out of it!"

She flinched and tried to regain her composure.

"Summon your sword. Things are about..."

Before her teacher... Sunny... was done talking, a loud horn rolled across the stretch of the battlefield where the Seventh Legion was fighting. Rain failed to register what the unexpected sound meant, at first, but then shivered.

‘It's the Knights…’

The Knights of Valor were being called to advance.

She was currently standing on a toppled wagon, surrounded by fellow soldiers. Tamar's centuria had participated in an assault on the enemy formation not too long ago, and then retreated to rest and lick their wounds while other members of the legion continued the frantic attack.

But they weren't that far from the melee.

If the enemy threw all their power into an offensive push...

‘Ah…’

Rain dismissed her bow and manifested the Mark of Shadows into a black tachi. 

Tamar had already risen from the ground by leaning on her enormous zweihander. Fleur had been treating one of the soldiers, so Ray grabbed her and pushed her back to safety.

The steel wall of fearsome knights suddenly surged forward, making the ground quake.

They suffered a few casualties while toppling the pilgrims, then crashed into the soldiers of the Seventh Legion a few moments later. Instantly, the carnage and mayhem of the battle turned ten times more intense, with all remaining order evaporating in one harrowing moment. A deafening clangor arose, drowning out the sound of human screams.

Before too long, the frontline of the legion was broken and pushed back, and the enemies were upon Tamar and her worn-down warriors.

Rain jumped off the wagon, thinking that they were lucky.

At least the enemies they faced were not the indomitable Knights of Valor, this time. Instead, they seemed to belong to one of the vassal clans... their cloaks were white instead of vermilion, at least, and many had decorated their armor with feathers.

The world shook as countless Aspects were unleashed and raged across the battlefield, and the merciless sky continued to batter the two great armies with radiance and heat.

Gripping her sword, Rain gritted her teeth and followed Tamar to fight the soldiers of the Sword Army.

...Her shadow followed too, of course.




***
Chapter 1997: Human Cost


***






The pilgrims were consumed by the tidal wave of steel warriors, only managing to fell the vanguard of unfeeling Echoes. There were more of them on other parts of the battlefield, but here at the epicenter of the calamitous clash between the two great armies, the Knights of Valor were too shrewd and callous to allow the dead to rise en masse. 

The indomitable formation of the Sword Army elites surged forward like an iron wave, crashing into the Seventh Legion and shattering its offensive line. However, not long after, the momentum of the Valor forces stalled.

And then, it was exhausted entirely, leaving them in a deadly mire. Their enemy was not to not be trifled with, either — the seven Royal Legions consisted of the best warriors of the Song Domain, and among them, the Seventh Legion was the fiercest.

It only lost to the First Legion, perhaps, which had vanished into the darkness of the Spine Ocean and was not present on the battlefield today.

After suffering the initial blow, the broken formation of the Song warriors did not buckle, and the warriors themselves did not lose themselves to fear. They were not routed — instead, they descended upon the Knights of Valor and their auxiliary forces like a deadly swarm, burning with wicked resolve and primal fury.

These men and women were neither enthralled by the promise of glory nor intoxicated by the raucous hymns of war. However, they weren't willing to taste the bitterness of defeat, either.

...A wide swath of the hellish battlefield turned into an even harsher hell, with thousands of powerful Awakened and hundreds of fearsome Masters clashing in a deadly melee.

The cacophony of deafening thunderclaps, the litany of human screams, and the violent tremors of the bloodied ground fused into a nightmarish choir of destruction, as if the world itself was in the throes of death — or rebirth, maybe. Perhaps it was the dead deity of Godgrave that was being reborn, its ancient bones soaked by human blood.

In any case, the warriors of both the Sword Army and the Song Army seemed to have forgotten themselves, consumed by the dire and macabre necessity of battle. Their previous doubts were washed away by the shock and awe of the harrowing battlefield, and their minds were hollowed by the dreadful, demented noises of the disastrous havoc.

The world had gone insane.

Rain was so afraid that she did not even feel fear anymore. It was as if that part of her that had been responsible for knowing fear overheated and went up in flames, leaving only cold ashes in its wake. Now, all she felt was fury and resentment.

She did not even know what she was furious about, and whom she resented.

In the absence of an answer, Rain could only focus her reeling mind on the enemy in front of her.

Tamar was the first to clash with the warriors of the Sword Army, vaulting over their loose battle line with the help of her Aspect Ability and using the second floating step to abruptly arrest her momentum, twist on one leg, and lunge herself at their backs.

As soon as her foot touched the ground, her brutish zweihander flashed in a wicked horizontal arc, breaking someone's armor and throwing them aside.

She was putting herself in terrible danger, of course, all alone behind the enemy line…

But a moment later, her soldiers collided with the front of the enemy formation.

Attacked from both sides, the Feather Knights momentarily fumbled.

That was all the opportunity Rain and her comrades needed, tearing into them with urgent determination.

Steel rang against steel, and tasted human flesh, as well.

Blood spilled on the pristine white surface of the ancient bone.

Rain raised her tachi and forced her hands to stop trembling.

Somewhere not too far away…

The elites of Clan Valor were struggling to hold against the vicious attack of the Song warriors. Acting with astonishing precision and stalwart poise, they maintained their formation and refused to give ground, which was already drenched in blood.

The enemy would not allow them to retreat, anyway... and there, behind them, the dead were already stirring, ready to rise.

If they were to be saved, they had to carve a bloody path to salvation with their own hands.

And so, they held fast…

However, a few moments later, a swift figure in crimson garments flashed between the soldiers of Song and crashed into the formation of the ironclad knights. It was a beautiful woman who wore no armor, her ebony hair fluttering behind her in the wind.

Her skin was pale like snow, and her eyes were just as cold.

Her scarlet lips were pressed tightly against each other.

She was one of the Blood Sisters who followed Princess Seishan... A Master of the Song Domain.

Wielding a sharp dagger with a wavy blade, she collided with the warriors of the Sword Army and pushed them back. Her thin hand moved with inhuman speed, slicing up the throat of one soldier, blinding another, piercing a third one's chest.

The knights staggered back in a haze of blood, opening a breach in their formation.

The Blood Sister dashed forward, ready to widen the gap...

Only for her kris to be stopped by a sword's blade.

Sid, one of the Fire Keepers who had been sent into battle with the Knights of Valor, pushed the enemy Master back and looked at her with a scowl.

Her dirty-blonde hair was wet with sweat, and her shield Memory was gone, destroyed by a ferocious Echo... which was a real shame, considering that it had been wonderfully modified by the charming guest of their island not too long ago.

As the breach in the formation widened and the soldiers of the two armies descended into a frenzied melee, she sighed and spoke with a hint of regret:

"Elly." 

Her voice was somber.

"...You should have stayed away from this war, stupid girl."

The Blood Sister - the former Handmaiden - forced out a defiant smile.

"It's good to see you again, Sid."

With that, she raised her beautiful dagger and prepared to attack.

A moment later, the two former members of the Dreamer Army clashed under the merciless grey sky, aiming to end each other's lives.




***
Chapter 1998: Old Friends


***






Sid knew the Handmaiden... the Blood Sister... quite well.

Her name was Felise. The two of them had been at the Academy together, and arrived at the Dark City at the same time.

There were many others that year, as well... although not everyone made it to the Bright Castle alive. Those who had either turned out to be lucky enough to become Guards or were left to rot in the outer settlement. 

Sid and Felise were not lucky, but they happened to possess a few soul shards by then, so they paid the tribute and entered the Castle together. Naturally, they stuck close to each other once inside. 

Their shards did not last long, though. Eventually, they had nothing left to pay tribute with... that day, Sid decided to leave for the outer settlement, while Felise decided to become a Handmaiden.

Sid did not blame her for that decision. Felise was... a soft girl. The harsh life in the outer settlement would be a death sentence for someone like her, most likely.

Hell, Sid was quite pessimistic about her own chances of survival.

But she did survive, somehow.

Their friendship did not end immediately, either. Felise used to sneak out food for her when she could, in those first few months on the Forgotten Shore. The two hid in a threadbare shack and shared their hopes, their fears, and their scars — both physical and mental.

But it was hard to maintain a connection when separated by the impenetrable walls of the Castle. Eventually, they grew apart. Felise became one of Seishan's people, while Sid became a hunter of the outer settlement.

And after the war for the Bright Castle and the siege of the Crimson Spire, well... Sid followed Nephis of the Immortal Flame, while Elly followed Seishan of Song. Their paths did not cross again in the many years since.

...Until today.

'Gods...'

Sid had been a passable fighter all the way back on the Forgotten Shore otherwise, she would not have survived the streets of the Dark City. And in the years since, she only grew more deadly.

The Chained Isles, the Southern Campaign, the Second Nightmare, and the countless battles fought side by side with Changing Star both across the Sword Domain and here in Godgrave - had tempered and sharpened her already outstanding skill, turning Sid into a unique existence among Ascended.

She had even fought the Lord of Shadows once!

That monster...

And yet, she was being pushed back by Felise.

Her former friend was just too swift, too strong, and too cunning. Her kris was shorter than the arming sword Sid wielded, and yet, it seemed to be everywhere all at once. Worse yet, the moment their blades clashed, Sid felt her hand trembling from the dire force of the impact.

It did not make any sense. Having long saturated her core and armed with Memories that no amount of money could buy, Sid was at the peak of what a Master could be, while Elly's Aspect — its Dormant Ability, at least — was tailored to Utility. How had she become so monstrously powerful?

Staggering back, Sid barely managed to activate her Awakened Ability in time. Her body became intangible for a split second, and the wavy blade of the beautiful kris passed through her forearm without cutting her tendons.

Sliding back on the bloodied surface of the sun-bleached bone, she regained her balance and raised her sword into a defensive stance, breathing heavily.

It did not make any sense at all...

"...When did you become so strong?"

Her voice came out hoarse and heavy.

Felise gritted her teeth, and then lunged forward with the speed of lightning.

"I... have always been strong..."

Sid used her Aspect to give herself a few moments of tremendous might, and battered the sharp kris aside. There was a deafening boom, and an explosion of fiery sparks.

Her free hand turned into a fist, flying toward the Handmaiden's beautiful face...

...Some distance away, Rain pushed an enemy aside, deflected a downward slash aimed at her head, and slammed the pommel of her tachi into the visor of another Awakened foe's helmet.

Gaining a moment to breathe, she swallowed a mouthful of searing air and looked around.

All around her, the warriors of the Seventh Legion were intertwined in a bloody struggle against the elite forces of the Sword Domain. The Feather Knights had turned out to be tough adversaries, even if they were no match for the true monsters of Valor.

Still, they possessed that eerie quality that all soldiers of the Sword Army possessed... they moved as one, seamlessly weaving a net of sharp steel to defend themselves and cut the enemies down. This strange ability was hard to explain with words, but very easy to become a victim of.

Many were already dead.

...Many dead were already rising from the ground, too.

That sight was both deeply horrifying and shamefully reassuring.

At least the Queen was with them.

Rain shuddered.

Not too far away, a vaguely familiar Blood Sister was fighting against a Knight of Valor, her crimson garments and his vermilion cloak turning into a red blur. The enemy Ascended was bleeding from a dozen hideous wounds, but it only seemed to make him stronger.

Apart from him, there was another dire problem on their section of the battlefield...

It was one of the Feather Knights — a young woman wearing light armor and a white cape, her pauldron and the plume of her helmet adorned with white feathers. Her youthful face was pretty and somber, and her hair seemed to be gold.

From the way she moved and her threatening presence on the battlefield, she gave Rain the same impression most Legacies did.

Sharp, grounded.

Deadly.

Among all the Awakened warriors they were facing, the young woman was the most dangerous, having already killed several of Rain's comrades.

That was why Tamar had fought her way in that direction, and was facing her personally.

‘Damn it…’  

Their battle was both breathtaking and chilling, since both were at the very pinnacle of what ordinary Awakened strived to be... but mostly chilling, for Rain, because her heart skipped a beat every time the enemy's sharp blade whistled past Tamar, missing her vitals by a few centimeters at most.

Feeling an ominous premonition, Rain exhaled through gritted teeth and lunged back into the furious melee.

She was trying to make her way to where Tamar and the young Feather Knight were clashing, but it was taking her a long time…

There were too many people fighting, bleeding, and dying between her and the two Legacies. There was too much mayhem.

She could become one of those dying people at any moment, too, falling to the ground in a fountain of blood...

Even if her brother was a powerful Saint, he was not omnipotent. On a battlefield like this one, life and death could be decided in a split second.

And Rain... Rain was wasting too many seconds trying to reach Tamar.




***
Chapter 1999: Embrace of Shadow


***






As Rain was struggling to fight her way toward Tamar, Tamar was struggling to contend against her fearsome enemy.

Both she and the young Feather Knight seemed to have fully saturated cores, possessed exceptional combat skill, and were stellar at controlling their essence — at least to the degree Awakened could. As a result, their physical prowess was truly superhuman, and their clash seemed like a whirlwind of steel that rolled across the battlefield, colliding with other warriors to consume them from time to time.

However, Rain could still make out the details of the fight, and while the power of the two Legacies were roughly equal, Tamar was obviously at a disadvantage due to being younger and less experienced.

At first glance, it looked like she was actually pushing the Feather Knight back... however, Rain could not fail to notice that Tamar's adversary had not used her Aspect yet. 

Either it had nothing to do with combat, or she was waiting for the right time to unleash her Abilities.

The battle promised to be long and exhausting, after all, and powerful Aspect Abilities consumed a lot of essence — any Awakened soldier knew to ration their essence in a fight. 

Augmenting one's body, using one's Awakened Ability, and activating the enchantments of one's Memories - those were the things that they only resorted to when necessary during prolonged battles.

If given a choice.

...And while the young knight seemed to still have the luxury of the choice, Tamar did not, already exhibiting bursts of startling speed as often as she could. That was the only reason she was managing to keep, for now.

Rain had hoped that their clash would take the two Legacies closer to her, but they only seemed to moving further away.

'Damn it!'

She did not know what to do.

A small, cowardly part of her whispered... that she did not have to do anything, either. Trying to help Tamar was putting Rain herself at risk. Tamar was so very proud of herself and her family — their history, their martial excellence, their tradition. Surely, a proud Legacy like her could fend for herself. Why did Rain have to risk her own life for an entitled Legacy?

She had to concentrate on protecting herself, instead. Surviving on this battlefield was already difficult enough – doing so while rushing to reach a deadly enemy was no different from inviting her own demise.

Stuck in the mass of sharp steel and fighting Awakened, she gritted her teeth and looked down, at her shadow.

Then, she forced out a stifled plea:

"I... I need help!" 

Rain rarely asked her teacher for help. Her teacher was a mysterious and lofty existence, after all.

But her brother...

If she couldn't ask her older brother for help in a moment of desperation, then whom else could she ask?

A moment later, his soothing voice reached her ears through the cacophony of battle:

"There is something I can do. But... it is a bit unusual."

Rain clashed with a warrior of the Sword Army, deflecting his blade aside and delivering a devastating downward slash to his shoulder.

His steel armor prevented the black tachi from cutting deep, but the force of the blow threw the man to the ground.

Rain kicked him for good measure and shouted, not caring if anyone heard her:

"Do it! Do it now!"

In the next moment...

Something strange happened.

Hidden by the havoc of battle and unnoticed by anyone except for her, a second shadow separated from her own for a split second.

Then, the second shadow flowed up her leather boot... and wrapped itself around her.

Rain's eyes widened.

'W-what the...'

Once the shadow embraced her, a wondrous change took place.

Her body, which was aching from strain and fatigue a moment ago, was suddenly flooded with enormous power. Every fiber of her being felt energized and revitalized, her muscles brimming with potency and might. Her strength, her speed, her endurance... it felt as if they had magically increased twofold, or even more.

Her perception sharpened, making it easier to discern the details of what was happening around her.

Even her black tachi felt more deadly in her hand.

At the same time, she inexplicably felt calmer. There was... a subtle, but vast presence in her mind unfamiliar, but not foreign. The opposite of foreign, really.

That faint, dark presence was deep and reassuring, making her feel… secure. 

[Better?]

Rain heard her brother's voice again. Only this time, it did not come from her shadow – instead, it resounded directly in her mind.

She froze for a moment.

[...Quite.]

That was indeed better.

Much better.

'Who even needs an Aspect?'

Gripping the hilt of her tachi, Rain took a deep breath, and launched herself forward.

Suddenly, the sea of Awakened in front of her was not as impenetrable anymore. Armed with her skill and embraced by the shadow, Rain cut through it with violent speed. Her sword turned into a dark blur as it parried and pushed enemy blades away, and when it was not enough, she used her own nimble body to either slip past them or toss them aside.

Perhaps that was what being an Ascended felt like…

Throwing one glance at the harrowing battle between the Blood Sister and the Knight of Valor, Rain shuddered.

No... she was not ready to face Masters yet. 

In fact, she was probably still much weaker than Awakened with powerful combat Aspects that augmented their bodies were... granted, the embrace of the shadow was much more versatile than most such Aspects, enhancing all her physical traits instead of one or two.

It was enough.

The distance between Rain and Tamar finally started to shrink, and the more she grew used to her newfound power, the quicker it shrank.

'Hold on, Tamar!' 

Rain finally felt that her ominous premonition was nothing more than a false sense of anxiety.

She was almost there. She had almost made it.

...But in the end, she did not.

Rain was less than a dozen meters away from the two fighting Legacies when the cadence of their clash changed.

The young Feather Knight did something that made Tamar sway, and then swiftly disengaged.

Her eyes suddenly shone like two cold stars, and blue arcs of electricity danced across her steel armor.

Before Rain could even react, she pointed her sword forward.

Then, an incinerating bolt of lighting shot from its tip, reaching Tamar in an instant and swallowing her figure in a flash of blue radiance.




***
Chapter 2000: Human Beasts


***






Tamar was enveloped by blinding blue radiance for a moment, and then thrown violently to the ground. Her zweihander fell out of her hand, rattling as it slid across the surface of the bloodsoaked bone. Her armor was scorched and melted in several places, revealing patches of gruesomely burned skin.

Wisps of smoke rose from beneath it, dissipating in the air.

Rain froze for a heartbeat, her mind numb. 

‘N-no…’

What had hit here was no different from true lightning, more than capable of turning a human body to ash. However, the young Legacy must have possessed a Memory that granted her a high enough level of resistance to elemental attacks.

That was how she had survived.

Nevertheless...

She was still wounded and sprawled helplessly on the ground, temporarily unable to defend herself.

And her adversary was unscathed, still holding a sword in her hand.

Blue arcs of electricity were still dancing across her armor.

[Move!]

Her brother's voice shook Rain awake from her stupor.

The young Feather Knight took a step forward, raising her sword with an unsteady hand. Her face was pale – perhaps because she was unused to killing people, or perhaps simply because it was illuminated by the blue shine of her fearsome Aspect.

A moment later, Rain jumped over Tamar and lunged at the young woman, prepared to strike.

Of course, she had not forgotten to pour essence into the Pièce de Résistance, and limit the scope of its defense to only electricity – thus rising her protection against it as high as possible.

The young Feather Knight flinched and shifted her gaze to the new enemy.

Her sword moved, and another bolt of lightning crackled as it shot at Rain.

Its speed was too dire to dodge, or even react. Rain only knew that she had been hit a moment later, when her vision drowned in a sea of white, and terrible pain pierced her entire body.

...But it wasn't that bad.

She was blinded and in pain, but had suffered little actual harm. It seemed that the protective Memory her brother had crafted for her was quite superior to what Tamar, an actual Legacy, possessed.

She was surprisingly unhurt.

The pain was truly terrible, though, and the electrical charge messed up her control over her body quite badly.

'Ah... hell...'

Rain was blinded, but she still possessed the ability to sense the shadows. She had been trained to navigate the world with this sense, as well.

It would have to do until she regained her vision.

She still had to deal with the Feather Knight.

A moment later, she battered the young woman's sword away and rammed her shoulder into the enemy's chest, sending both of them flying away from Tamar and tumbling to the ground.

Rain was disoriented, but she still jumped to her feet first and slashed down with her sword, feeling a terrifying sense of urgency.

She was wary of her adversary.

Her movements were fluid and terrifyingly swift, but the young Feather Knight still managed to block the black tachi. She was still on her knees and a little dazed, using both hands to receive Rain's blow on the blade of her sword.

Rain could vaguely see that her enemy's helmet had flown off, and her golden hair was fluttering in the wind. The image was vague and blurry, though, making it hard to discern any details.

As soon as the two blades collided, Rain let out a shocked hiss and staggered away.

'What a... cunning wench...'

Her golden-haired foe had used her Aspect power in an insidious way. Instead of channeling it into a bolt of lightning, she simply channeled it into her steel sword. From there, it traveled through the blade of Rain's own tachi and into her body, bringing with it even more pain.

"Aargh!"

Rain's momentary fumble gave the pretty Feather Knight all the time she needed to rise.

The next moment, though, she had to duck with a startled expression as Rain unceremoniously tossed the tachi at her face.

By the time the enemy reacted, Rain was already upon her, grabbing her sword with one hand and delivering a devastating punch to her chest with another.

Rain's hands were protected by the gloves made from black, lusterless leather. Leather was a far better insulator than the blade of the black tachi, so all she felt from touching the enemy's sword and breastplate was a little sting.

Her current strength, at the same time, was dreadful enough to make the steel of the young Feather Knight cave in a little, and for a stifled scream to escape from her mouth.

...But not enough to make the young Legacy lose her edge, apparently.

In the next second, the Feather Knight's knee slammed into Rain's side, and her fists sent her reeling back in agony – one rammed into her ribs, the other slammed into her chin, making Rain taste blood.

'Why did she have to be proficient in hand-to-hand combat, as well...'

She staggered back, then instantly spun and dove down, sweeping her enemy's feet.

Not giving the golden-haired knight an opportunity to rise, Rain pressed her into the ground and punched her in the face, causing bright blood to shoot from the young woman's nose.

A moment later, the two of them were wrestling on the blood-soaked ground, trying to crush, break, and strangle each other. The white feathers on the young Legacy's armor were soon marred and turned red, and Rain's armor was no better.

Rain was stronger... but the young Feather Knight was still covered in a blue net of electric arcs, which continuously hurt and numbed the adversary.

By then, Rain's vision had almost returned, revealing the dirty, bloodied, pitiful face of her enemy. The fear and desperation in her eyes... and frightening killing intent burning in them, as well.

For a moment, Rain felt disconnected from her own mind and body.

At that moment, the two of them did not seem like warriors... or even humans, really. There was no grace, skill, or honor in their violent and ugly struggle.

Instead, they were no different from dirty, wild beasts tearing at each other in a murderous frenzy.

Still, one of them would have to die, and the other one was going to live.

That... was the essence of combat.

Rain had no time or luxury to hesitate, think, or even feel.

She could only strive to assure that, at the end, she was the one who survived.




***
Chapter 2001: Winding Paths


***






The battle between Sid and Felise was like a small calamity... one taking place within the terror of a much vaster cataclysm.

The battlefield where hundreds of thousands of Awakened sought to destroy each other stretched from one horizon to another, strained by the great and violent forces they summoned into the world. Above them was the shroud of radiant clouds; beneath them were the bones of a dead deity.

Sid and Felise had come a long way since the Forgotten Shore. Today, however, their winding paths crossed once again... only for one path to put an end to the other.

Sid tasted blood in her mouth as Felise pushed her back. They moved with enough speed to make their furious clash appear like a blur – from time to time, groups of fighting Awakened soldiers got in their way, only to be violently tossed aside.

Some survived... some were less fortunate. 

‘Curse it!’

She drew on all her combat experience – few in the world had more of that than her – and all her skill. Her sword moved as if it was a living thing, deflecting blow after blow after blow. There was no holding back in this battle, so Sid abandoned all restraint, alternating between short bursts of incredible power, incredible resilience, and incredible speed – her Dormant, Awakened, and Ascended Abilities.

Still, all of it was not enough to resist Felise, who was like a crimson wraith.

Her former friend was viciously strong and shockingly fast. Her kris was like a curse, seemingly existing in several places at the same time. Her technique was insidious and flawless, and her killing intent was absolute.

Sid managed to block a blow that would have blinded her by calling upon her strength. She avoided another by leaping back with lightning speed. The third penetrated a crack in her armor, but merely scraped against her adamantine skin, failing to pierce it.

A moment later, Felise delivered a crushing kick to her abdomen, making Sid groan in pain.

She staggered back.

"Elly... if you don't stop... I'm going to get serious..."

The Handmaiden sneered.

"We are not children anymore, Sid. Stop pretending."

Sid grinned, her teeth painted red by blood.

It was true... they weren't children anymore.

Felise had grown incredibly powerful. The soft girl she had known once was gone. Instead, a proud and deadly warrior now stood in front of her – someone who had reached the very pinnacle of what mortals strived for.

A Blood Sister of the Song Domain.

But...

Sid gritted her teeth and straightened, grasping the hilt of her sword with both hands.

Back there on the Forgotten Shore, life had not been easy for the Handmaidens. Most people of the outer settlement imagined the Bright Castle as some kind of heaven, but Sid knew better – in reality, people living there had to contend with their own nightmares.

Felise would not have survived there if she had been weak.

But still…

She had not been a huntress of the outer settlement.

Lunging forward, Sid activated her Ascended Ability and flashed across the blood-soaked bone.

So what if Felise was stronger? So what if she was faster? So what if she was more powerful in all regards?

Sid had made a living from slaying creatures that were much more powerful than her.

Battering the swift kris aside, she collided with the Handmaiden violently and grappled her, letting go of the sword.

If one had no space to move, speed did not matter much.

She pushed Felise back, placing one foot behind hers and tripping her.

If one had no steady footing, it was hard to exert strength. Every action had an equal and opposite reaction, after all, and with no ground to push against, the mightiest of creatures would be limited at what it could do.

For every power, there was a weakness.

There was a flaw. 

As they both toppled and fell, Felise clawed at Sid's face, leaving deep cuts on it. Sid tilted her head and bit down on the Handmaiden's hand, feeling brittle bones break under her teeth.

Hunters were people who killed beasts. However...

Before that, hunters themselves were beasts.

They were just more cunning, ferocious, and lethal beasts than their prey.

Felise let out a stifled shriek, failing to thrust her kris into Sid's side.

A moment later, they hit the ground, and Sid smashed her forehead into the bridge of the Handmaiden's nose with all her might.

Felise was blinded by the pain, and a split second later, the back of her head slammed into the tough surface of the ancient bone with terrible force.

Her beautiful ebony hair became soaked with blood.

Wrestling the kris from her momentary weak hand, Sid grasped its hilt, prepared to drive its tip into the enemy's flesh.

However, then... she hesitated.

Even knowing that Felise could dismiss the enchanted dagger at any moment, she still couldn't bring herself to deliver a fatal blow.

‘How stupid…’

Her hand wouldn't move.

So, instead, she plunged the kris into the Handmaidens side, delivering her a debilitating wound... but not a deadly one.

Felise let out a pained yelp and struggled desperately, trying to shake Sid off.

She dismissed the kris... but by then, Sid's own dagger had already manifested in her free hand.

It wasn't easy to hold the terrifyingly powerful Handmaiden down. Blood was streaming down Sid's torn face, and her former friend's hands were exploring it, searching for her eyes to gouge them out.

Their desperate struggle was both violent and strangely intimate, as if they were transported back to the Forgotten Shore.

Sitting side by side in a cold ramshackle hut, sharing their warmth, and telling each other stories.

Pressing the tip of her dagger against the enemy's abdomen, Sid growled hoarsely:

"Stay down!"

But Felise only struggled more desperately, unwilling to admit defeat. There were sparks of light swirling around her, soon to manifest into another Memory.

Sid's eyes were burning.

It was either sweat that had gotten into them, or blood.

Or tears.

She allowed her dagger to move down a few centimeters, drawing blood, and said in a stifled, almost pleading tone:

"Stay down, Elly... just stay down. Or I'll kill you..."

‘Please, gods…’

But Felise still struggled.

The sparks of light danced, slowly manifesting into a weapon.

***

Author's Thoughts 

I made a small alteration to Sid's Awakened Ability due to how similar it is to Belle's. Instead of becoming intangible for a split second, she is capable of becoming hardened, thus deflecting a blow. That suits the theme of her Aspect better, as well:]

I'll edit its previous mention to fit the change in a few days.




***
Chapter 2002: Kill or Be Killed


***






Rain tried to batter the Feather Knight into submission, but the young woman turned out to be much more stubborn and resilient than she had expected. Despite the barrage of crushing blows, her enemy continued to resist, not losing even a little bit of determination.

Well... Rain couldn't blame her.

The blond-haired girl was fighting for her life, after all.

Giving up meant death. 

‘Damn it…’

Her enemy was quite proficient in hand-to-hand combat, as well... more so than Rain was, sadly. After all, Rain had spent the past four years hunting down Nightmare Creatures, not wrestling humans.

Her training was thorough, but mostly theoretical.

The Feather Knight, on the other hand, seemed to possess a wealth of practical experience. She protected herself from being hurt too badly while delivering terrible punishment to Rain.

And there were the stinging arcs of electricity, as well...

Pain. Rain was in so much pain.

She was also afraid, frantic, and desperate...

After all, she was fighting for her life, too.

The Feather Knight managed to roll, pressing Rain into the ground. She swatted away Rain's arms and delivered a crushing blow, bruising – or maybe cracking – her ribs with an armored fist.

There was more agony.

Rain tried to use her legs to throw the blond-haired menace off, but her enemy simply went with the motion, spinning around her and catching her neck in an iron chokehold.

Suddenly, Rain couldn't breathe.

She struggled desperately, trying to pull the Feather Knight's arm off her throat. But it was useless. The enemy just groaned and pulled even harder, trying to crush her windpipe.

Even though Rain was stronger, she couldn't get a good grip. She was caught and immobilized.

All her strength was useless.

‘Ι…’

Her vision started to blur.

‘I can't die here…’

Shaken and dazed, she had forgotten all about the battle, the war, and the fact that her brother would not let her die.

All she knew was the desperate need to inhale... to survive.

She wanted to stab her killer with one of her enchanted arrows, but summoning a Memory would take too long... wouldn't it?

Luckily, Rain's weapon was not a Memory.

A few steps away, her black tachi was laying on the bloody surface of the ancient bone. As she called for it, the tachi stirred, and then dissolved, turning into a small shadow.

The shadow slithered across the ground like a little snake, and then climbed onto her outstretched hand.

A moment later, it turned into a black dagger with a long, narrow blade.

Twisting her body, Rain mustered all her remaining strength and drove the stiletto into the Feather Knight's thigh.

The young woman screamed as blood flowed onto the ancient bone.

Her hold grew weaker for a split second, and Rain used that short moment to free herself.

Spinning around, she tore the dagger from her enemy's flesh, and raised it to plunge the dark blade into the Feather Knight's throat.

And then, at the last second... Rain hesitated.

It was because she saw her enemy's face clearly.

The Feather Knight was young – older than her, but not by that much. Under the grime of the battlefield, her face was pale and pretty. Her beautiful golden hair was now mottled, soaked in sweat and blood.

Her eyes were opened wide, full of pain, fear, and despair.

Just like Rain's own.

Was that whom she was supposed to kill?

Of course, it was.

It was war, after all.

It was kill or be killed. 

Rain was a hunter, a warrior, and a soldier. She was a soldier of the great Song Army, and the nameless Feather Knight was a soldier of the Sword Domain. She was Rain's enemy, and she would kill Rain immediately if their roles were reversed.

...Would she not?

This moment of hesitation could cost Rain her life if it went on any longer. The enemy was strong, determined, and deadly. She had to die.

So why...

Why did Rain feel so much disgust at the thought of killing this pale, frightened young woman?

Why did she feel reluctant to thrust the dagger forward and take the Feather's Knight's life?

Why...

***

"Stay down, Elly!”

Sid pressed Felise into the ground, knowing that she was being foolish.

She should have finished the Handmaiden down ages ago.

She was being reckless and risking her life, allowing emotions to cloud her mind.

And yet, and yet...

"Stop struggling, you stupid girl!"

Sid growled.

Felise looked up at her from the ground. Her eyes were full of a strange emotion... was it resentment? Defiance? Challenge?

Maybe all of those.

But there was something else there, as well, hidden deep within.

Fear... panic. And despair.

However, despite it all, Felise did not stop struggling.

The sparks swirling around her hand finally dimmed, manifesting into an intricately crafted, razor-sharp knife.

A deadly blade.

Sid froze for a split second, staring down at her former friend numbly.

There was no time to hesitate anymore, and no choice.

‘No…’

...And then, she pushed her dagger down.

It cut through the fabric of the Handmaiden's crimson garment, and plunged into her flesh.

Sneaking under her ribs, and cutting deep.

Hot blood washed over Sid's hand, and she felt Elly's body shudder under her.

The knife fell from the Handmaiden's weakened grip.

The defiance in her eyes was replaced by disbelief... and pain.

And sorrow.

The same emotions Sid felt, lost in the middle of this calamitous, appalling battle.

***

Rain looked into the eyes of the Feather Knight, knowing that her time was running out.

The enemy was already recovering from shock... which meant that a moment later, her chance of killing the enemy would disappear like a ghost.

It would be so easy, to thrust the dagger forward and steal the young woman's life.

There was no reason not to.

Because Rain was a soldier.

And she had been taught well.

The essence of combat...

But was that what Rain wanted to be?

A murderer?

Before the war... she had wanted to build things, not destroy them. To add to the world, not take away from it.

It seemed so distant, as if it had happened a lifetime ago.

Still, one had to be alive to build anything. And she had to kill to stay alive.

There was no time to hesitate, and no choice.

That was just basic logic.

...And yet, Rain found herself unwilling.

She was dazed, hurting, and only starting to recover from almost being strangled to death. She could barely think, let alone think straight, which wasn't the best state to make profound decisions.

But then again, maybe it was the best state.

Stripped of all reason, Rain was left face-to-face with her deepest, most fundamental instincts.

With the things that made her... her.

And what Rain found was that she didn't want to be a murderer, a killer, and a destroyer.

She only felt disgust at the prospect.

Even if it meant not getting to become anything else.

‘I'm sorry…’

She had chosen to join the war herself. But in the end...

It seemed that Rain wasn't cut out to be a soldier.

Letting out a quiet sigh, she slowly lowered her dagger.

And as she did, Rain felt something deep and profound change inside of her.

Forever.

A moment later, the Feather Knight lunged to the side, grasping the hilt of her sword.

Before she could raise it, though... Both of them looked up.

There, above them... a blinding star seemed to be falling from the sky.  

The incandescent mass of white radiance plummeted toward the blood-soaked battlefield and crushed into it with a deafening thunderclap. A violent shockwave was raised by its arrival, throwing the warriors of the two great armies away from each other.

When the winds settled a few moments later, Rain gasped.

...A beautiful goddess was standing amidst the dirt and blood of the appalling battlefield, her pure white radiance seemingly unblemished... incapable of being blemished... by the crimson dust of the mortal world.

Two breathtaking wings shone in the air behind her, and a band of lustrous metal rested on her head like a crown.

Her eyes were like a sea of white flame. 

Changing Star of the Immortal Flame had descended onto the battlefield.




***
Chapter 2003: Morning Star


***






When Changing Star appeared, Rain let out a heavy sigh of relief. All tension left her body, and she slumped on the ground, kneeling in the middle of the battlefield with her back bent.

It was a strange reaction to have, really... by all logic, she should have been terrified. After all, an enemy Saint had arrived at the battlefield – and one of the most powerful Saints in the world, at that.

If not in the most powerful.

Sure, Rain knew Nephis, and they shared a distant connection. The last daughter of the Immortal Flame could even spare her out of sentiment if they were to face each other on the battlefield... however, that would require Nephis to remember and recognize Rain first.

Considering that Awakened soldiers were no more than ants in front of Changing Star, she was unlikely to study the faces of each and every one of them before burning the entire anthill to the ground.

...And yet, against all logic, Rain still felt a profound sense of relief at the sight of the beautiful Saint.

Somehow, she believed that her not-quite-sister-in-law would solve everything.

‘Right... she's his girlfriend, as well…’

Finally able to think, Rain belatedly remembered about the existence of her teacher.

She hesitated for a moment.

[Brother?]

His reassuring voice soon resounded in her mind, soothing it.

[Relax. It's all going to be alright now.]

There was a short pause, and then he added in a more casual tone:

[Get ready to move, though. You'll have to escape fast once the real mess begins.]

It was only then that Rain tore her gaze from the sacred visage of Nephis of the Immortal Flame and looked around.

Tamar was still laying on the ground, heavily wounded and moving weakly.

The Feather Knight was still just a couple of steps away, tightly grasping her sword...

Luckily, the golden-haired girl did not seem in the mood to attack Rain at the moment. She was also looking at Changing Star with wide eyes.

...Everyone was, really.

Her shocking arrival had magically made the entire battle stop – on a vast span of the battlefield, at least. Soldiers were still clashing on the distant flanks of the battlefront, but in the center, nobody was moving.

It was as if her pure radiance possessed the same power as the dreadful white abyss hiding above the clouds – the power to make entire armies halt.

Rain turned back to Nephis just in time to see the soft light emanating from her skin grow brighter and more intense, almost blinding. Her wings dissolved into a stream of light, and in the next moment…

Everything around was suddenly enveloped by white flames.

The battlefield burned.

...But, strangely enough, no one was hurt by the ocean of radiant fire.

Rain watched in a trance as the bodies of the warriors of the Sword Army were swallowed by it, washed over by it... and restored by it.

The blood stopped flowing. The groans of agony fell silent. The terrible wounds closed, not leaving even a scar.

Thousands of warriors were miraculously brought back from the jaws of death, right in front of Rain's eyes. Cleansed by the Immortal Flame, they rose shakily to their feet, picked up their weapons...

And cast their gazes on the pilgrims of the Raven Queen, who looked like a mockery of all that was holy and of life itself in that moment.

However, Rain noticed something strange, as well.

She witnessed the wounds of the young Feather Knight being healed by the white flame - the gaping wound in her thigh disappearing, the bruises on her face fading, the pain draining from her beautiful eyes, replaced instead by awe and wonder...

But, oddly enough, the very same thing had happened to Tamar. The white flame embraced her, as well, washing away her terrible burns. When the radiance of the fire dimmed, her supple tan skin was smooth and pristine, unblemished.

In fact, there were quite a few warriors of the Song Army who had been saved by Changing Star's grace – not nearly as many as the Sword Army soldiers, but still a significant number.

It was... a bittersweet blessing.

Because there were so many people – on both sides – who had never received the chance to be saved.

The sun-bleached bone was awash in blood, and countless mangled bodies littered its crimson expanse.

More of them were standing motionlessly and watching Changing Star with hollow eyes, their bloodied faces devoid of any emotion.

She did not cower under the gazes of the dead.

Instead, she turned her head, and then walked calmly toward a figure kneeling on the ground a dozen or so meters away.

It was close enough for Rain to see that the figure was a woman with dirty-blonde hair – an Ascended champion of the Sword Army – who was holding a dying Blood Sister in her arms, still gripping the dagger that had delivered a fatal wound in a bloody hand.

From the distance, it almost seemed like there were tears streaming down her face, mixing with blood and dirt.

As the beautiful Saint approached, the Ascended looked up at her with a pitiful face.

Her hoarse, strained voice was like a whisper.

“Lady Nephis…”

Changing Star smiled softly.

“It's alright.”

With that, she kneeled in front of them and gently placed her hands on the Blood Sister's abdomen. Her radiance spread outward, flowing into the deep wound of the enemy champion.

A few moments later, the wound began to close.

Rain was so confused...

It did not make any sense.

Why would she heal her enemies?

The soldiers around her all seemed stunned, as well.

The white radiance reflected in their eyes, filling them with wondrous light.

Finally, the Blood Sister stirred weakly, moving her hands to rest them where the fatal cut had been just a few moments ago. Letting out a sigh, Changing Star lingered for several seconds, then rose to her feet and looked down at the kneeling Ascended of the Sword Army.

Raising her brow, she asked:

“What are you waiting for? Fall back.”

Then, looking around, she raised her voice and gave the order to every soldier of the Sword Army that was still alive.

“All of you, fall back! Leave the rest to me.”

Rain just stared in disbelief.

The battle was over... would be over, just like that?

She shifted her gaze and glanced at the Feather Knight, who had been listening to Nephis was rapt attention.

Now, relief was written on the young woman's face, as well.

The golden-haired girl exhaled slowly, then strained to rise to her feet. Turning around, she took the first unsteady step away.

Their gazes met for a moment.

The Feather Knight lingered, looking at Rain somberly.

Then, she nodded slightly, placed the blade of her sword on her shoulder, and continued walking.

All around, the Sword Army was receding like a sea.

Leaving only Changing Star behind.

Dazed and struggling to contain her excitement, Rain crawled to where Tamar was still laying on the ground and helped the young Legacy sit.

Making sure that Tamar was okay, she looked around once more.

The soldiers of the Sword Army were leaving, but her fellow warriors of Song still remained motionless, looking at Nephis with an array of different expressions.

Some seemed grateful. Some were amazed.

Most, however, were shaking and slowly backing off in terror.

Because now that the initial amazement was gone, they realized that they were left face-to-face with a wrathful demigod... alone.

Or so it seemed.

Rain did not notice when it happened, but at some point, the rows of soldiers parted, and a graceful figure appeared from behind them.

It was Princess Seishan, walking across the blood-soaked battlefield with light steps.

Suddenly, the air grew heavy, as if two enormous wills were clashing all around them, unseen by human eyes.

‘Crap…’

Rain gripped Tamar's shoulders tighter, unsure what to do.

The Lost Princess, meanwhile, reached Nephis and stopped a dozen meters away from her, an enchanting smile playing on her crimson lips.

“Lady Nephis... what a pleasure. I did not expect to meet you today.”

Her gaze shifted downward, falling on the Blood Sister laying at Changing Star's feet.

Princess Seishan's gaze changed subtly, for a moment, betraying a deep emotion. However, she managed to contain it swiftly, preventing anything from reflecting on her face.

She lingered a little, and then continued:

“...Still, I must express my gratitude. Thank you for saving one of my Handmaidens. It was... gracious of you, to show my soldier mercy.”

Nephis simply looked at her, white flames dancing in her eyes.

After a few moments of silence, she said:

“She was my soldier once, too.”

Seishan smiled.

“Indeed. However, Lady Nephis, please satiate my curiosity. I can't help but wonder... why are you here?”

Changing Star stared at her coldly for a bit.

Then, a corner of her mouth lifted slightly, and she answered with a hint of bittersweet amusement in her tone:

“...Because I want to.”

Seishan seemed quite surprised by the answer enough so that a melodious chuckle escaped from her lips.

Nephis inhaled deeply, then looked the princess of Song right in the eyes.

“Let us decide the outcome of this battle with our own hands. You and I... and all the other Saints, if they dare. Why should our soldiers continue to die in our place?”

Seishan tilted her head lightly and remained silent for a while.

Eventually, she said in a calm tone:

“That does sound like an attractive proposition, I admit. However, Lady Nephis... both you and I are forbidden from participating in this battle, are we not?”

Changing Star studied the Lost Princess of Song for a while, then smiled faintly.

"We are not allowed to enter battle, that is true. But I do decide to enter it..." ""That does sound like an attractive proposition, I admit. However, Lady Nephis... both you and I are forbidden from participating in this battle, are we not?"

Changing Star studied the Lost Princess of Song for a while, then smiled faintly.

“We are not allowed to enter battle, that is true. But I do decide to enter it…” 

She raised her head slightly, and her incandescent eyes suddenly flashed with dancing white flames.

“...Who will stop me?”




***
Chapter 2004: Seeds of Rebellion


***






Sunny was not having the greatest of days.

In fact, he was in quite a grim mood. 

Not only was he forced to watch the senseless and wasteful deaths of too many Awakened warriors – who were supposed to be the blade mankind wielded against the Nightmare Spell, not against itself – but his own sister was hopelessly mired in the very epicenter of the slaughter, as well, a hair's breadth away from being killed herself.

Sunny had promised himself not to trample her agency unless there was no other choice. So, he could not simply pull Rain into the shadows and whisk her away to safety... whatever safety looked like, in this godforsaken place. All he could do was remain as alert as possible, ready to interfere at a moment's notice to save her life.

This constant state of alarm and tension was taking its toll.

More than that, he was having the worst luck today.

Why did Rain and the members of her cohort have to clash with the warriors of the White Feather clan, of all people? Worse still, Rain just had to go and encounter Telle of White Feather.

From the moment their brutal duel started, Sunny had to focus his full attention on the two young Awakened. Obviously, he couldn't allow Rain to die... but now, he couldn't allow her enemy to die, either.

Despite having first met Telle many years ago, on the Chained Isles, Sunny did not know her well. Still, he had a good impression of her. Much more importantly, her parents were none other than Tyris and Roan – their daughter could absolutely not be killed on his watch, let alone with his assistance.

So, he waited, getting ready to stop Rain at the last moment – should she win.

Or stop Telle should she lose.

Needless to say, watching them trying to kill each other with all their might was quite nerve-wracking.

In the end, however, Sunny had not been forced to do anything.

Strangely enough, Rain never tried to deliver the fatal blow. He felt a complicated storm of emotions in her just before that, and then a brief moment of striking, unrelenting clarity.

And something else, as well. Something deep and vast, almost... inexorable. But hidden from his senses at the same time.

Both her inexplicable lack of action and this strange emotion confused Sunny to no end. He struggled to understand what could have stopped Rain from at least trying to finish off the deadly enemy... he would have definitely used the precious opportunity himself, and he had taught her better than to lose composure in the middle of a lethal fight.

There was no time to focus on Rain's emotions, though, because almost at the same time, Nephis plummeted from the sky and landed in the middle of the calamitous battlefield like an falling star.

Sunny let out a mental sigh of relief.

‘Just in time.’

He watched her raptly.

His star... was so breathtakingly beautiful.

Even surrounded by blood and tragedy, her radiant light was pure and full of splendor.

Neph's arrival halted the fighting across the entire center of the battlefield. And she...

She did not hold back.

Her flames spread outward, healing countless people – both the soldiers of the Sword Army and the soldiers of the Song Army, not making any distinctions between friend or foe.

Of course, there was still a limit to whom Nephis could save. Her healing flames would only affect those who were connected to her as part of her nascent Domain from a distance – if a person was not integrated into the net of longing she had inspired deep enough, however, she could only affect them through direct touch.

Just as she did with the dying Handmaiden.

Had she sensed Seishan approaching, or had she truly wanted to save the former member of the Dream Army?

Sunny wasn't sure.

He could not help but admire Neph's showmanship, though.

The entire battlefield was enthralled by her and her actions, without a doubt. The seeds of longing were falling into the fertile soil of countless hurting souls, thus expanding the foundation of her future Domain. People needed hope the most in the depths of hell, after all, and this battlefield was no different from a hellish nightmare.

At the same time, the seeds of political intrigue that Cassie, Nephis, and Sunny had sown far in advance were blooming, as well.

Nephis had already established herself as a reluctant participant in the war and the only voice of dissent among the warmongers. Considering her previous feats and her flawless adherence to the noble duty of an Awakened, her reputation was stellar among the warriors of both the Song Domain and the Sword Domain.

And now, that reputation was being cemented in their hearts. The countless soldiers she had saved, and everyone who had seen her saving them, would never forget the grace and mercy of Changing Star of the Immortal Flame... contrasted sharply against the ruthless will of the Sovereigns.

...And the more disillusioned and tired of the war they grew, the easier it would be for them to accept her eventual rebellion.

They might applaud her for betraying her adopted family and engaging in a little bit of royal patricide, even, when the time came.

Even Sunny was having trouble discerning if Neph's actions at the moment were sincere or calculated. They very well could have been both of those things...

He did know that she was putting on at least a bit of an intentional show, however.

That was because Nephis had never attempted healing on such a massive scale before. Not only would saving countless soldiers have consumed a truly terrifying amount of soul essence, but it would have also brought her immeasurable pain.

Her humanity would have been scorched and burned by the agony. It was a miracle that she had managed to keep the suffering from showing on her face, really... in any case, she would not be in a state to show benevolence, let alone compassion.

So, at least some of her actions were a coldly premeditated act.

The soldiers saw her as a beautiful, merciful, and noble savior.

And she was all that – but at the same time, beneath the surface and above all else, she was a ruthless, calculating, and chillingly ambitious destroyer.

A herald of change and ruin. 

...She was beautiful in either case, though.

As Nephis spoke to Seishan, challenging the Saints of the Song Domain to battle, Sunny smiled.

The goddess had already descended onto the battlefield.

Now, it was time for the devil to make his entrance, as well.




***
Chapter 2005: Strength in Numbers


***






“...Who will stop me?”

This simple sentence that Nephis had spoken hid many meanings and carried plenty of weight.

Although very few people knew her well enough to understand the true burden of these words, they were a proclamation of who she was – and how unyielding her will was, as well. It was her defiant challenge to the world, calling the world to come and try to stop her... if it dared.

But, at the same time, there was a far more obvious meaning to what Nephs had said.

First, she was hinting that Seishan and the Saints of Song had no choice but to fight her – because once Nephis entered the battle and unleashed her flames upon the Song Army, only they would be able to contend against her.

At the same time, she was also telling Seishan something else. It was that no one could prevent her from entering the battle... except for two people.

Anvil of Valor and Ki Song, the Sovereigns of humanity. 

By joining the battle, Nephis was going directly against their will. However, she was so powerful that no one except for the person who had given the order or his adversary could punish her for breaking it.

That would require the Sovereigns to interfere personally, though, thus escalating the battle even further and inevitably resulting in a direct clash between them – because if one of them moved, the other would not remain still.

The two Supremes, however, were not willing to fight each other just yet.

It was that even if there was someone who could stop her, there was no one who would.

That she could break the will of the Sovereigns with impunity, and nobody could do anything about it.

...It was a powerful message to send.

But not an unwelcome one, as far as Seishan was concerned – for one simple reason.

It was that what Nephis had proposed – stop the bloodshed and decide the outcome of the battle with a clash between only the Saints of both armies – favored the Song Domain greatly.

There were many more Saints in the Song Army, after all.

They had already held an advantage in that regard at the very start of the war, and their advantage only became greater after Morgan's departure and the battle at Vanishing Lake.

The situation had worsened even further since then.

Three expeditions had been sent into the depths of Godgrave to conquer its remaining Citadels. Revel and her First Royal Legion had gone into the darkness of the Spine Ocean, accompanied by Moonveil... while a punitive expedition had set out from the camp of the Sword Army to destroy them.

Considering how powerful the daughters of Ki Song were, that expedition numbered seven Saints.

Additionally, Summer Knight was heading south with two Saints accompanying him, while the Queen of Worms had given up on conquering the Femur Citadel, thus sending no one.

So, in the end...

The Song Army, which had only lost one Transcendent champion since the start of the war, could muster forty-six Saints in this battle. The Sword Army, meanwhile, could only muster twenty-four... twenty-three, really, considering that Saint Tyris was too important for Anvil to risk losing her.

In short... Seishan had no less than twice as many Saints to accompany her into battle as Nephis had.

What reason did she have to refuse?

‘Ah... it's going to be a long day.’

Still embracing Rain as a shadow, Sunny sent her a mental message:

[That is your cue to get the hell away.]

His sister flinched, then helped Tamar stand up and rushed away from where Changing Star and the Lost Princess of Song were facing each other.

All around her, the warriors of the Song Army were following suit, receding like a tide. A vast open space was opening between the two retreating armies, painted by blood and littered with mangled corpses.

Sunny let out a mental sigh and shifted most of his focus to the Lord of Shadows.

The fighting at the center of the battlefront might have stopped, but on the flanks, the Awakened were still clashing and killing each other. Sunny headed for the left flank, where both armies were in great disarray.

His entrance was far less spectacular than Neph's.

Sunny simply rose from the shadows amidst the slaughter, silently and without drawing any attention.

Suddenly, a fearsome figure in black onyx armor was standing among the desperately fighting soldiers, darkness nestling in the gaping abyss of its demonic eyes.

His long white hair – a permanent fixture whenever he wore either of his masks now – was moving slightly in the wind.

A few soldiers noticed him and staggered away in fright, some of them falling to the ground. But that was all.

Sunny sighed.

‘No, this won't do... it won't do at all…’

And as he did, the shadows across the battlefield stirred.

Suddenly, the world shuddered, and a towering black wall soared from the ground into the sky, sending countless Awakened flying. It seemed to be made from obsidian, its surface rough and uneven, almost absorbing the light.

The great wall stretched for several kilometers, effectively cutting the left flank of the battlefield in two.

The Sword Army had remained on one side of the great wall of obsidian, separated from the Song Army by its tenebrous width.

Of course, there were stragglers left on both sides – but no one was in the mood to swarm them and bring them down.

Just like at the center, before, the battle suddenly and abruptly came to a halt. Everyone was staring at the vast expanse of black obsidian in fear and shock.

...And at Sunny, too.

It was quite a spectacular way to leave a strong impression.

He nodded in satisfaction.

‘That's better.’

Just at that moment, a Master from the Sword Army finally recognized him.

Falling to one knee, the young man looked up with awe and terror in his trembling eyes.

“L-lord Shadow! Sir!”

Sunny stared at him silently for a few moments.

‘Well... I'll be damned.’ 

It was his old friend – young Master Tristan of Aegis Rose. Rivalen's son.

Somehow, the fool was still alive.

Sunny smiled faintly behind the mask and looked away.

“Retreat. This is the King's command.”

The young Master opened his eyes wide, then bowed and dashed away, shouting orders.

Soon, the Sword Army started to pull back.

Sunny allowed the obsidian wall to crumble into a tide of shadows – the damn thing was consuming too much essence – and watched the Song Army retreat. The stragglers were already hurrying to catch up with their retreating comrades.

The real mess was about to start.




***
Chapter 2006: The Real Mess


***






Sunny was on the left flank of the battlefield, while Nephis was in the center.

The right flank, meanwhile...

[Cassie?] 

There were a few moments of silence, and then the blind seer's voice resounded in his mind.

[I've arrived.]

Indeed... today's battle was so important and terribly skewed in favor of the enemy that even Song of the Fallen, the Seneschal of the Great Clan Valor – someone who was not supposed to appear on a battlefield often, serving her King and Domain in other ways – had no choice but to enter the fray.

In fact, every Saint of the Sword Army was either already here or on their way – except for Sky Tide, who had been ordered to remain with the King of Swords in the rear.

Their enemies were already here, too. As the tide of Song soldiers receded, dozens of motionless figures were revealed, standing apart from each other across the expansive battlefield.

Sunny felt a strange mixture of somber wariness and anticipation.

Each Saint was a force to be reckoned with... and the enemy had twice as many Saints as his side.

There were the puppets of the Queen, as well. There was also the horde of Nightmare Creatures enthralled by Beastmaster…

And he had not forgotten that there were still three of Mordret's Reflections left intact, somewhere out there.

The odds did not seem very promising for the Sword Saints.

‘How many will die?’

Sunny suddenly felt a chill.

It was hard to kill a Saint, and even harder to prevent one from escaping should they wish to flee. Those who had reached Transcendence also possessed an incredible wealth of martial experience – they would know when to continue the fight and when to retreat.

...Still, Saints were going to die today.

Countless soldiers would be spared from the cold embrace of death, but death would not remain unfed.

It was just that the souls it swallowed would be far more nourishing and potent.

Of course, the number of the fallen would be infinitely smaller...

But not the significance.

In fact, the two Domains would sustain far more damage if a handful of Saints were killed than if a myriad of Awakened died.

That was because only Saints could claim Citadels, thus expanding a Sovereign's Domain over vast territories. Currently, there were more Saints in the world than there were conquered Citadels – but not by much.

If enough Transcendent champions were killed today, some of the strongholds of humanity in the Dream Realm would be left without masters. And therefore...

The Domains would shrink, losing some of their overall power... a directly opposite result to what the Sovereigns had wanted to achieve by fighting over land in Godgrave.

The Domains would grow weaker.

...Was that part of Neph's calculation, as well?

It surely was.

‘How devious.’

Sunny should know... after all, he had come up with the plan himself.

In the end, her enthralling display of grace and noble virtue had not just empowered her nascent Domain, but would also lay the groundwork for weakening the Domains of her enemies.

Sunny smiled sadly behind the mask.

He felt a little dirty.

Neither of them really wanted to see Saints die – each Saint was a treasure of humanity, after all. So, usually, they would not take steps to ensure the loss of Transcendent lives.

However, the situation was different today, because these lives were weighed against the lives of countless Awakened and Ascended warriors. Those were a treasure of humanity, too – both as they were, and due to their unrealized potential.

So, in a zero-sum, the conspirators were justified to choose the sacrifice that would further their goals more. And on a purely human level... it felt less shameful, to sacrifice a few for the benefit of many. Especially if they themselves would be risking their lives side by side with those few.

But still, Sunny did not feel good about the situation.

He had no doubt that Nephis would not be feeling very pleasant at the moment, either – if she was still capable of feeling anything, having been numbed to emotions by the pain of her Flaw.

...The Saints themselves were going to be troubled, too – those who survived, of course. The loss of life among the soldiers was already painful enough, considering that White Feather had not been the only clan to send its warriors into battle. But dying and killing their former friends and comrades personally was both far more visceral and far more poignant an experience.

And as the loyalty the Saints had for the Sovereigns diminished and their discontent grew, no matter how little, Neph's position would improve further still.

Because the doubts the people fighting for the two great armies felt were only useless in the lack of an alternative to the iron rule of the two Sovereigns.

If an alternative did present itself one day in the future, though...

Well.

No matter how unpleasant it was, Nephis had made a brilliant move.

There would be consequences later, without doubt. Anvil would definitely not be happy with her defiance... but those were problems for the future.

Now, all Nephis, Sunny, and Cassie had to do... was actually survive the battle and make sure that the overwhelming advantage of the Song Domain did not lead to a wholesale slaughter of the Sword Saints.

‘They have twice as many... hell…’

Sunny was not alone on the left flank of the battlefield. A few other Saints had joined him, as well – now, what remained was to see which strategy the Song Domain would choose.

They could just send two Saints of Song to fight each individual Sword Saint. Of course, that was unlikely – after all, they knew how powerful Changing Star and the Lord of Shadows were. They also knew about Saint, Fiend, and Serpent.

Cassie might give them an unpleasant surprise, but in the grand scheme of things, her presence on the battlefield was not too impactful.

Sunny could see Saint Rivalen in the distance. He had assumed his Transcendent form, squaring against a single Saint of the Song Domain – the giant reptile with powerful legs and strangely short arms that Rain had seen tearing Nightmare Creatures apart in the Hollows.

On the other side, Helie was facing a Saint who had chosen to maintain a human form.

And a little further away, there was Roan.

...Also faced by a single opponent.

Sunny suddenly felt a bad premonition.

‘Just... how high is their opinion of me?’

Looking straight ahead, he lowered his head slightly.

‘One, two, three…’

The darkness nestling in the eyes of Weaver's mask stirred slightly.

...Apparently, it was extremely high.

Because there were thirteen enemy Saints moving to surround him in a wide half-circle.




***
Chapter 2007: Exchanging Pleasantries


***






Thirteen... was a lot of Saints to face alone, even for Sunny.

Not that he had ever tried. 

He had seen most of them in battle already, as well. Each was a dire adversary…

The obsidian giant with the head of a jackal towered above the blood- soaked battlefield like a malevolent deity. The hill-sized canine with three heads – Saint Ceres – was moving with measured steps, her low growls reverberating across the vast expanse of Godgrave. The alluring woman with a strangely wicked half-smile playing on her lively face was Saint Siord – the beautiful harpy he had seen in the Hollows.

There were others, as well.

But Sunny mostly paid attention to three of them.

Silent Stalker. Lonesome Howl.

..And a mesmerizing enchantress with long hair that fell like an onyx waterfall, fair skin, and tantalizing red lips. She wore a dashing armor of black leather and scarlet silk, which seemed to accentuate her sensual figure and breathtaking beauty effortlessly.

An ugly scar marred the perfection of her enchanting face, running from her forehead to the tip of her chin.

‘...Beastmaster.’

Sunny suddenly felt a headache.

He also felt quite lonely while surrounded by so many enemies.

So... he called a few friends to come keep his company.

As the Saints of Song approached, three figures rose from his three shadows.

Saint stepped onto the battlefield, wielding a round shield and a sword of pure darkness. Her fearsome onyx armor seemed to absorb the light, and two ruby flames were burning behind the visor of her helmet with cold indifference.

Fiend straightened his towering body, sunlight glistening on the countless spikes that littered the polished surface of his steel carapace. His four hands moved, each claw like a razor-sharp sword.

A serpentine shadow coiled on the sun-bleached bone and then rose, turning into a breathtaking woman whose body seemed to be made from inky darkness... Serpent had become a shadow of Solvane, the Priestess of War.

Sunny smiled behind the mask.

‘That's better.’

Finally, the Saints of Song finished their approach.

Beastmaster was standing right in front of Sunny, still remaining a safe distance away – Lonesome Howl was to her left, while Silent Stalker was to her right.

None of them had assumed their Transcendent forms yet, so Sunny could see their expressions quite well.

Lonesome How seemed relaxed and impatient to fight, but there was a hint of sober caution behind her carefree squint.

Silent Stalker was cold and gloomy, looking at him with a dark, impenetrable impression. Her piercing gaze was sharp and heavy.

...Beastmaster, however, appeared to be in a good mood. She looked at Sunny with a beguiling smile and spoke in a calm, husky voice:

“The infamous Lord Shadow... it is a pleasure to finally meet you. I've heard so much about you, after all. I hope that you know who I am?”

Sunny just stared at her silently, his figure radiating a sense of coldness, ruthlessness, and dread.

Eventually, he answered with chilling indifference:

“No idea. Should I?”

Beastmaster's smile seemed to falter for a split second, but then, she let out a melodious laugh.

“Allow me to introduce myself, then. I am Beastmaster, Princess of the Song Domain. I'll be in your care today.”

Sunny tilted his head a little, not saying anything.

After a few moments of silence, Beastmaster nodded gracefully.

“A man of few words... how admirable. In fact, there are several qualities about you that I find worthy of admiration – quite a few, actually. So... I hope you don't mind that I have come to welcome you accompanied by others. Considering your great strength, you wouldn't have wanted Clan Song to humiliate you by only sending one or two Saints here... would you?”

Sunny grimaced behind the mask.

Actually, he would have loved to deal with a couple of Saints and swiftly move on to other parts of the battlefield, picking off the rest of them one by one.

Alas, that was not meant to be.

He lifted his chin a little.

“Indeed. I would have been enraged if your Queen only sent a few of her minions to face me. This, though... this makes me quite content. I only regret that you didn't bring more.”

Bestmaster studied him silently for a few moments.

Then, her tantalizing smile widened a little.

At the same time, he sensed her power assaulting his mind.

It was not a full-out attack... for now. Just a little push to probe his defenses.

Well, could Sunny really blame this poor woman? She was so beautiful, so gentle, so... precious. And yet, her mother had sent her to face the vicious fiend of the Sword Army in a battle.

A lovely flower like Bestmaster had to be treasured, nurtured, and protected - not put in harm's way. Protected by someone strong enough to shield her from the vile greed of this impure, wicked world.

Someone like Sunny.

He frowned, and the shadows across the battlefield stirred in response. 

Without moving a muscle, Sunny said coldly:

“...Stop flirting with me, wench. I'm taken.”

If Beastmaster was taken aback, she did not show it. The mirth in her tantalizing eyes did dim a little, however, replaced with a hint of eerie interest.

“I see.”

She sighed, and then moved her shoulders slightly.

“A pity. No one is perfect, I guess…”

Sunny blinked. 

No, but why did even her insults have to sound so... exciting?

In the next moment, however, his expression changed.

Because he suddenly had a bad premonition.

And there, behind the thirteen Saints... three more figures emerged, moving forward with dreadful speed.

The Reflections.

All three had assumed the same form... that of a monstrous, towering creature that had a tail like that of an enormous snake, two powerful hands protruding from a human-like torso, and a bestial head with a long and toothy snout brimming with terrifying fangs.

The creatures looked quite familiar...

In fact, Sunny knew their kind quite well.

They were like older and more dreadful, wingless versions of the Chain Worms – who were a tribe of Nightmare Creatures that populated the darkness beneath the Chained Isles.

The Chain Worms bore that name because they fed on the heavenly chains that held the flying islands together... or on any metal, really, as long as they could sink their fangs into it.

‘Now where…’

Before Sunny could finish the thought, one of the Song Saints seemed to unleash their Aspect Ability.

The space around him suddenly shimmered, as if turning into glass.

And when that glass shattered, Sunny and his Shadow were suddenly separated by a great distance.

The Saints of Song were now apart, as well.

The three Chain Worms were surrounding Fiend. Three Saints were surrounding Saint, and three more were surrounding Serpent. 

While Sunny himself...

Was facing Beastmaster, Lonesome Howl, Silent Stalker, and four others.

Beastmaster smiled.

“...I bet I can fix you, though. Lord Shadow.”

Sunny snarled.

Taking a step forward, he shaped the shadows into a sword and said in a chilling tone:

“When we are done, who is going to fix you?”




***
Chapter 2008: Terrifying Beast


***






The exchange of pleasantries was over, and the battle of the Saints had now begun.

As if to signify its descent, the ground shook violently, and a thunderous roar of a distant explosion rolled across the battlefield, coming from somewhere far to the right.

Nephis must have engaged her own share of Transcendent foes.

Sunny wondered briefly how many Saints the Song Army had sent to face her. More than him? Or less?

In any case, it did not really matter... 

No matter how many of them Song sent, it wouldn't be enough.

The Saints of the two armies clashed across the vast length of the battlefield, ripping the fabric of the world apart. Today was a day for many firsts — the previous battle had been the first time such an inconceivable number of Awakened warriors entered the battlefield, for example, all consumed by the murderous song of war.

And now, close to seventy Saints — most of the Saints there were in existence — were fighting with each other in their stead… it was the most terrifying clash humans had ever witnessed, by far, dwarfing the bloody battles of the Chain of Nightmares with absolute ease.

Far away, the soldiers of the two retreating armies froze in place, watching the dreadful calamity in terror.

The gods were fighting. What were mortal men to do?

Of course, at the moment, Sunny did not care much about their plight. As one of the warring demigods, he had his own problems to solve…

And what diabolical problems they were.

‘This is going to be... damn interesting…’

Facing seven powerful Saints was not something even he could take lightly.

Especially if three of them were of a divine lineage.

The lineage of Beast God...

An unknown power had shattered space, throwing Sunny and his Shadows apart. Of course, he immediately attempted to remedy the situation by ordering Fiend to come back by using Shadow Step.

Sadly, it did not work. The space was continuously being manipulated, and every time the steel Shadow tried to escape, it folded on itself, bringing him right back.

Sunny was not sure if the shattering of the space had been done by an enemy Aspect or a powerful Memory in possession of one the Queen's dsughters, but it was quite effective in preventing him and his Shadow from moving freely to support each other — for now, at least.

His Shadows would have to fend for themselves, and so would Sunny.

He wasn't very worried about Saint and Serpent. Fiend, however…

It seemed that Song had learned their lesson after losing two of Mordret's Reflections to the ravenous steel troll. Today, that had come prepared to deal with the Supreme Devil who served the Lord of Shadows.

Sunny did not know where the Song Army had found the older and more terrifying cousins of the Chain Worms, but the three appalling creatures were a very detrimental foe for Fiend.

After all, they fed on metal, and his entire body was made from blessed steel.

‘Not good…’

Still, Sunny wasn't too worried about Fiend, either — if Song thought that the most frightening thing about that little imp was his impenetrable steel armor, they were going to learn the error of their ways quite soon.

In fact, Sunny was mostly worried about himself.

Fighting seven Saints was better than fighting thirteen… but it was still a challenge.

Taken individually, each of these exalted warriors was not a real threat to Sunny — and even if their collective power was summed up, he would not have to cower in front of it.

However, that was the peril and dread of fighting humans… when several of them came together, the sum was often greater than the parts. Sunny had known it from all the way back on the Forgotten Shore, where dealing with the Carapace Scavengers had become more tenable than it was supposed to be after Nephis joined him.

Even added together, the power of two Sleepers was not comparable to that of an Awakened Beast. However, with Nephis serving as bait and Sunny attacking from the shadows, they had managed to bring countless of those terrifying beasts down.

That was simply the most elementary example of how cooperating with another human could enhance one's lethality far beyond one's power.

And in the present situation… it was Sunny who played the role of a terrifying beast. The Saints of Song, meanwhile, were the weaker hunters who had joined forces to bring him down.

‘Dangerous.’

His enemies were among the most seasoned warriors of humanity, as well. They knew how to cooperate with each other seamlessly, not making any mistakes he could exploit.

There was not enough space for more than three of them to attack him at the same time, for example. So, instead of rushing forward all together and getting in each other's ways, four Saints fell back while three advanced at him with stunning speed.

The three attackers were the obsidian jackal, the three-headed canine — Ceres — and Lonesome Hole.

It did not mean that the other four were doing nothing, though.

In fact, they might have posed more danger than the melee vanguard.

He could already see Silent Stalker nocking an arrow on the string of her sword, while Beastmaster spun a strange-looking sling.

Two remaining Saints took to the sky — one of them was Siord, the harpy, while the second one was a gargoyle with a powerful stone body and wide wings.

The Saint of Sorrow. Tamar's father was here, too.

Sunny was going to have to deal with a barrage of range attacks pretty soon.

But first…

He had to survive the obliterating assault of three melee powerhouses.

Ceres and Lonesome Howl were already tough enough to handle. It was the obsidian giant that gave Sunny the most pressure due to the sheer immensity of his size, though.

The jackal towered above the battlefield like a dark titan, wielding an enormous polearm with a gold crescent blade. That polearm… seemed great and sharp enough to cleave a small fortress in half.

Watching the towering giant barrel at him with murder burning in his bestial eyes, Sunny felt like an ant.

He was suddenly… annoyed.

This scene reminded him of facing Goliath for the first time.

Those were not happy memories.

And although the obsidian jackal was truly blameless in that regard… 

He was going to pay for making Sunny remember something so unpleasant.

‘Let's see which one of us is the ant…’

As the bestial giant approached, Sunny was suddenly enveloped by a tide of shadows.

And then, a colossal figure forged from pure darkness rose to meet the giant face-to-face.




***
Chapter 2009: A Wolf, a Dog, and a Jackal


***






Sunny was still unable to use the Shadow Lantern – or rather, too wary to open its gates. As a result, he was cut off from the nearly inexhaustible supply of shadows for the first time in a long, long while. 

So, the Shadow Shell he had woven out of the wild shadows that dwelled naturally on the battlefield was not nearly as titanic as it could have been.

Nevertheless, it was more than tall enough to match the height of the obsidian giant, and even higher than that, towering above him by a few meters.

The Onyx Mantle covered the colossal Shell created in the image of Sunny's own body like a fearsome black carapace. It was nothing new... however, today, this transformation of his felt different.

That was because he was doing something he had never done before – controlling one of the shadows as an incarnation and augmenting himself with it. Therefore, Sunny felt a strange and incongruous, but not entirely unnatural sensation – that of being himself, but also something other than himself, which had in turn become one with his body.

Basically, he was doing the same thing he had been practicing with his Shadows and Memories, but aimed at his own mind, body, and soul.

That allowed him to push the state of fusion with the Shell even further, making it feel almost like his actual self.

Sunny felt powerful. Sunny felt vast. He felt... as if his every motion held within itself untold devastation.

There was another curious thing that had happened as a result, as well.

It seemed as if that flawless union between the Shadow Shell and him was not merely a sensation. Rather, it was as if the world itself did not see the difference between Sunny and the Shadow Colossus anymore, or at least not so strongly, regarding both as manifestations of his soul.

And Weaver's Mask did, as well.

So, it had expanded in size, shifting to cover the dark titan's face. This mask had been meant to fit the face of a nebulous deity, after all... it was more than capable of hiding the features of giants. So, Sunny did not have to create a facsimile out of shadows, like he had usually done in the past.

He had to admit, though...

Weaver's Mask had always been fearsome and deeply disturbing. Now that it was the size of a tall edifice, however, it suddenly seemed ten times more terrifying.

He wasn't surprised that his enemies seemed slightly hesitant, all of a sudden.

But their wills were not going to be shaken by a frightening visage, and so, their earth-shattering assault continued without slowing down even for a moment.

The obsidian jackal brought his crescent polearm down. His devastating slash seemed powerful enough to slice the very fabric of the world apart, but its momentum broke a moment later.

Sunny had long known how the enemy Saint was going to attack. Having read his intentions in the movements of his body, of his shadow, and of his essence, Sunny had grasped the very core of the enemy's sophisticated Transcendent Battle Art and learned the enemy's intentions far in advance.

So, he fearlessly stepped into the range of the Jackal's weapon, avoiding the crescent blade, and grasped the shaft of the polearm with one armored hand.

There was a loud thunderclap and a devastating shockwave the moment the wooden shaft came into contact with the onyx gauntlet. As its momentum was instantly drained, Sunny's feet were suddenly enveloped by a crimson haze – the blood smearing the surface of the ancient bone had absorbed the dire force of the impact and evaporated, turning into a scorching cloud.

Sunny himself – the conduit of all that destructive energy – had not even flinched, though. He just held the crescent blade in place, unmoving, like a black mountain.

He was not satisfied by simply blocking that first strike, either... of course.

As soon as his left hand grasped the shaft of the crescent polearm, his right arm was already turning into a fist, ready to crash into the skill of the Jackal like a fortress-toppling ram.

‘Let's see how tough you are…’

However, before Sunny had a chance to strike the jackal, a swift and massive shadow lunged at him from the side, and his right hand was suddenly caught in the crushing vice of a monstrous wolf's jaws.

Lonesome Howl had timed her attack to coincide with the fall of the crescent blade.

Her fur was bristling like a black palisade, and furious red flames were burning in her enormous, bestial eyes.

Saint Ceres was not far behind, either.

A split second later, she lunged at Sunny from the left, one of her heads biting him into the shin, a second sinking its fangs into his knee, and the last one tearing into his thigh.

There was an ear-piercing sound of sharp fangs scratching against the stonelike metal.

Sunny was momentarily immobilized.

His left hand was holding the Jackal's weapon, preventing it from cleaving his shell apart. His right hand was caught in Lonesome Howl's eviscerating jaws. The enormous three-headed canine was trying to pull his leg apart, using all its infernal strength to topple him.

Curiously enough...

The Onyx Mantle withstood the fangs of Saint Ceres. It shattered under the fangs of the stygian she-wolf, though – Lonesome Howl had bitten his gauntlet, shredding the hand and wrist of the Shadow Shell with vicious fury.

Silent Stalker had already released an arrow, and Bestmaster had already sent a piece of bone flying from her slingshot.

Sunny barely had time to register the two projectiles, which were flying in his direction with terrible speed.

He did not like the look of either of them.

Both the arrow and the piece of bone were destructive Memories, no doubt. Clan Song was sparing no effort in trying to bring him down today... so, they would use heavy artillery from the start.

If either of the projectiles found its mark, his Shadow Shell would probably be mangled quite badly.

The usefulness of Shadow Step was limited by the shattered space around them, and there were not enough wild shadows on the battlefield to reform the giant Shell if it was badly damaged.

...But it did not matter.

Sunny possessed an Aspect that possessed many strengths, but its greatest one by far was its versatility. Even bound by so many restrictions, he still had a sea of tactics to choose from, and a rich treasure of devious tricks to employ.

That was what made him so dangerous.

Sunny pushed away the golden crescent, making the bestial giant stagger back. With his left hand now free, he struck down, delivering a terrifying blow to one of the canine heads that were trying to mangle his leg.

The blow did not quite crack the creature's skull, but Ceres was definitely dazed and in pain... well, at least a third of her was dazed and in pain. 

A torrent of blood flowed from one of her crushing maws, and her hold on his thigh grew weak.

Using the chance, Sunny grabbed the hill-sized canine by the scruff of her neck. At the same time, he dismissed several elements of the Onyx Mantle, thus escaping from her remaining two sets of terrifying fangs.

Suddenly, Ceres was being pulled into the air, her pillar-like paws losing contact with the ground.

Deep within the Shadow Colossus Shell, Sunny smiled coldly.

And then, he hoisted the three-headed canine up with one hand, placing her enormous body between himself and the two incoming projectiles at the last moment.




***
Chapter 2010: Heavy Hand of Shadow


***






All of it took no more than heartbeat. 

Sunny knew that Clan Song had a vast arsenal of powerful Memories – some of them even of the Supreme Rank, without a doubt. After all, even if Nephis was right and the Spell created those far more parsimoniously than the Memories of the lower Ranks, Ki Song had been a Sovereign for decades.

Seven of her daughters were also Saints, and he knew from personal experience that at least some of them were more than capable of slaying Great Nightmare Creatures with ease.

So, he had expected something extraordinary to happen when Silent Stalker's arrow and Beastmaster's bone projectile struck Ceres.

However, he was both disappointed and a little relieved to have been mistaken.

Because nothing happened, instead.

His enemies were far too outstanding to wound one of their own so foolishly. Even though there was only a split second to react, both Beastmaster and Silent Stalker managed to dismiss their Memories in time, so all that hit the enormous canine were two swirling streams of radiant sparks.

So, Sunny did not hesitate to continue with the momentum of lifting her up... and slammed Ceres into the ground with all his dreadful might.

The battlefield quaked, and a pitiful whine escaped from all three of her bestial mouths.

At the same time, Lonesome Howl jerked her head sideways, tearing off his right arm with one powerful motion. A river of shadows flowed from the stump, pouring down like a dark waterfall.

‘Ah…’

And the obsidian jackal had already recovered by then, bringing his golden polearm down once more.

Only, this time, Sunny had no time to dodge it, and no opportunity to block its descent.

So, he did not.

A moment before the crescent blade cleaved the Shadow Colossus apart... it simply fell apart on its own.

His onyx armor parted, and the inky-black body beneath parted, as well. For a few moments, there was a wide chasm separating the right side of the Shell from its left side.

The polearm plummeted through this chasm, not dealing Sunny any damage.

And the Shadow Shell simply mended itself as soon as the golden blade passed.

By the time it plunged into the crimson haze and crashed into the surface of the ancient bone with a deafening thunderclap, the Shadow Colossus was as good as new.

Well... it was still missing a hand. But otherwise, his body was whole and undamaged.

‘...Finally.’

Sunny had always been a bit envious because of failing to learn how to perform this trick. Fiend had used it against him all the way back in Antarctica, after all, but despite having slain him there, Sunny – the vengeful imp's new master – never managed to figure out how to partially turn his body into an incorporeal shadow himself.

Granted, this time, he had not just turned a part of his Shell intangible – he went a step ahead and created a physical breach in it. Otherwise, there would have been little sense in doing it at all.

Sunny possessed plenty of ways to cut intangible enemies, and the Saints of Song would have their own ways, as well.

Regardless...

Now, finally, Sunny could do what he had wanted to do from the very start.

The Jackal had not expected that his weapon would meet no resistance at all, so he had put a lot of force into his strike. As a result, his balance was broken, and he wasted a moment too many trying to regain it.

So, Sunny punched him in the snout with all the might he had.

The force of the impact was so fierce that there was actually a blinding flash. A moment later, the bestial giant toppled and fell in the thunderous boom of a violent thunderclap, causing the entire battlefield to tremble.

A few of his fangs rattled on the ancient bone, each large enough to crush several humans.

Sunny felt amused at the sight of them.

‘I wonder if those will remain after he transforms back into a human…’

The first exchange was over, and it was Sunny's resounding win.

His Shell did lose a hand, but that was of no significance. Meanwhile, Ceres was seriously wounded, and the Jackal had received a terrible blow. Silent Stalker and Beastmaster had wasted their first, most important volley – it would take them a while to summon the powerful Memories back, and in a battle of Saints, those precious seconds could very well feel like an eternity.

However, the battle was only getting started.

And by the second exchange, Siord and the Saint of Sorrow would be joining the fray too.

Sunny was already suffering from not having enough hands to contend against all his foes. With two more added enemies into the mix, his numerical disadvantage was going to grow more dire, and would thus bring him closer to being overwhelmed.

‘What to do, what to do…’

He considered doing something drastic for a moment.

Sunny had been patiently hiding the fact that he could manifest several bodies all this time, but now, he was considering if it was even worth it to continue the charade. It did seem like a perfect solution to his current predicament, as well as the last straw that could break the camel's back, thus helping him turn the tide of the entire battle.

…Whatever the hell a camel was.

It must have been quite a weird animal, considering that its back could be broken by a straw.

‘Probably some invertebrate?’

However, in the end, Sunny kept his shadows wrapped tightly around his body.

Not because he didn't want to reveal his incarnations to the world, but simply because he couldn't.

At the moment, he had not experienced the most dreadful weapon his enemies had in store – Beastmaster's terrifying ability to manipulate one's mind.

The Onyx Mantle granted Sunny a high resistance to mental attacks, but he wasn't confident in resisting the tantalizing Saint with just that, or at least not entirely.

So, he needed the shadows to augment him – and the [Stalwart] trait of the Mantle – for as long as Beastmaster remained a threat.

And speaking of her...

Just as Sunny shifted his weight, preparing to repel another of Lonesome Howl's ferocious attacks, he suddenly felt it.

A powerful, insidious, and enthralling power invading his mind.

It felt muted and distant, as if weakened by a stalwart barrier, but still mesmerizing.

His limbs grew heavy all of a sudden.

‘...Crap.’ 

As Sunny staggered, the monstrous wolf lunged at him like a tide of darkness and bestial fury.

At the same time, two swift shadows fell on him from the blinding sky.

And an arrow whistled through the air, aimed precisely at the point where his own shadow was hidden in the depths of the colossal Shell.

‘I... really... hate mind attacks the most…’




***
Chapter 2011: Transcendent Battlefield


***






Sunny felt his limbs grow heavy, and his mind grow numb.

Suddenly, he felt worn down and exhausted. Every burden that he carried, enduring the oppressive weight both willingly and silently, was suddenly so much more grievous and tiresome. 

This war went on for so long... and even before the war, he had never known a moment of peace. Having grown accustomed to torment and turmoil, Sunny had easily deceived himself into forgetting how dreadful the world truly was. But now, he felt it in his every bone all of a sudden.

At the same time...

A peculiar feeling bloomed in his mind.

A feeling of witnessing something infinitely beautiful, inviting, and wonderful. Something so wondrous, so amazing, and so... precious. It was as if a resplendent light had shone in the broken darkness of his mind, illuminating it gently and bringing tears to his eyes.

Enthralled by the beautiful radiance, Sunny found it hard and devoid of meaning to concentrate on anything, let alone move.

And yet, he did move.

Somewhere far away, Master Sunless was sitting in the darkness, weaving strings of shadow essence with six nimble hands. Looking up from his meditation, he frowned a little... and then drove the long needle through his hand, piercing it without a hint of hesitation.

A wave of sharp pain washed over his consciousness, making the enthralling light waver and dim a little.

Sunny's mental resistance was already strong enough, and the additional push of feeling pain pushed him the rest of the way.

Shaking off the hex, the Lord of Shadows moved, too.

The towering onyx colossus turned his torso. In the next moment, Silent Stalker's arrow tore through the breastplate of his armor, pierced his body, and exploded from his back in a torrent of dissolving shadows.

If he had been a split second late, that arrow would have pierced his very soul instead of simply damaging the Shell.

‘What a nice arrow…’

For a moment, Sunny felt aggrieved at having to live in a world where weapons were always more powerful than armor, and destruction was always easier to perpetrate than building something up.

No, but why was everyone trying to drive an arrow through his heart these days?

Staggering back, Sunny raised his maimed arm to prevent Lonesome Howl from tearing his throat open, activated Shadow Manifestation, and poured a little essence into the Extraordinary Rock, which lay nestled in the neck of the Shadow Colossus.

He barely survived the twin attack of the two winged Saints – which nearly tore off the head of his Shell – and then looked at his enemies silently.

In the next moment…

A low, deafening, chilling laughter resounded from behind the Weaver's Mask.

If Saint Jest had heard it, he would have been proud.

***

Somewhere not too far away, Rain dragged Tamar to the where the battered warriors of the Seventh Legion had made a temporary camp the day before. Everywhere she looked, pale-faced warriors were resting on the ground, too rattled and exhausted to move.

The wounded were treated hurriedly in the field hospital, and she noticed Fleur tending to a man who was missing his leg. Ray was nearby, holding the soldier down.

The two of them were thankfully alive.

The battle was not over, but many of the soldiers had chosen to dismiss their armor, finally finding reprieve from the terrible heat. Some were staring down or covering their faces, trying to hide from the constant, harsh radiance of the overcast sky.

Most of them, however, were looking back to where they came, terrified and enthralled by the titanic battle that was taking place behind them.

Rain helped Tamar sit down and turned to look back, as well.

His heart skipped a beat.

Both of them had heard the deafening thunder and felt the ground shaking while retreating. But it was only now that she witnessed the awesome devastation that had been unleashed by the clashing Saints.

It was...

As if the world was ending.

Rain and Tamar watched the calamity silently.

The camp of the Song Army was far enough that they were safe from the terrible shockwaves and destructive powers of the fighting demigods, which also meant that they could not discern much.

Still, she could vaguely see massive, monstrous silhouettes moving in the scorching haze.

There was a swath of the battlefield awash in white radiance. That was where Changing Star was fighting, without a doubt. There was also...

“Look!”

Tamar's voice was hoarse and heavy.

Following her finger, Rain looked to the right and froze.

The young Legacy inhaled sharply.

“That... that is the Lord of Shadows.”

Indeed, it was him... Rain's mischievous older brother.

Only, right now, he did not look anything like his usual self.

Instead, an onyx colossus in fearsome armor towered above the plain, besieged by three bestial figures. His movements seemed deceptively slow from the distance, but it was terrifying to see how easily he shrugged off the attacks of a cohort of Saints, resisting them all with a strange, frightening, and eerie grace.

‘D-damn…’

The fury of that particular fight was harrowing enough to make everyone looking in that direction shiver in fright. A mere Awakened would have been reduced to bloody hazy by simply being in the vicinity of the unholy clash.

This was the power of Saints.

Or... of this particular Saint, at least.

Still. He was already missing a hand, his right arm a mangled mess of darkness. His breastplate was pierced, and the enemies were only growing more vicious as the fight continued.

Rain suddenly felt something that she had never felt before...

She was worried about her teacher.

After lingering for a moment, she asked tentatively:

[Are... are you going to be alright?] 

His voice resounded in her mind a few moments later, sounding as aloof and nonchalant as ever despite the dreadful battle in the distance.

[Who, me? Oh... I'm really touched that you worry about me, but don't fret. I'll be fine.]

There was a moment of silence, and then, he added in a more ominous tone:

[You should definitely be worried about the other guys, though…]




***
Chapter 2012: Hint of Fear


***






The Lord of Shadows was faltering.

It was hard to notice due to his fearsome appearance and the aura of cold arrogance emanating from the strangely graceful figure of the tenebrous colossus, but the mercenary Saint was losing ground.

Already, his right hand was missing. 

Silent Stalker's arrow had pierced his onyx chest, and Beastmaster had poisoned his mind. Of course, the Lord of Shadows was too strong to be entranced by her power quickly... but his movements had slowed down, losing some of their deadly precision.

Lonesome Howl could see it clearly, so she went for the kill.

...If that strange Transcendent form of his could even be killed like a living being. It bled darkness instead of blood, and was capable of splitting itself in half to avoid a blow. She had never seen anything like it.

Of course, that was entirely the problem with the Lord of Shadows – no one seemed to know anything about him, including the true extent of his abilities.

Clan Song had compiled an extensive database on all the living Saints - Clan Valor had as well, without a doubt. There were some secrets still kept hidden by the more cautious of the Transcendent champions, of course, but each of them was mostly a known existence.

Except for the Lord of Shadows, who had come out of nowhere about a year ago.

There was some information about him now, of course, gathered during the war. For example, they knew that his Transcendent form was not really that of an onyx giant rather, it was a malleable mass of shadows that could seemingly take any form, the giant simply being the most common one he used.

A troublesome Transformation, to say the least...

But not an indestructible one.

‘He might not bleed, but does he feel pain?’

Lonesome Howl was eager to find out.

The Lord of Shadows was on the back foot, staggered by her sister's sharp arrow. Sadly, Silence failed to destroy the supposed core of the dark colossus, but she still made him sway.

That was Howl's chance to press the advantage.

Spitting out the torn hand of the enemy, she aimed for his throat and leaped...

However, she never managed to sink her fangs into his flesh.

‘Wha…’

Suddenly, she felt something cold and alien wrapping around her snout, and then, her vision was obscured. Instead of ripping the enemy's throat open, Lonesome Howl crashed into something hard, and was then unceremoniously tossed aside.

Falling to the ground with a thunderous boom, she rolled and clawed at her face, trying to get the slithering presence off... before her eyes were pierced and destroyed.

Thank the gods, she managed.

With her vision blurry, Lonesome Howl looked down and recoiled.

A mass of dark tentacles had latched onto her neck, just below the jaw, three of them strangling her while four more extended to wrap themselves around her snout and loop around her head, thus covering her eyes.

At the center of the mass... the broken plates of polished armor could still be seen, serving as the source of the revolting creature.

The gauntlet.

This vile thing had been born from the severed hand of the Lord of Shadows, and was either an extension of him or being controlled by him.

‘What... what the hell is he…’

She had hunted down and feasted on numerous Nightmare Creatures. But this... this was not something she had expected from a human...

If the Lord of Shadows even was a human.

Shuddering, Lonesome Howl allowed herself a split second of hesitation to figure out how to get rid of the seven dark tentacles and their source. Sadly, while her Transcendent form was both swift and powerful, it lacked opposable thumbs and nimble arms – so, she could not even reach it.

None of the Aspect Abilities would be of use, either.

Of course, there were plenty of ways to try and damage the... the thing... but Lonesome Howl chose the simplest method to break free.

She dismissed her Transcendent Ability and turned back into a human.

A moment later, she was laying on the ground.

And a moment after that, the remains of the onyx gauntlet and the wriggling mass of shadows growing from within it crashed into the ground several meters away, towering above her like a hill.

Growling, Lonesome Howl lunged forward and pierced the heart of the dark mass like a cannonball, ripping the vile creature apart with her bare hands.

It offered little resistance, dissolving into a torrent of darkness and breaking apart under her violent assault. The onyx shards rained onto the blood-soaked surface of the ancient bone with a deafening noise.

Landing gracefully on the ground dozens of meters away, Lonesome Howl fell on all fours and activated her Transcendent Ability once again.

At the same time, she threw a glance at the Lord of Shadows... and shivered.

Out there, in front of her, Siord and the Saint of Sorrow finally delivered their first attack.

Plummeting from a great height as great a height as was safe to ascend to here in Godgrave - both delivered terrible blows, which were assisted both by their tremendous acceleration and gravity.

Siord tossed a bronze javelin down, while the Saint of Sorrow simply used his stone body as a missile.

It was as though the Lord of Shadows had known of their attack in advance. Even slowed down by Bin's mind attack, he moved his towering body just far enough to avoid the mighty gargoyle, as if performing a step of a dance.

As for the javelin...

He simply raised his face to the sky, allowing that dreadful mask of his to receive the blow of the javelin.

There was a flash, and then a devastating roll of thunder. For a moment, it seemed as if the entire world was drowned out by pure whiteness, and as a violent tremor ran through the battlefield, a pillar of flame rose into the sky.

When the flash subsided, though...

The polished black surface of the wooden mask was whole and unblemished, without even a scratch on it, as if it was far more durable than even the fearsome onyx armor the mercenary Saint wore...

And Lonesome Howl could attest that it was one of the most resilient Memories she had ever seen. After all, she pierced it with her own fangs... nothing had been able to survive her bite before, but the onyx armor nearly did.

Her transformation was complete.

Ceres had already picked herself up from the ground, blood flowing from her three mouths.

Jack was already on his feet again, wrath and resentment smoldering in his bestial eyes.

They were all ready to attack again...

Bin, Silence, Jack, Ceres, Siord, Sorrow, and Howl herself.

Both sides had sustained some damage, but they were burning with the desire to continue.

Lonesome Howl let out a threatening growl.

‘How are you going to fight seven of us with one arm, sellsword?’

And as she looked up...

A low, reverberating, chilling laughter resounded from beneath the terrifying black mask.

Then, it turned even lower, resembling the voice of an actual demon.

The figure of the beautiful onyx colossus suddenly shrunk a little, becoming a few meters lower.

At the same time, it changed, shifting into something far more bestial.

Black horns rose from his head like a crown, glistening darkly in the blinding light of the radiant sky. A long tail with an onyx spike on its end whipped through the air. His knee joints seemed to reverse, and his feet grew, enormous claws scratching against the ancient bone.

Most importantly of all...

His severed hand seemed to regrow, and two more arms shot from his torso, each covered by the onyx carapace of the enchanted armor and ending with sharp claws.

A few moments later, a towering, terrifying dark demon was standing on the battlefield instead of a colossal human warrior…

One with six horns and four arms, the eerie mask hiding his inhuman features.

Looking at it, Lonesome Howl felt a bit of... unease.

Dejection, even. 

And a tiny spark of fear.

‘How... how do we even destroy this thing?’




***
Chapter 2013:  Devil and the Seven Saints


***






‘This is much better…’

Towering above the battlefield as the giant version of the Shadowspawn Shell, Sunny smiled darkly in the embrace of shadows.

His human body was still the most natural, and therefore the most effective form he could summon – in most battles, at least. But when he was outnumbered, the special traits of the Shadowspawn Shell truly shone.

Sunny had been pressed to contend against the seven Saints of Song, but now, his task was easier. He could keep his enemies at bay better with his four hands, sharp claws, and long tail.

His only regret was that Weaver's Mask prevented him from using his sharp fangs, too.

‘Let us continue, then…’ 

The Saints of Song renewed their assault, and Sunny lunged forward to face them.

The world became consumed by an unending cannonade of roaring thunderclaps, blinding flashes, and violent quakes. Clouds of dust and debris rose into the air, and gargantuan figures moved within them, clashing with terrifying and furious force.

Their calamitous confrontation seemed unimaginably ferocious and primal, devoid of all reason except for bloodlust and murderous frenzy... in fact, that was how most of the Awakened witnessing the battle probably saw it.

After all, in their minds, beings of such size and power were akin to dreadful Nightmare Creatures, and Nightmare Creatures were not known for their technique and meticulousness.

However, in truth, the furious battle was nothing but technical and meticulous. Yes, it was awesome and fierce. But behind the veil of frenzied determination and bestial might, every Saint fighting the Lord of Shadows was using their keen intellect, cold regard, and sophisticated battle art to fight and keep surviving the deadly cadence of the titanic clash.

Nothing less could suffice in this terrible battle, while power and refined control were only antithetical to each other in the hands of amateurs.

When true masters fought, fury and calculation served to augment each other, fusing to create a devastating and flawlessly precise storm of destruction.

...Needless to say, Sunny himself was no different. It was just that his insight, skill, and finesse were even more sublime and daunting.

The battle... was not in any way an easy one for him. In fact, it was the opposite – it was one of the most dire and dangerous battles he had experienced since conquering the Third Nightmare.

Yes, he was making it look easy, even going so far as to laugh in the face of the devastating onslaught of potentially fatal attacks. But it was mostly to mislead and intimidate his enemies, not because he was truly relaxed in the middle of this chilling confrontation and taking it easy.

In truth, Saints were still Saints, and there were three bearers of a divine lineage among his enemies right now. Each attack directed at him had the potential to heavily damage his Shell, or even rip his soul to shreds directly – especially considering that Silent Stalker seemed to somehow know exactly where to aim, and relayed that information to the rest of the Song Saints promptly.

Even when he shifted the location of his incarnation within the Shell, her attacks continued to follow it without error.

Sunny could probably withstand a blow or two, but his luck could just as easily run out. He was in the situation where one mistake could mean – would mean – death… once again.

It was a familiar and almost nostalgic feeling, and therefore, he already knew what he needed to do.

He simply did not allow himself to make mistakes.

There was one great advantage he had in that regard, as well as one great disadvantage.

His advantage was, of course, Shadow Dance. Sunny had already seen most of the seven Saints fight at one point or another. He had faced some of them at Vanishing Lake, and had observed the others during the Seventh Legion's dreadful march to the Collarbone Citadel.

So, it did not take him long to get the initial grasp of their battle arts. Armed with that knowledge, he was largely able to predict what they were going to do, even if the details of how they were going to go about it still remained murky for some of the seven Saints.

There was no need to say how knowing your enemy's next move was a boon in any battle, and especially a battle like this one, where he was forced to be on the defensive against a superior number of foes.

His disadvantage, meanwhile... was Beastmaster.

Not only did Sunny not know much about her, but her Aspect was also incredibly insidious. His mind was still burdened by her tantalizing influence, and although the hex had not managed to entrance him completely, it still served to slow and weaken him.

That was not the only power Beastmaster had unleashed, either. Her second one was perhaps even more diabolical.

Her Awakened Ability allowed the mesmerizing Saint to mislead one's senses, causing the bedevilled victim to experience all kinds of illusions... or rather, it would be more appropriate to call them hallucinations, since they only existed inside the victim's mind.

These illusions were chillingly lifelike and nearly indistinguishable from reality, affecting every sense at the same time. Sunny's formidable resistance against mental attacks still granted him a degree of protection, seemingly limiting what Beastmaster could make him believe – for example, she could not convince Sunny that Ki Song herself suddenly descended on the battlefield to kill him.

However, she could manipulate things that he already subconsciously believed were both possible and probable, creating phantom versions of herself and the other Saints of Song to confuse him.

At some point, Sunny could see Lonesome Howl lunging at him from the right, but at the same time, he saw an indistinguishable copy of her lunging at him from the left – both growling, making the ground shake, and raising powerful gales of hurricane wind with their passing. At another, he could see the towering Jackal attack him with a downward slash, while at the same time performing a horizontal swipe.

The hallucinations were faithful enough to make him feel pain when the illusory enemies wounded him. More than that, Beastmaster's skill was even refined enough to recreate the mystical presence that Saints usually emanated.

Luckily...

They had one telling flaw.

Since she was constructing them consciously, the illusions could only possess traits that Beastmaster created consciously. And while she was a true artist as far as driving people mad went, she could only create what she knew.

Beastmaster knew how an illusion was supposed to look, smell, sound, feel, and taste, and she even knew how to falsify a Transcendent presence. However, she did not possess shadow sense, nor did she know that shadow sense existed.

For that reason, the shadows of the illusory enemies she sent to confuse Sunny were subtly inconsistent and wrong. They looked right, and even felt right as far as their shape and depth went. But they were not shadows that living beings cast – instead, they were all akin to shadows cast by inanimate objects.

So, Sunny had to ignore most of his senses and only rely on shadow sense to discern which enemies were real, and which ones were fake.

That allowed him to navigate the battle and survive the barrage of real attacks…

Sadly, it did not save him from the illusory pain.

And it hurt a lot. 

Slowed down and weakened, constantly confused between what was real and unreal, Sunny stubbornly persisted in his fight against the seven Saints of Song. He managed to push them back from time to time, even.

Still...

It was such a draining and unpleasant battle. Appalling, really.

He would much rather fight Revel again... or someone like King Daeron, even.

Gritting his teeth behind Weaver's Mask, Sunny briefly threw a glance in the direction where Beastmaster was standing, spinning her sling once again.

She was just as bewitching and breathtaking as ever.

...He really wanted to kill someone today.




***
Chapter 2014: Fateful Choice


***






Sunny was appalled.

He might have been the most honest man in two worlds, but he was definitely not the kindest. Subjected to the ceaseless barrage of lethal attacks and battered by the enemy, reeling from Beastmaster's mental manipulation and intoxicated by the thrill of battle, he felt bloodlust slowly bloom in his heart.

His combat instinct had been nurtured by countless battles against Nightmare Creatures, after all – not humans. So, he rarely had to wonder whether to kill the enemy or not. His instincts were telling him to show no mercy and slaughter the Saints of Song in the fastest and most brutal manner.

But at the same time…

He did not really want to, or have a reason to. On the contrary, Sunny's ultimate goal required these people to remain alive. They had important roles to play in the aftermath of the war, helping humanity endure and face the dire challenges that lay ahead. He needed to give these Saints a reason to see Nephis as a potential ally, not kill them.

Take Beastmaster, for example… 

Sure, she was insidious and chillingly powerful. But she was also the backbone of the entire Song Domain. Her thralls were currently besieging the Sword Saints on the battlefield, but in the time of peace, the same thralls were the foundation of the logistical infrastructure in the eastern reaches of the Dream Realm.

With her death, that infrastructure would be disrupted and set back by a decade. Delivering goods from the River of Tears to the inland cities would become many times harder, time-consuming, and dangerous. The same was true for large-scale construction.

So, no matter how frustrated and sickened Sunny felt because of having his mind played with, he ultimately wanted Song Eunbin to survive the battle.

The same went for the other six Saints that were trying to kill him with all their might - each and every one of them was a treasure that he could not really afford to lose. That alone made Sunny feel conflicted, making his reason and instincts clash with each other.

But also…

He was not even sure that he could afford to spare these people. Defeating an enemy while sparing them was much harder than simply killing the enemy, after all. And Sunny was barely managing to keep himself alive in this battle... mercy was a luxury that had a heavy price.

...It was strange.

This was not the first war Sunny had participated in, and definitely not his first battle. However, in the past, he had mostly experienced war from the point of view of a footsoldier. Even as an officer of the Evacuation Army, Sunny had only really needed to concern himself with achieving his objectives.

But now, he was powerful enough and influential enough to be one of the people responsible for setting the objectives. As such, his perspective of war had no choice but to change.

Because war wasn't simply something he had to survive anymore. Instead, it was also a tool to be used in order to attain what he desired.

‘How lofty…’

Something inside of him rebelled against the very idea. It was a cynical and revolting thing, to coldly and pragmatically seek benefit in the misery and deaths of countless people. Sunny felt as if he was becoming something that he hated the most.

Was this how the Sovereigns had started to lose their way, decades ago?

Would he become no different from those ghouls one day?

Surely, no…

But having experienced Master Orum's memories, Sunny knew that Ki Song and Anvil had not set out to become misguided tyrants, either.They had just lost their humanity, one little step at a time.

...Perhaps fortunately, he did not have much time to think.

All he had to do right now was fight.

***

Lonesome Howl... was appalled.

In front of her eyes, some of the strongest warriors of the Song Domain were being toyed with by an impossible monster. She, a fierce huntress who had risen from the very bottom of humanity to its very peak by braving a sea of blood and dread, was being toyed with

The Lord of Shadows was too powerful.

His demonic body was both human-like and bestial in nature. It was gruesomely flexible and moved with tremendous speed – sometimes upright, sometimes falling to all fours like a ferocious predator. It also possessed dire might, and was encased in a nearly impenetrable onyx shell..

It could leap great distances and pummel the ground with enough force to make the rest of them lose balance. From time to time, it shaped sharp weapons from the shadows, using them to wound or keep Howl and her companions at bay. Those weapons were deadly, but relatively easy to break... and they seem to require a source of shadows to be created.

But the mercenary Saint himself was a source of shadows.

With his four hands, clawed feet, and deceptively perilous tail, the dark demon was managing to fight against a superior number of enemies on almost equal ground. His combat technique was beautifully refined and supremely adaptable... a Transcendent Battle Art in its truest sense, and an ingenious one at that – something that was supposed to require the resources of an entire clan to create, but was nevertheless in the possession of a lone wolf Saint.

...Worse still, there was something uncanny about how the Lord of Shadows fought. It was as if he always knew what they would do in advance. No matter how unpredictably Lonesome Howls and the other Saints attacked, no matter how flawless and instant their cooperation was, he was always ready to dodge, deflect, and block their blows.

And then punish them.

Even Beastmaster, her sister, seemed powerless to stop the infernal creature. Sure, her Aspect seemed to slow him down somewhat and sap his power, but not nearly enough to bring the Lord of Shadows to his knees.

However... worst of all was the fact that even when they succeeded, shattering his armor and dealing grievous wounds to his towering body...

Those wounds simply healed, and the enemy acted as if nothing had happened.

It was as if he was immortal, while Lonesome Howl herself was already battered and in agony, her black fur soaked with blood.

Her companions were the same.

It was truly... astounding.

They were Saints. And she was not just any Saint, at that – she was a princess of the Song Domain. The blood of Beast God flowed in her veins. She had hunted numerous powerful abominations, conquered three Nightmares, and honed her mind and skill to forge them into a deadly weapon.

The rest of them were the same.

And yet, seven Saints were barely managing to contend against a completely unknown warrior – thirteen Saints, really, if she counted her brothers and sisters who were fighting his strange Echoes.

And that warrior was neither a scion of the Great Clan Valor nor a loyal vassal of the King of Swords. Instead, he was a mere mercenary that Changing Star had convinced to offer his services to her father's Domain

Another monster, akin to Changing Star herself and the Prince of Nothing.

And speaking of the Prince of Nothing...

Lonesome Howl growled as she threw her battered body into another lunge.

If only that bastard had handled the negotiations with Lord of Shadows better!

If only he had not failed to lure the hermit Saint to the cause of Song... then their Domain might have won the war, already.

How ironic it was, that the war to decide the fate of two worlds – the Realm War – could have been decided by the choice of a single man.

Lonesome Howl managed to distract the Lord of Shadows just long enough for Jack to strike his side with the crescent blade.

The onyx armor parted, and the inky flesh beneath was torn to shreds. A tide of darkness flowed from the terrible wound to the surface of the ancient bone.

...Of course, the wound closed a few moments later.

However, this time, Lonesome Howl noticed something strange.

Why... did it seem that the onyx demon was not as tall and towering as he had been before?

She waited for the enemy to receive another wound, and then, the red flames burning in her eyes surged.

‘I... I see!’

There was no mistake.

Every time the Lord of Shadow healed a wound... the size of his Transcendent form diminished by a small amount.

Almost as if he was using the shadows constituting his enormous body to mend the damage.

Which meant...

That he was not truly immortal, and that his power wasn't truly endless.

It was in limited supply, as well.

Lonesome Howl bared her fangs. 

That... she could work with that...




***
Chapter 2015: Heir of Death


***






As the battle continued, Sunny felt the pressure mounting.

His towering Shell moved like a hurricane, endlessly besieged by the seven Saints. Lonesome Howl, Saint Ceres, and the Jackal led the harrowing onslaught, never faltering or slowing down. The beautiful harpy, Siord, and the Saint of Sorrow alternated between circling above him and diving down to deliver devastating blows.

Their presence was especially oppressive, because it added an entire new plane to the battle. Even when the winged Saints were not plummeting from the blinding radiance of the sky to attack Sunny, the mere fact that they were somewhere above stifled his movements.

There were Silent Stalker and Beastmaster, as well. 

The former was a deadly threat due to how relentless and penetrating her arrows were. She was eerily accurate and elusive, too, never allowing him to get close.

The latter was the source of great hardship. Not only was she controlling countless Nightmare Creatures to tip the balance of the Transcendent battle in favor of the Song Domain, but she was also subjecting Sunny to two different types of mental manipulation at the same time. There was her sling and its explosive shots to deal with, as well.

Sunny's power was slowly dwindling.

He could not allow himself to use the Shadow Lantern – not even because he was wary of the deadly arrows flying out of its stone gate, but because he was wary of the mysterious archer escaping the Shadow Realm.

Who knew what that creature was, and what havoc it would cause once unleashed upon humanity? Skinwalker was already bad enough, and Sunny did not wish to be responsible for letting another ancient fiend loose in human settlements.

Without the Shadow Lantern, though, his source element was feeble and scarce in this radiant land. He had already used most of the shadows around him to construct the Shadow Shell. Now, with every blow it received, the Shell was consuming itself to repair the damage.

It wasn't going to last much longer... unless he managed to diminish the number of his enemies soon.

But Sunny was still hesitating, unsure if he was willing to kill Saints.

In the end, however... the choice was made for him.

It was shortly after he leaped over the three-headed canine and crouched, using her massive body as a shield against Silent Stalker's arrows.

His tail shot back, piercing her thigh, two of his hands swatted the harpy and the gargoyle away, while a third picked up the corpse of a lumbering Nightmare Creature – one of Bestmaster's thralls who had been slain in the battle between the great armies – and tossed it forward like a cannonball.

The corpse exploded into a geyser of crimson liquid as it hit the Jackal a split second later, cracking a few of his ribs and sending the obsidian giant reeling.

The plan was to follow the toss with another leap, fall upon the staggered Saint, and maim him before Lonesome Howl could slam into Sunny from the side to aid her comrade.

However, just before that...

Sunny sensed a trickle of power flow into his soul.

‘A... shadow fragment?’

He froze for a split second, knowing what it meant.

Sunny could put himself in mortal danger in order to attempt to preserve the lives of his enemies... but he couldn't, in good conscience, force his Shadows to do the same.

Somewhere out there, either Saint or Serpent had killed one of their opponents.

Which meant that he already failed.

Transcendent blood had already spilled by his hand, making him not only complicit, but also a hypocrite.

He had managed to keep his hands clean of human blood in this war for too long, already.

Others lacked this privilege, so why would he be any different?

...Sunny only halted for a fraction of a moment, but that moment of hesitation cost him dearly.

He wasn't fast enough to avoid Lonesome Howl, who landed on his back and tore into his shoulder.

And because of being burdened by her immense weight, he wasn't fast enough to dodge Silent Stalker's arrow, either – she had already lept to circumvent Ceres, letting go of the string midair.

The arrow slid into a breach in the Onyx Mantle, pierced his Shell, and sliced his own shadow deep within it.

As his soul was being cut, a familiar, terrible agony blinded Sunny.

Lonesome Howl tore into his shoulder with ferocious power, then jerked her head violently, ripping his entire arm off.

‘Ah…’

It was ironic, really.

Sunny had been mentally chastising Rain for hesitating to kill the enemy just a short while ago. And yet, here he was, suffering for doing the same…

The Jackal had already recovered, lunging forward to bring his golden blade down. That polearm of his was a Transcendent Memory of the Seventh Tier... and Aspect Legacy, perhaps. Having already been cut by it a few times, Sunny knew how terrible and inescapable its power was.

But those had only been shallow wounds.

A full-power strike could very well be fatal, even for someone like him.

Time seemed to slow down.

And as it did, the turmoil in Sunny's mind was alleviated.

He was suddenly very calm…

And full of cold, indifferent resolve.

Sunny was crouching on the ground, with Lonesome Howl standing on his back. She had just torn off his upper arm, having used all her strength to do so... therefore, she was still being pulled away from him by inertia.

Her balance wasn't steady.

Sunny went with the momentum and rolled sideways, throwing the monstrous she-wolf down and crushing her with his tremendous weight. The crescent blade whistled past and hit the surface of the ancient bone with a thunderous boom and a powerful shockwave.

Rolling over Lonesome Howl, Sunny was on his fours a moment later. Without wasting even a second, he launched himself into the air, flying at the towering Jackal with tremendous speed.

The obsidian Saint was still leaning forward, grasping the shaft of his golden polearm with both hands. His side was open and defenseless.

Ceres was already lunging into an attack, and two winged Saints were diving down to deliver devastating blows.

Beastmaster sent a swarm of illusions to slow him down.

But Sunny simply ignored them.

The Jackal belatedly shifted his gaze from where Sunny was a moment ago to where Sunny was now. He let go of his polearm with one hand, moving it down to protect his side.

So...

Sunny used one of his three remaining hands to push himself off the ground, and went for the enemy's throat instead.

His onyx claws slashed across it like four enormous blades, leaving thin cuts behind.

A moment later, four tremendous torrents of blood exploded out of the cuts, falling down like a crimson tide.

The towering obsidian jackal staggered, then swayed...

And toppled silently to the ground, making it quake with the heavy impact of his fall.

His throat had been cut, and his spine had been severed. 

He was dead.




***
Chapter 2016: Fallen Saints


***






As the enormous body of the obsidian giant toppled to the ground, Sunny was already moving away to avoid the retaliation by the remaining six Saints.

Still dazed by the agony of receiving a soul wound, he ground his teeth and whispered something to himself quietly.

Just a few words... 

‘You have slain a Transcendent Beast’

His shadow grew stronger.

...The words tasted bitter.

Almost at the same time, there was another trickle of subtle power entering his soul.

Saint and Serpent had claimed one more life.

And just like that, in less than a minute, three human Saints had lost their lives.

‘Damn it!’

The fury of the Saints of Song descended upon him like a hurricane. Another arrow found its way into his Shell, shattering its internal structure. A slingshot hit him like a cannonball, exploding with a devastating roar and mangling his entire left side.

Still missing an entire arm and reeling from the pain of his soul being cut, Sunny stumbled.

He righted himself before the giant wolf and the three-headed hound tore into him with their fangs, though. Moving with uncanny foresight, he dodged their feral, but chillingly precise attacks and dashed back.

His mangled side healed. A new arm emerged from the depths of his towering onyx body...

Only that body was not that towering anymore. In fact, it was barely half as tall as it had been once. Which made aiming for his real incarnation much easier.

But that was fine.

Because for once, time was on Sunny's side – he just had to survive long enough to rip the benefits.

The Saints of Song did not know it... most likely... but he was a Transcendent Terror. Which meant that his reserves of essence were six times deeper than those of his enemies.

Of course, his Aspect was also much more potent – so, usually, Sunny drained his essence at a speed that would make most Saints feel appalled, therefore suffering from having to ration it just as much as everyone else, if not more.

However, not in this battle. With his ability to use Shadow Step stifled by the shattering of space, and his ability to use Shadow Manifestation limited by the lacking number of shadows present on the battlefield, Sunny was not burning through nearly as much essence as he usually did. He only had to maintain and move the Shadow Shell.

But his enemies were in a different situation... especially those who had assumed their Transcendent forms.

So, even though Sunny's Shell was slowly shrinking, their reserves of essence were also diminishing.

Soon, they would have to release their Transformations and return to being human – but he would still be flush with essence at that time, thus gaining a great advantage.

Sunny just had to endure the battle until then.

Doing so while facing six enemies instead of seven was not easy, but it was at least doable.

It would be much better if there were only five, though...

Sunny quickly evaluated the battlefield.

Which one was he going to take out next?

But it was not really up to him. It was up to his enemies.

The first Saint that made a mistake that their allies failed to cover for would be Sunny's next victim.

The battle continued... it was supposed to slow down now that all of them were suffering from wounds and fatigue, having expended oceans of essence, but instead, it only grew more fierce.

Sunny had abandoned all reservations, while the Saints of Song were set aflame by the death of their comrade.

They were skilled, they were valiant, and they were fierce.

And yet, the six of them were still unable to bring the single enemy down...

Because their enemy was the Lord of Shadows.

The barrage of attacks continued, and Sunny continued to dodge, deflect, and block them. Now that his Shell was smaller and carried less mass, it was becoming more difficult for him to withstand the dire power of Lonesome Howl and the primal ferocity of Saint Ceres.

At the same time, he was harder to pin down or target with ranged attacks... most importantly, though, there was one less enemy for him to contend against.

The Jackal had been the most massive of the seven Saints, and had wielded a long polearm to boot. His absence on the battlefield was a real boon, making it much easier for Sunny to move.

...Of course, the body of the slain Saint was already rising from the ground, turning its hollow eyes in Sunny's direction. But both his gigantic form and his crescent blade were gone... now, he was merely a Transcendent puppet of the Raven Queen.

Powerful, but not nearly as dangerous as the man himself had been.

Sunny destroyed the puppet easily, letting it drown in the storm of devastation summoned by the clash of Saints.

And just after that, his patience paid off. He received an opportunity to take out another enemy.

However, this one was an enemy Sunny felt most reluctant to kill.

The Saint of Sorrow…

The stone gargoyle had misjudged his increased speed, missing the attack by a few meters. In and of itself, it was not that lethal of a mistake... however, both Lonesome Howl and Ceres were recovering their balance after performing devastating lunges, while Silent Stalker and Beastmaster were moving to get a better shot at the lightning-fast onyx demon.

Even Siord, the gargoyle's partner, was a step behind and too far to do anything instantly.

Which gave Sunny a perfect opportunity to catch the Saint of Sorrow in his fist... he had four of those, after all.

And once the gargoyle was caught, his stone body could be destroyed in a hundred different ways.

But the Saint of Sorrow... was Tamar's father.

Could Sunny really kill the father of his sister's closest friend?

He had already decided to be merciless, after all...

However, he also spent quite some time with Rain's cohort... he had even saved their lives after the winter solstice. These kids weren't strangers to him, either – not by a long shot. He was quite fond of them.

And although Sunny did not really know the Saint of Sorrow, the man enjoyed some of that fondness simply for having raised Tamar into who she was – an upright, loyal, and frustratingly serious young woman who had once jumped into a dark abyss to save the life of a simple porter.

Most importantly of all, hurting Tamar would hurt Rain.

And that weighed on Sunny heavier than the need to preserve the lives of the Saints for the benefit of humanity.

He allowed himself a split second of hesitation…

And then, he lashed out with one of his hands.

Instead of catching the gargoyle in an iron grip, he batted him down.

The blow itself was terrible enough for a net of cracks to appear on the stone body of the Saint of Sorrow, shattering his wings. And a moment later, the gargoyle crashed into the ancient bone with terrible force, causing a small shockwave to roll outward from the point of impact.

The enemy would not be rising from the ground any time soon... but although his wounds were severe, he would live.

Sunny did not spare the Saint of Sorrow out of pure sentiment, though.

Definitely not. 

He just didn't want to bother destroying the tough stone body of the gargoyle completely, and by sparing the enemy Saint, he would not have to deal with another puppet of the Queen of Worms a few seconds later.

In any case, it was done.

Now, only five enemies remained.

And Sunny already knew which one he would target next.

He turned slightly and let out a growl…

By then, his gaze had already locked on the bewitching figure of Beastmaster.




***
Chapter 2017: A Proper Backstab


***






Sunny knew that what stood between him and victory was Beastmaster.

She alone was the cause of most of his hardship in this calamitous battle. The enchantress was neither as ferocious as Lonesome Howl nor as perilous as Silent Stalker - in fact, in comparison, she was not much of a warrior. She was still a Saint, of course, and thus a deadly fighter. But one that was weaker than the rest of them in combat. 

And yet, her power was the most terrifying.

Even Sunny was far from his usual self, despite his formidable mental fortitude. He was slower and weaker, barely managing to contend with the furious onslaught of attacks by the seven... five Saints, now.

All across the battlefield, devastating forces were being unleashed, and Transcendent blood was being spilled. Most of these warriors – the strength and pride of humanity – were faring worse than Sunny.

But he wasn't doing so well, either.

So, he had to eliminate Beastmaster soon.

The problem was that his enemies knew how important she was, too.

They never let him get close to her.

The enchantress herself moved around the battlefield with graceful steps, always remaining out of his reach. The other four Saints were like an impenetrable wall separating the two of them – no matter how dire their own situation was, they always made sure to guard the approach to Beastmaster well.

If Sunny dared to make her his target, he would have to sacrifice a lot to break through that wall. And by the time he reached where Beastmaster had been, she would have already moved away.

It was a stalemate.

But Sunny believed in his resourcefulness more than he despaired at the sight of the five enraged Saints.

He would have been quite happy if they had at least lost some of their discernment due to the rage... but his enemies remained in full control of themselves. It was worse than that, even.

They seem to be adapting to his ability to predict their movements. It was happening slowly, but undeniably – the Saints of Song were deconstructing the foundation of their battle strategy and assembling a new one on the fly.

The longer the battle dragged on, the more often Sunny found himself in situations where even knowing what the enemy would do could not save him from being harmed.

They simply built their assaults in a way that left him no way to escape. With five sources of peril, it was not too difficult to build a cage that Sunny could not break out of despite knowing where it bars were and would be.

His Shell continued to shrink, growing smaller faster and faster.

At the same time, the essence of the enemy Saints continued to dwindle.

And at some point…

The beautiful harpy let out a loud call and plummeted from the sky. This time, however, it was not to deliver a deadly attack or add momentum to one of her destructive javelins – instead, she landed on the battlefield in a whirlwind of wings and talons, and turned into an alluring woman a moment later.

Sadly, Sunny did not receive a chance to attack her in the short period of vulnerability caused by the transition... because he was paying for opening himself to an enemy attack, too.

His Shell was in rough shape, and he had stopped mending the damage dealt to it not long before – if he had continued, Lonesome Howl and Ceres would actually gain an advantage over him in terms of mass.

He had successfully pushed the three-headed canine back and sacrificed a piece of flesh to deliver the monstrous she-wolf another shallow cut. By now, her fur was just as much red as it was black, but the feral princess did not seem to have lost any of her dire power... the opposite, in fact.

Sunny failed to disengage fast enough, which left him open for a split second too long.

And in that split second, Silent Stalker's arrow hit him straight in the chest.

The internal frame of the Shadowspawn Shell had already been severely damaged, and this last blow seemed like the last drop.

The entire torso of the onyx demon exploded, turning into a wave of shadows. The shadows fell to the ground like black smoke, dissolving into nothingness. Behind the river of dissipating darkness, what remained of the fearsome creature crumbled, as well.

Leaving only a battered human figure laying on the ground.

Sunny grimaced, then rolled, dodging another arrow, and jumped to his feet.

The illusory pain that had been searing his mind was suddenly more unbearable. The tranquil presence blooming in his heart was suddenly more breathtaking, making it harder to resist its tender call.

‘Argh... dammit…’

His armor was cracked and broken, and his stance was hunched.

Nevertheless, he... the Lord of Shadows... did not look any less fearsome in his battered state.

If anything, he looked more dangerous than ever, like a beast who had been backed into a corner.

The enemies surrounded him, ready to attack. Now that Sunny was back to human form, he had to crane his neck to look at the giant figures of Lonesome Howl and Ceres... from this point of view, the two towering beasts looked quite terrifying.

The harpy, Siord, was ready to join the melee in her human form, too.

Somewhere behind him, Silent Stalker was drawing her bow.

And somewhere in front of him, behind the wall of three deadly Saints, Beastmaster was spinning her sling in the distance.

Things... did not look good for Sunny.

He grinned behind Weaver's Mask.

And spoke with a hint of cold contempt in his elusive voice:

“Gods. This... was not part of the plan.”

Lonesome Howl growled and leaned forward, ready to lunge at him in a hurricane of fangs and primal fury.

But almost at the same time… 

A swift shadow that had stealthily fled when the Shadowspawn Shell turned into a tide of darkness finally reached its goal.

Another figure wearing the fearsome onyx armor rose from the shadows behind Beastmaster, not making any noise.

A moment later...

The cold blade of a black stiletto brushed against her neck, making the enchantress shiver.

She froze, unable to move.

And then, a cold voice resounded from behind her:

“I really can't believe... that I finally managed to do something like a proper assassin, for once in my goddamn life…”

With that, something slammed into the back of her head, and the world turned dark.




***
Chapter 2018: Death Incarnate


***






Sunny had figured out that taking out Beastmaster would not be easy, so he employed a bit of subterfuge.

Allowing his shrinking Shell to crumble sooner than it would have otherwise, he used the resulting tide of shadows to send one of his incarnations away unnoticed.

His strength diminished, and the pressure on his mind increased as the shadow fled – not enough to break him, but enough to make his sway.

He used the Lord of Shadows to draw the attention of Lonesome Howl, Silent Stalker, Ceres, and Siord – just enough for the stealthy incarnation to reach Beastmaster. Then, he emerged from the shadows, manifested a sharp stiletto, and pressed it against his neck.s

At this point... he was actually unsure what to do. 

Taking the beautiful enchantress hostage had seemed like a good idea before, but now that he was standing next to her, barely lucid under the assault of her Aspect, Sunny realized that she was far too dangerous to keep alive.

He hesitated for a moment, wanting to kill her, but knowing that her death would be too great of a loss. He really did not know what choice was the right one.

But there was no time to think, so he simply went with the option that was not irreversible.

If he really wanted to, he could always kill Beastmaster later. However, bringing her back from the dead seemed like a very troublesome task.

Pulling the blade of the stiletto away, he brought his heavy gauntlet down on the back of her head.

There was a heavy thud, and the bewitching Saint crumbled to the ground like a doll that had her strings cut.

Sunny looked at her with regret... then smiled naughtily behind his mask.

“...Look at that. Princess Beastmaster, groveling at my feet. Should I tell Rain?”

His smile did not linger for long, though. As it dimmed, he glanced in the direction of his haughty avatar.

Now, he just had to deal with the remaining four Saints.

***

Lonesome Howl could smell it...

Victory.

Today, victory smelled of blood, senseless death, and regret. But its smell was nevertheless sweet.

The damned monster had finally run out of essence. His towering Transcendent form steadily diminished in size... at first. Then, the speed at which it mended itself slowed, finally coming to a halt. And a few moments ago, the onyx demon finally crumbled, turning into a tide of darkness.

Now, all that remained was a small, battered man.

The Lord of Shadows still looked formidable, though.

His fearsome armor was breached and broken in many places, and yet, there was not even a single drop of blood flowing from the breaches. It was as if there was no human body underneath at all... just more darkness, more shadow.

His cold and arrogant demeanor had not changed, either, despite the fact that five of them were surrounding him from all sides.

The Lord of Shadows still had some strength left.

But it was hopeless.

What can one man do against five Transcendent beings?

Without the size and mass of his demonic Transformation, he had no hope of facing all of them alone. Not today, at least.

Just a moment before they lunged forward to rip him apart, the Lord of Shadows suddenly spoke in his indifferent, cold voice:

“Gods. This... was not part of the plan.”

His words seemed to indicate despair, but his tone was anything but desperate.

Suddenly, Lonesome Howl felt an ominous chill.

And then, her long ears flicked, the fur on her back standing on its end.

That was because she heard something that should have been impossible.

Another voice... coming from somewhere far behind.

Spinning around, she witnessed a scene that made her heart turn to ice.

Bin was falling to the ground, bright blood flowing down her back.

And there, above her... stood another figure clad in fearsome onyx armor, his white hair dancing in the wind.

He was almost exactly like the man standing calmly in front of her. Only his mask seemed subtly different, and slightly less eerie.

‘What…’

Why... why were there two of them?

“Don't bother... she's dead.”

His indifferent voice cut her like a blade.

Whipping her head back, Lonesome Howl stared at the Lord of Shadow... the original one... in stunned silence.

Then, she let out a terrible roar and lunged forward.

The other three – Silence, Siord, and Ceres – followed her with murderous determination.

It was just that...

As soon as they moved, the shadows of their enemy moved, as well. And a split second later, two more Lords of Shadows were standing side by side with the first one.

These ones wore onyx helmets with white plumes instead of the ferocious mask, darkness nestling in their visors... they looked eerily similar to the graceful Echo of the Lord of Shadows, one that commanded true darkness and had faced Revel at Vanishing Lake.

And just like that, their numerical advantage was gone.

Everything was gone.

Even as she threw her bleeding body at the enemy, Lonesome Howl couldn't help but shiver.

That Echo...

Was it an Echo of a human Saint?

Was that an Echo... of the Lord of Shadows himself?

Had he killed himself and risen from the dead like a vengeful wraith?

Or was it no Echo at all?

Were all of them -

– the Lord, the Knight, the Fiend, the Serpent – merely various forms that one dark creature took to pursue its sinister goals?

Lonesome Howl did not know.

But she suddenly felt fear.

***

If Sunny knew what the princess of Song was thinking about, he would be amused.

And a little sad.

After all, he had hoped that people would stop confusing him with Saint – who was a woman! – after the memory of him was erased from the world.

However, he did not know, and had no time to care.

He still had four Saints to defeat.

Yes, the Saints of Song were wounded and running low on essence, while Sunny was relatively unscathed and had more essence than he could burn at the moment. And yes, they did not have the advantage of numbers anymore.

But he was not going to relax.

That was how people got killed – by allowing themselves to become arrogant when victory was already in sight.

Lonesome Howl and Silent Stalker were daughters of Ki Song, and they had to have a few deadly surprises left, without a doubt. Perhaps powerful Memories... perhaps more drops of their mother's blood.

Something was going to go wrong, for sure – or all of it. 

His task was to win even if everything went wrong.

His three avatars clashed with Lonesome Howl, Ceres, and Siord. The fourth avatar, meanwhile, dashed forward to intercept Silent Stalker.

And as he fought with four bodies, making them move as one…

Something in his mind clicked.

Even consumed by the fervor of battle, Sunny couldn't help but smile.

It was all coming together.

His Transcendent Battle Art was finally going to be complete.




***
Chapter 2019: Reaching the Peak


***






Sunny had been developing his Transcendent Battle Art for a long time now.

A Transcendent Battle Art was the culmination of one's combat technique. Humans underwent a profound transformation when becoming Saints — therefore, their technique had to reach its own version of Transcendence, as well.

On a surface level, a Transcendent Battle Art was an elevation of a battle style to a technique that comprehensively fit the newfound powers of a Saint. Of course, since all Aspects were unique, each such Battle Art was fundamentally different from the rest.

On a deeper level, however, the difference between a mundane battle style and a Transcendent Battle Art was enormously vast. A Transcendent being was, by definition, one that had crossed the threshold separating mortals from deities — therefore, Saints wielded powers that were truly beyond the scope of humanly possible.

A combat technique that flawlessly incorporated these powers had a special nature. It transcended the definition of a battle style just as much as Saints transcended mere mortals. 

Hence, the name.

It was not at all surprising, then, that developing a Transcendent Battle Art was a daunting task. It was already difficult enough to disassemble the very nature of a martial style into elementary principles — but then, these axiomatic principles had to be examined, reshaped, or even dismissed entirely, to be replaced with new concepts.

Finally, a comprehensive system of practical applications had to be built on this new foundation. An impossible and revolutionary battle style meant to be used by only a single person.

No wonder it took the talent and resources of an entire Legacy Clan to design a single Transcendent Battle Art… Sunny, however, had done it alone.

He had meticulously created a completely new set of concepts and laws of how a living being was supposed to fight, based on his own unique attributes and abilities instead of human nature.

His Transcendent Battle Art had been on the verge of completion for a while. The theoretical foundation had already been developed, and all he lacked was practical experience to test his design in order to either validate or iterate it.

He had tested and perfected most of it already. But one key element was still unfinished — because that element concerned controlling multiple incarnations in battle, and Sunny had been hiding that Ability of his for a long time.

He had fought some Nightmare Creatures that way in the past, but only now that he was facing a foe as dire, cunning, and skilled as the four Saints of the Song Domain did he receive a bountiful opportunity to really test his mettle.

Everything was clicking together. Everything was falling into place.

Sunny could feel it…

His art was taking shape.

From that first swing of the Azure Blade Nephis had instructed him to perform on the Forgotten Shore to this calamitous battle under the radiant sky of Godgrave, Sunny had never stopped reaching for new heights.

And now, finally, he was standing on the peak.

His art was complete.

…The four Saints descended upon Sunny like a hurricane of fangs, claws, and sharp steel. However, all that met them was darkness and overwhelming strength.

Now that Sunny did not have to create titanic blades to wield with the giant hands of his Shell, four weapons manifested themselves in his four pairs of hands. They were an austere tachi, a great odachi, a somber spear, and an elegant jian.

Each was as potent as a Transcendent weapon would have been, and sharp enough to cut the world.

His four bodies moved in perfect harmony with each other, weaving a dark tapestry of deadly intent. The flawless grace of their unity made the uncanny combat affinity that the seasoned warriors serving the King of Swords displayed seem clumsy and crude, full of dissonance and discord.

Even the four Saints of Song, whose ability to cooperate in combat had been forged in thousands of battles, were no match.

And so… Sunny crushed them.

Each of his four bodies was weaker than one augmented body had been, but the sum of their individual strength was greater than the whole. He could be in several places at the same time, seamlessly interweave offense and defense, build elaborate traps, force the enemy to move where he wanted them to move… all with almost effortless ease.

The possibilities seemed endless.

Best of all, the four Saints were almost like an open book to him. Now that Sunny's own Transcendent Battle Art was complete, he found it easier to read similar techniques that belonged to others. His already formidable mastery of Shadow Dance took another leap, teasing him with an alluring scent of unknown mysteries.

He could vaguely feel what lay beyond…

For Shadow Dance, the ability to mimic the Attributes of other living beings.

For his Battle Art… the ability to incorporate his will into the movements of his sword.

Just like the nebulous archer of the Shadow Realm had incorporated death into the black arrows.

Even in the rush of battle, Sunny could not help but notice that there was a common trait between these two future breakthroughs.

It was that… neither was truly only about combat.

In fact, he could not even call the next evolution of his technique a Supreme Battle Art. Because it was not really a technique, or limited to battle.

It was just what being Supreme meant.

And just like that, a seed of a different kind of understanding was planted in Sunny's mind.

…The furious assault by the four Saints shattered against the elusive barrier woven by his four incarnations. The battle continued at a frenetic pace, but he maintained a calm and chillingly cold attitude, silently pushing the enemies to their limit — and then past it. Soon, the Saints of Song reached a point where their reserves of essence were almost depleted.

Of course, there were a few perilous moments on the way. Sunny had been right — the daughters of Ki Song were indeed harboring a few weapons of last resort.

But it was already too late. Sunny had too great of an advantage. His superiority was both oppressive and suffocating — even when they called upon their trump cards, he managed to deal with the consequences with relative ease.

Especially because those carefully prepared countermeasures were meant to deal with a single powerful opponent, not four. And because Beastmaster had been taken out of the fight before having an opportunity to summon her own.

Eventually, it all came crashing down for the Saints of Song.

The beautiful harpy, Siord, screamed and fell to the ground, grasping a terrible wound. Sunny moved away to deflect an attack by Saint Ceres, but a moment later, another of his incarnations was standing in his place. The elegant jian rose and fell, slicing Siord's tendons and removing her from the battle.

The three-headed canine was next. Sunny was cruel in dealing with her… isolating Ceres from the daughters of Ki Song with three avatars, he leaped into the air and brandished his great odachi. The dark blade flashed twice, and two of her three heads fell to the ground.

Then, it was just Lonesome Howl and Silent Stalker against his four incarnations.

The daughters of Ki Song fought beautifully. They fought valiantly.

But in the end, they still lost. 

And just when Lonesome Howl, having long returned to her human form, fell to her knees, feeling the tip of his sword at her neck…

A low, reverberating sound rolled across the vast battlefield.

Sunny stayed his hand and looked up.

His fearsome mask did not reveal any emotion, but somehow, he looked slightly amused.

He recognized that sound.

‘...They are calling retreat.’




***
Chapter 2020: One Man’s Greed


***






Soon after the first rumbling call of the war horn, another one resounded, rolling across the battlefield like a tidal wave. Sunny was momentarily impressed by the logistical preparations that had been undertaken to wage this war… after all, it was not easy to drown out the deafening clamor of a Transcendent battle.

Which meant that both armies had prepared tools capable of delivering the commands to hundreds of thousands of clashing soldiers in advance.

It wasn't that surprising, really. Both Valor and Song had rich experience subjugating wild regions of the Dream Realm, after all. They would have known how to signal to their troops when besieged by hordes of roaring Nightmare Creatures.

In any case… 

He realized how tired he was by catching his mind wandering.

The sound of two horns told Sunny everything he needed to know, at the moment.

The first horn had come from the position of the Song Army… which meant that the battle was over, and that the Sword Army had delivered the enemy a crushing defeat.

The second horn had come from the direction of the towering Echo — perhaps it was no horn at all, but simply the bellow of the gargantuan creature. Its meaning was also quite clear.

The King of Swords was ordering them not to pursue.

With his expression hidden behind Weaver's Mask, Sunny let out a quiet sigh of relief.

Ki Song calling for retreat meant that the Saints of the Song Army were beaten despite their great numerical advantage. Anvil ordering his own Saints to stand down… probably meant that he did not wish to cross the Queen's bottom line just yet.

And that he was already satisfied with the result.

‘...We've won, then.’

Sunny still couldn't quite believe it.

He knew that he had won, of course. He was also certain that Nephis would have demolished her share of enemies. Cassie would be alright, too… she always was.

But, still. Twenty-three Saints defeating twice as many enemy Transcendents sounded… implausible.

But the proof was impossible to deny.

Everywhere he looked, the remaining pilgrims were turning around and slowly heading away from the battlefield.

He could see a few battered Saints staggering away, as well.

Which brought him to a dilemma.

Still holding the tip of his odachi to Lonesome Howl's neck, Sunny stared at her through the eyes of Weaver's Mask.

…What was he supposed to do now that he had won?

The Jackal was dead. Beastmaster and the Ceres were unconscious. Siord and the Saint of Sorrow were too terribly wounded to mount any resistance. Silent Stalker was on the ground, three of his incarnations standing above her with weapons drawn and ready to strike.

Lonesome Howl was on her knees, at his mercy.

She was not moving, just staring at him from below with defeat, fear, and bitter fury burning in her wild eyes. Her face was pale and bloodied, and she was gritting her teeth to suppress a pained groan.

‘Am I meant to just let them go?’

It seemed quite unfair, to let his prey walk free. Nothing was going to stop these Saints from recovering and joining the next battle, after all…

At the same time, Sunny could not very well take them prisoner. How was he supposed to imprison Saints? Even if he tied them up and locked them in the Nameless Temple, they could simply flee back to the waking world. No amount of chains and locks could stop them.

He was certain that Anvil could. The King of Swords had imprisoned Orum, after all… so, there was some kind of runic prison already established here in Godgrave.

But did Sunny really want to give the Sovereign hostages of royal blood?

No way. If he did, he would be responsible for whatever atrocity Anvil decided to perpetrate toward the prisoners.

So, Sunny only had two choices.

Either finish the defeated Saints right here and now… or let them go.

And he had not kept them alive only to slaughter them once the battle was over.

Of course… Lonesome Howl and the rest of the Saints of Song must have thought differently.

Judging by their gazes, they seemed to be under the illusion that Sunny was some kind of unholy monster.

No, really… did they have to look so petrified?

‘All that after I went out of my way to be gentle…’

Shaking his head mentally, Sunny sighed, then retracted his odachi and pointed in the direction of the distant Song Army.

When he spoke, his voice was cold and indifferent:

“...Leave.”

Lonesome Howl stared at him, her bloodied face growing even paler.

Strangely enough, she made no motion to rise from her knees.

Instead, she gritted her teeth even tighter, and then spat:

“Why… are you letting us go?”

Sunny looked down at her, feeling perplexed.

He would have already been running in her shoes.

Still, he had to come up with an answer…

Blaming everything on Nephis again would be unwise — the King of Swords could very well be listening, after all, and learning that his daughter had secretly ordered his most powerful fighter to spare the enemy elites could very well cause dire problems down the line.

And after today, there would be no question of who the most powerful member of the Sword Army outside the royal family was, without a doubt.

So what was Sunny supposed to say?

...Luckily, this incarnation of his was wearing Weaver's Mask.

Eventually, he shrugged and answered evenly:

“I am just a hired blade. My pay is high, but not high enough to start a blood feud with the Queen of Song.”

Meaning…

‘You are a princess, and I am a simple mercenary. I'm not crazy enough and can't be bothered to kill Ki Song's daughters, thus giving her a reason to personally hunt me down!’

On second thought, that also implied that Sunny would actually be willing to do something like that if the pay was high enough.

He hoped that Lonesome Howl would miss that. 

She stared at him for a few moments, then suddenly let out a bitter, hollow laugh.

“So that's the reason? I can't… I can't believe it. A hired blade! The outcome of the battle, the fate of the entire world… might just depend on something as base as one man's greed?”

Sunny looked at her silently for a while.

Then, he leaned his head back and laughed.

His laugh sounded eerie and sinister, rolling across the ravaged battlefield like a chilling wind.

“Why? Do you think that we are that different?”

Shaking his head, he looked at the kneeling princess and added with a hint of disdain in his calm, cold voice:

“No. The King of Valor, you mother, and I... we are exactly the same. It's just that they are greedy for more tasteless things.”

With that, Sunny took a step back and dissolved into the shadows.

Lonesome Howl was left standing on her knees in solitude.

The echo of his sinister laughter, and of his piercing words, was still ringing in her ears.




***
Chapter 2021: End of the Battle


***






A similar situation was happening elsewhere on the battlefield.

There, a vast swath of the sun-bleached bone had been scorched by incinerating flames and turned black. It almost seemed as if it had been on the verge of igniting, angry red sparks and wisps of smoke still escaping from somewhere below.

The air was heavy with the smell of smoke, and white flames danced here and there on the charred remains of thralls and pilgrims.

This was where Nephis had fought Seishan, Death Singer, and the five Saints supporting them.

The battle had been fierce.

Seishan was powerful, and her power had only grown exponentially on a bloodsoaked battlefield. Death Singer seemed to possess some form of authority over blood, as well, both using it for offense and to boost her sister's already formidable prowess even further.

The five Saints that had come to join the Queen's daughters were not weak in any way, either.

However, it had all been for naught.

Once Nephis truly unleashed her flames and burned away the blood that had been spilled upon the ancient bone by the Awakened soldiers, Seishan and Death Singer found themselves at a disadvantage.

The Saints that had been supposed to slow Changing Star down did everything they were expected to do. Their Aspects worked well together, and they worked especially well against someone like her.

A carefully designed combination of powerful Memories enveloped the last daughter of the Immortal Flame clan in a net of insidious enchantments.

The thralls and the pilgrims descended upon her like a plague.

And yet…

None of it worked.

Nephis broke free of the net, withstood the barrage of melee and ranged attacks unleashed by the five Saints, turned the thralls and the pilgrims into ash, and faced the two daughters of Ki Song like a radiant, harrowing spirit of flame.

Her skill, power, and absolute resolve were overwhelming.

The Saints of Song were shocked and dismayed.

Then, a hint of fear entered their hearts.

Even Death Singer seemed shaken by the ferocious might of Changing Star...

Only Seishan did not seem that surprised.

After all, she had witnessed who Nephis was, and what she could do, all the way back on the Forgotten Shore.

In fact, she understood clearly that Changing Star was holding back her most destructive powers.

The only thing she could not understand was…

Why?

Was it out of a sense of empty sentimentality?

No, the young woman she had come to know in the Dark City was not someone who could be swayed by such emotions.

So why, then?

A subtle frown twisted Seishan's exquisite brow.

In the end, the result of the clash between Changing Star and the seven Saints of Song was quite predictable.

By the time the Song Army sounded retreat, all seven of them were beaten and battered, in agony, and barely clinging to life...

And yet, they were alive.

The blinding light of the radiant figure dimmed, and in a whirlwind of sparks, a pristine white tunic covered her slender body. Changing Star, the last daughter of the Immortal Flame, looked at them with emotionless eyes.

The lovely young woman with beautiful silver hair wore no armor and wielded no weapons. Pure and untainted by the blood and soot of the battlefield, she looked like a heavenly being… breathtaking and completely out of place in this sweltering, dark hell.

Not at all like the unstoppable monster who had ruthlessly crushed, burned, and broken them all.

Only her striking grey eyes betrayed the inhuman coldness of the incandescent white void hiding in her soul.

Seishan suppressed a groan, staring at her own charred body.

It was time to retreat…

In shame and dishonor.

Not everyone knew how to retreat gracefully, though.

One of them — the young Saint of the Maharana clan — looked up at Changing Star and asked in a hoarse, trembling voice:

"...Why didn't you kill me?"

She looked down at him, no emotion visible in her cold grey eyes.

After a few moments of silence, Nephis simply shrugged.

"Because you are not my enemy."

With that, she turned around and left with light steps.

The young man seemed confused, failing to understand the meaning of her words.

Seishan's frown, however, deepened slightly.

Somewhere else on the battlefield…

Three bleeding corpses were laying on the ground, staring at Saint Jest with empty eye sockets. The old man wiped his bloody hands on the shirt of one of them, then clicked his tongue and crushed the head of the other when the corpse attempted to rise.

Looking at his once again bloodied hand with a squeamish expression, he shook his head with a wry smile.

"That girl… still playing house, at her age. Someone should really remind her that dolls are for children."

With that, he looked up with a wondering look.

"Oh… right. I should check on Little Mercy and see how he is doing. Today must have been tough on him…"

Humming a lively melody under his nose, Saint Jest straightened, stretched his back, then picked up his cane and walked away.

Someplace else…

A pile of scrap metal slowly unfurled itself and rose from the ground. Fiend was in a terrible shape, his steel body hideously shredded and torn apart so viciously that it resembled an abstract sculpture.

Fighting the Chain Wyrms had not been an easy fit for him, especially with some of his powers sealed by the shattering of space.

Raising one of his remaining hands, the ravenous Shadow used a sharp claw to fish a piece of melting glass from between his fangs and stared in the direction where the two remaining Reflections had gone with a hateful expression.

A few moments later, a sound that resembled the low roar of spreading flame resounded from his fiery maw:

"Wrrrretches…" 

In that moment, Fiend made a decision.

He was going to tell on them… to Big Sister!

Not too far away, Saint retracted her darkness and watched indifferently as her one remaining enemy limped away.

Serpent, however, was surrounded only by silence.

Because all of its enemies were dead.

Just like that, the battle was over.

But its aftershocks were destined to spread far and wide, shaping many of the things that were to come.




***
Chapter 2022: Overwhelming Strength


***






The battle that would have cost humanity countless lives ended costing it… slightly less.

The losses among the Awakened soldiers were still quite severe, but at the same time, there weren't nearly as many deaths as there would have been if Nephis had not intervened, ordering the two great armies to retreat and provoking a clash between the Saints instead.

The final, titanic confrontation had decided the outcome of the battle…

It ended with a resounding victory for the Sword Domain. 

Sunny somehow expected to be met by endless chants of glory once he returned to the camp of the Sword Army, but in reality, it was just as quiet and subdued as the camp of the defeated side.

That was because most of the soldiers had been brutalized by the unfathomable horror of the calamitous battle, and many of them had lost friends and companions to its hungry maw, as well.

The casualties among the soldiers were still being tallied, but everyone knew how many Saints had returned from the battlefield alive, already.

The results were… surprising.

At least to Sunny.

Four of the Saints of the Sword Army had died.

However, thirteen Saints of the Song Domain perished in return.

Six of them had been killed by Sunny and his Shadows. Three were killed by Old Man Jest. The rest had fallen in individual duels.

A… horrifying number.

Nephis had killed none.

Which was bitterly ironic. Sunny had always considered himself to be… the more humane of them two. In fact, in the past, he often felt that Neph's ambition and obsession were dragging him along into the depths where he would not have gone himself. But here he was, having slaughtered almost a full cohort of Transcendent champions, while she had shown restraint and mercy, killing nobody.

Granted, the Song Army had only sent seven Saints after her, as well as a swarm of thralls and pilgrims — while Sunny had technically faced thirteen of them, as well as three of Mordret's Reflections.

He did not know whether he should feel flattered, appalled, proud, or dejected.

That was not important at the moment, anyway.

What was important, though…

Made Sunny shiver.

Song had possessed an overwhelming advantage over the Sword Domain. And yet, their defeat was crushing. Even though Sunny and Nephis had played a vital role in the victory of the Sword Army, the fact remained.

Twenty-six Saints of Song fought against twenty-one Sword Saint, and most of them had lost. Relatively few of the defeated Saints had died, managing to retreat in time, but it was still a startling result.

A result that could mean only one thing…

The Saints of the Sword Army were simply stronger.

And this, in turn, revealed a rather disturbing truth to Sunny.

It shone light on the previously inscrutable demeanor of Anvil, the King of Swords.

From the very beginning… well, maybe from the day Mordret had annihilated the House of Night… the Sovereign of Valor was confusing Sunny with his indifference, inaction, and passive nonchalance.

The Queen of Worms seemed to outplay her enemy on every turn. Her strategies were more elaborate, her ingenious schemes more impactful, her grasp of the battle theater more worthy of a Supreme.

In fact, as time had gone by, the strategic position of the Sword Army started to look more and more hopeless. The enemy was winning virtually on all fronts.

It was to the point that one had no choice but to start doubting which of the two Supremes had inherited the lineage of War God. Wasn't Valor supposed to display a genius of all things having to do with warfare instead of Song?

But the answer to that imbalance was now both evident and undeniable.

It was as if Anvil had told the world today:

"Look and despair. It doesn't matter how cunning, wise, and valiant you are. The most ingenious stratagems are pointless in the face of overwhelming strength."

Anvil had not been bothered by the successes of the Song Domain, because he possessed the only thing he needed to win this war.

A better army, and more deadly champions.

It was a cruel and disheartening lesson.

The bleak reality of this brutal truth was not what unnerved Sunny, though.

Rather, it was the fact that Anvil only possessed overwhelming force because of Nephis and Sunny himself.

Which meant that he had included their strength into his calculations…

Which, in turn, meant that he understood what they were capable of far better than Sunny had assumed.

In fact…

He truly felt a chill run down his spine when thinking about how the battle had transpired.

The clash of the Transcendents only happened because Nephis had defied Anvil's order.

But it was precisely her defiance that had led to the crushing defeat of the Song Domain.

So…

Had the King of Swords calculated that she would disobey him, and even the precise manner in which she would express her disobedience?

He had to. Otherwise, his silent assent to Neph's defiance could hardly be explained.

…This was what frightened Sunny the most.

He looked in the direction of the gargantuan Echo, suddenly feeling tense and uncomfortable.

Almost afraid.

It was as if he was in the palm of Anvil's hand, ready to be crushed in an iron fist at any moment.

His face behind Weaver's Mask grew somber.

Countless humans were dead, including seventeen Saints — a dire loss for all humanity.

The fortunes of the Song Army were reversed in an instant. It had gone from holding a solid advantage to being hopelessly outmatched by the enemy in the span of one battle — not the least because Sunny and Nephis had revealed a large part of their true power.

The battle had put an end to Song's advance into the depths of the Breastbone Reach. On the contrary, they would have to retreat now, perhaps even being pushed all the way to the Collarbone Plain.

In the worst case, the main camp or even the sole Citadel of the Song army would be besieged before either Revel or Gilead completed their expeditions. 

But for now, the tired, terrified soldiers needed to rest.

The wounded had to be treated, and the dead had to be burned.

Both army camps were abuzz with whispers and discussions of the dreadful battle.

And, of course, two people were mentioned more than all the rest.

Merciful Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan…

And the ruthless, terrifying Lord of Shadows.




***
Chapter 2023: The Shadow of Godgrave


***






People did not often see Saints fight… at least in the past.

Of course, the soldiers of the two great armies had witnessed their Transcendent generals clash with dreadful Nightmare Creatures countless times, by now. However, just like the rest of humanity, they had not been exposed to the chilling sight of demigods fighting each other.

Their ignorance had been destroyed today.

The calamitous battle between the great armies was unprecedented as far as the quantity of the Awakened soldiers involved was concerned. However, what followed next was different from all previous battles of human history in quality.

Even safely hidden away from the battlefield, the Awakened warriors had witnessed the awe and horror of a Transcendent battle in all its devastating and harrowing glory. 

It was not surprising that the soldiers could not help but discuss it once the fighting stopped. Both camps were overflowing with hushed conversations, the Awakened from the different parts of the battle line sharing the stories of what they had seen.

The duels between individual Saints were already astounding enough.

But it were two clashes in particular that went beyond the realm of what humans had believed was possible.

Obviously, the name of Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan was on everyone's lips… after all, she had delivered all the soldiers from the hellish nightmare of the harrowing battle with her radiant light. Countless people owed their lives to her — some by benefit of retreating from the fight unscathed, and some quite literally, having been brought back from the brink of death by her soothing flames.

Therefore, the tale of Lady Nephis healing an entire army was spreading like a flame.

The story of her bringing the battle to a halt and sending the soldiers back to face the enemy in personal combat instead was spreading, as well.

And, of course, the story of her facing and defeating seven Saints in battle.

However, that last part was not being discussed that widely,despite how astonishing such a feat was.

It was partially because Changing Star was known for her impossible deeds, so one more did not stand out too much, and partially because the clash between Nephis and the Saints of Song had been mostly obscured by the blinding radiance of her flames, as well as billowing clouds of smoke.

Mostly, though…

It was because her stunning display of overbearing power was overshadowed by someone else.

The Lord of Shadows.

Unlike Nephis of the Immortal Flame, he had not established himself as one of the most talented warriors of humanity before. Sure, his reputation was fearsome, and plenty of soldiers had witnessed his dire strength during the war. Still, he had been considered to be merely at the top of the hierarchy of power among the Saints — like Summer Knight was.

Not as someone who existed entirely outside that hierarchy.

Not only had the Lord of Shadows astounded everyone by defeating seven of the most powerful Saints of the Song Army alone, but his abominable minions had also defeated another six… which meant that he had faced more enemy Transcendents than even Changing Star herself.

And unlike the valiant Lady of the Immortal Flame, the sellsword Saint was utterly ruthless, slaying six of them — more than any other Saint had during the battle.

And, therefore, in all of history.

More than that, the clash between the Lord of Shadows and the Saints of Song had been perfectly visible to countless observers on all sides. Countless people had seen the grotesque and frightening figure of the towering onyx demon rampaging in the onslaught of enemy attacks, evading them with chilling grace, and retaliating with ruthless cruelty in response.

Countless people had heard the echoes of his malevolent laughter, as well.

The soldiers of both armies were stunned, awed, horrified, and appalled. It was just that the soldiers of the Sword Army were mostly in awe, while the soldiers of the Song Army were mostly in the throes of horror.

Everyone, however, seemed to involuntary lower their voices when invoking the name of the Lord of Shadows.

"Have you heard? He severed the heads of Saint Ceres. He laughed while doing it!"

"I saw it. It was… terrifying. Is she alive?"

"Was that his Transcendent form? That dreadful demon? Or… is... is the human a Transcendent form of the demon, instead?"

"How do we even know that he is human behind that creepy mask? No one has seen his face!"

"They say that he split in four at the end of the battle, each incarnation wielding a deadly blade…"

"Wait, wait! That actually explains everything. We were all convinced that he possessed some kind of spatial Ability, right? And that was how he could seemingly be in several places at the same time. But he doesn't, there is no spatial Ability! He simply can manifest more… more of himself!" 

"That would also explain why his eerie Echoes are so powerful. What if they aren't Echoes at all? What if those abominations are just his other bodies?"

"Gods… which body is the real one, then?"

"The serpent! That giant shadow serpent can shapeshift! That is how he can appear human!"

"So the real Lord of Shadows is a... a giant abomination?"

"No wonder he… it… was living in Godgrave alone…" 

"Have you all lost your goddamn minds? The Lord of Shadows is a human Saint. He is just so powerful that it's just easier to believe that he is some kind of an ancient, sinister, dark being that had fed on the bone marrow of a dead god for thousands of years before being disturbed by us, foolish mortals, when we decided to invade his land… and which then emerged from the eternal darkness to take on the appearance of a man it consumed… anyway, what I am trying to say is that he is a human! D—definitely!"

"You… shut your mouth and never speak again. Okay?!"

"What?! I'm just saying!"

"I don't care what you're saying. The Lord of Shadows saved my life, and many more, during the march to Vanishing Lake. So I don't care whether he's a man or a snake.I'm just glad that he's on our side..."

Sunny would have been quite amused if he had heard these conversations. But he was busy recovering from the battle, and preoccupied by much more vital matters than eavesdropping on what the soldiers were saying to boot.

Unbeknownst to him, though, a different kind of conversation was taking place in the camp of the Song Army...




***
Chapter 2024: Regrettable Miscalculation


***






In the command tent of the Seventh Legion, the air was heavy with the smell of blood, ash, and smoke.

Five of the seven Transcendent princesses of Song were gathered there. The healers of the Song Army had already treated their wounds, but their clothes were still bearing the traces of the recent battle.

Seishan had suffered more than the other four, having been burned terribly by the incandescent white flames. But she was also the calmest, having already changed from the charred rags of her previous garment into a clean dress.

The mood in the tent was somber and dark.

Eventually, it was Beastmaster who broke the silence. Nursing her head, she asked quietly:

"How are the rest of our sisters?"  

Although Ki Song had seven Transcendent daughters, there were more girls she had adopted. It was just that not all of them had become Saints.

Most had been left in the Song Domain to manage it in the absence of the most powerful members of the royal clan, but some were here in Godgrave, scattered across the seven royal legions.

Seishan answered after a short pause:

"Our sisters are fine… they are not easily killed."

Beastmaster let out a sigh of relief, then winced and asked in a subdued tone:

"What about mother, then?"

Seishan lingered for a moment.

"She will lead the farewell ritual for the fallen soldiers and see as after that. I doubt that it will be a long conversation... the army will have to start the retreat soon."

A heavy silence settled in the tent once more.

Eventually, Silent Stalker shifted slightly and threw a questioning look at her sisters.

Seishan smiled darkly.

"Yes. We have… miscalculated, indeed."

Beastmaster shook her head.

"There was no miscalculation. We just didn't have the correct information."

With that, she glanced at Death Singer bitterly.

The lovely oracle stared back with an aggrieved expression.

"What? I warned you! I told you that we're all going to die!"

The tantalizing enchantress remained silent for a few moments,then let out a soft chuckle.

"...That you did. In any case, the things we learned from my thralls in the Sword Army, and from Revel, were not entirely true. The Lord of Shadows is far more than we expected."

Seishan let out a sigh and nodded.

"It seems that he is like the other two — a bearer of a Divine Aspect."

Lonesome Howl cursed.

"Damn it all... the plan was for our vassals to destroy his Echoes, then help us deal with that man — before all of us moved on to assist you against Changing Star. Instead, they are dead, and we've been brutalized by not one, but two of these monsters. Gods… how is Morgan even still alive? I feel like I've been run over by a PTV."

Of course, a PTV would have been utterly destroyed if it collided with Lonesome Howl. Additionally…

Her voice sounded gruff and boisterous, but her sisters could sense an unfamiliar note of turmoil and upheaval in its pleasant sound.

Seishan sighed.

"It is unfortunate that we made a mistake in evaluating the power of the Lord of Shadows. He is no less of a threat than Changing Star is… more of a threat, perhaps. The morale of our soldiers was already low because of his raids on the supply caravans. Now, they'll be jumping at every shadow."

Beastmaster let out a joyless chuckle.

"...Can you blame them?"

She shook her head, then added somberly:

"That Ability of his took me by surprise. It is some form of duplication… his Dormant Ability, perhaps? Quantitative Abilities are often tied to one's Rank, after all. Howl and others witnessed four copies — that would coincide with the Transcendent Rank. But then one of his other Abilities would not make sense. Is he using a powerful Memory or a Legacy Relic in place, perhaps?"

The others seemed unsure.

Beastmaster lingered for a while, then shook her head.

"It's useless to guess, isn't it? If his truly is a Divine Aspect, then we shouldn't try to apply common logic to him. Besides, that is not even the most important question.The most important question is… why did he leave us alive?"

Lonesome Howl looked down, her expression growing dark.

"...He seemed to be reluctant to anger mother."

Hearing that, Seishan scoffed.

"Does that man look like someone who would be scared of incurring a Sovereign's wrath? If he was, he wouldn't have joined the war at all. There are plenty of Death Zones in the Dream Realm where he could have fled to, and we already know that he is more than capable of making one his home. More than that, he also spared Ceres, Siord, and the Saint of Sorrow."

She shook her head.

"No… he spared you because Nephis ordered him to hold back. Just like she had done with the soldiers guarding the supply caravans."

The rest of Ki Song's daughters looked at her with a hint of surprise.

Eventually, Beastmaster asked:

"...Why did she order him to hold back, then? And why did she hold back herself?"

Seishan's expression turned pensive.

She remained silent for a while, then sighed.

"I do not know. Her mercy and benevolence are just an act, though — of that, I am sure. There is hardly a less merciful and benevolent person in both worlds than Nephis of the Immortal Flame clan."

Seishan hesitated for a moment.

"Not that I hold it against her, of course. In fact, she's quite admirable. Nephis... is scheming something, but what? I can't figure it out."

Her exquisitely beautiful face seemed troubled.

Lonesome Howl sneered.

"Aren't you giving her too much credit, sister? She is already as high as any of us can be, and there is nothing left for her to earn. What can she ever scheme for? Before, I could have imagined a twisted scenario where she wanted to prove herself and become… I don't know, daddy's favorite. But with Morgan falling out of favor, even that is already beside the point."

She leaned back and crossed her arms.

"Your judgment is always clouded when it comes to those years, Shan. Sure,that girl achieved something outstanding on the Forgotten Shore — assembling an army of loyal followers, killing an invincible tyrant, and taking his throne… then getting most of her army obliterated to win an unwinnable battle. But that was in the past."

As she was speaking, Seishan's expression changed subtly.

Lonesome Howl did not notice, but Beastmaster did.

She smiled.

"Wait… you don't think?"

Seishan lingered for a few moments, then slowly shook her head.

"No… of course not. Yes, Nephis and the Lord of Shadows are immensely powerful, but even they stand no chance against a Supreme. They would know it better than us, too. Unless she conquers the Fourth Nightmare, it would be pointless to even think about disloyalty — and Anvil won't allow her to challenge a Seed."

So, thinking in that direction was a fool's errand.

And yet…

Seishan remembered Gunlaug's golden armor.

And how impenetrable it had seemed.

Her brow furrowed a little, and she gave Beastmaster a complicated look.

The beautiful enchantress smiled.

"What? Are you regretting dissuading me from killing her in Antarctica now?"

Seishan did not answer immediately.

Eventually, she said:

"I'd probably be a Skinwalker vessel now if you did."

Beastmaster sighed.

"True. Then I'll express my gratitude to her the next time we meet..."




***
Chapter 2025: A Bitter Triumph


***






On the other side of the scorched and ravaged battlefield, in the camp of the Sword Army, there was another tent. The three people inside were supposed to be in a much better mood than the Queen's daughters — they were the victors, after all — and yet, the atmosphere was just as somber.

Sunny was sitting on a wooden trunk, for once feeling burdened and suffocated by the weight of his armor and the cool touch of his mask. He wished he could dismiss it and feel the gentle touch of fresh air on his skin…

Or Neph's gentle touch.

Nephis herself was sitting quietly on her austere cot, wearing a pristine white tunic. She did not seem like someone who had just participated in a harrowing battle, but her gaze was cold and distant, devoid of human warmth.

Still, she made an effort to spare him a pale smile.

Cassie was sitting on the Shadow Chair, which Sunny had summoned for her. Out of the three of them, she had fared the worst in the battle — the Song Army had not sent more than one Saint to face her, but Cassie was not someone meant for the mayhem of the battlefield, either. She had won the duel, of course, but not without suffering several painful blows.

Or maybe she had simply endured them on purpose, not wishing to disclose the true extent of her lethality to those who considered her a relatively weak and helpless Saint. Even now, Sunny couldn't say for sure.

All three of them were silent.

The silence that surrounded them had a special quality, too, because of the runic enchantment Cassie had drawn on the floor — a complicated spell to ward off unwanted attention.

Sunny sighed, then turned into a shadow. A moment later, he manifested himself into a person again, this time wearing [Definitely Not Me] instead of Weaver's Mask. 

After lingering for a moment, he said:

"Things went well, did they not?"

They had. A few unforeseen complications had emerged, just as expected, but the plan had worked better than they could have hoped.Nephis had greatly elevated her status, cementing herself as the only voice of reason and compassion in the dreadful crucible of this cruel, demented war. She had won the hearts of countless soldiers of the Sword Army… and of the Song Army, as well.

Better yet, she had saved countless lives that would have been lost in the senseless slaughter otherwise.

She had also established herself as a leader among the Saints, let them witness the will of the Sovereigns being defied with impunity, and shown the vast and awesome power of her pure flames…

That last part was especially important.

Personal valor still mattered most among the Legacy Clans, after all, whose claim to nobility rested on the laurels of martial excellence — with Saints serving as living embodiments of the fearless virtue the members of military aristocracy were meant to possess.

Nephis had not only demonstrated her willingness and ability to disobey the Sovereigns, but also proved that she had the right to.

…Not only because she was strong herself, but also because she was capable enough to ensure the loyalty of someone who was in no way weaker.

The Lord of Shadows.

Sunny's astounding performance was like a cherry on top of a delicious cake… or rather, a scoop of ice cream on top of a delectable waffle, in his case. With fresh strawberries on the side.

This aspect of their plan was just as important as the battle itself. After all, at the end of the day, it did not matter what the soldiers, the Legacies, and the Saints thought or felt. Nothing mattered, because in the world where strength reigned supreme, the reign of Supremes was absolute.

Since they were the strongest.

Their strength was so tyrannical, in fact, that even the most exalted warriors of humanity could not dare to dream of resisting their rule — otherwise, half of the warriors in both great armies would have stayed home instead of following the Sovereigns to Godgrave.

There were plenty of dissidents among the soldiers,and among the Saints, too — like Tyris and Roan of the White Feather clan. The longer the war continued and the more lives it claimed, the more the disillusionment within the great armies spread… like pressure building in a tank.

However, the Sovereigns were too strong, and could not be defied. There was no vent to release the pressure, and so, the pressure only grew.

Or rather, there had not been. Until today.

What Nephis, Sunny, and Cassie had done was more than simply change the nature of one battle. They had also shown people a... a glimpse of hope. A vision of the future where someone was, in fact, strong enough to challenge the Supremes. A possibility.

Granted…

It was all, of course, nothing but a lie — a treacherous bluff concocted to deceive the people. Because they still had no real way of defeating the Sovereigns, only a determination to find one.

Still, as far as grand acts of treachery and deceit went, this one had been performed quite wonderfully.

The plan had worked very well.

And that was exactly the problem.

Nephis looked at Sunny silently, but it was Cassie who spoke.

"It did go well. Too well, really."

So, it seemed that they had come to the same conclusion as him.

Sunny had anticipated that the Sword Army would win the battle — they were themselves warriors of the Sword Army, after all. However, the defeat of the enemy was too decisive, too crushing.

The losses of the Song Army were too dire when compared to the losses of the Sword Domain. That, he had not expected.

Everything seemed to have happened exactly how the King of Swords had wanted it to happen…

Which meant that the King had known what Nephis would do far in advance.

Did he also know why she had done it?

What was her true intention?

What was her goal?

Sunny could not help but feel ill at ease.

He looked at Nephis, lingered for a moment, and then asked:

"How much does he really trust you? How much does he distrust you? What has his demeanor been like in these past few years,when he interacted with you?"

It had been… more than five years — six for for Sunny because of the Tomb of Ariel — since Clan Valor adopted Nephis. Her status within the royal clan was honestly quite strange. On one hand, she had been kept at a distance and mistreated by the elders of Valor, who almost seemed keen on getting her killed.

On the other hand, Anvil himself had shown her quite a bit of grace, even making her the nominal commander of the Sword Army after sending Morgan away.

Their relationship was ambiguous, and since the man almost never showed human emotions, Sunny could not even guess what was happening in his head.

Under the iron crown.

Nephis remained silent for a few moments, staring at him evenly.

Then, she suddenly said:

"...It's unpleasant to talk to you when you are wearing a mask."

Sunny blinked.

What was that, all of a sudden?

Was she trying to say that she wanted to see his face?

Nephis seemed a little surprised by her response, as well. She frowned slightly, then shook her head.

"It is hard to tell. He keeps most people at a distance. His heart is a mystery… if he even has one. Still, with me, he was a bit different. Almost… sentimental? No, hardly. Maybe curious. I thought that the attention he was paying me was minimal, but Morgan seemed surprised. As if it was much more than what he paid to everyone else."

She hesitated for a bit, then added evenly:

"It is because of my mother, I think. He spoke of her a couple of times."

So… general weirdness, but nothing that alluded to distrust or suspicion. Quite the contrary, actually.

Of course, one had to remember that the Sovereigns had insistently tried to assassinate Nephis in the past, when she had no value.

Sunny sighed, unsure what to think.

He still felt uncomfortable speaking openly about their secrets, even with Cassie's enchantments protecting them from being spied on. So, he tried to remain as vague as possible.

In the end,he simply said:

"I think it is better if we assume the worst."




***
Chapter 2026: Escalation


***






"I think it is better if we assume the worst."

The worst being that Anvil had known all along about the irreconcilable hatred Nephis had harbored towards him and Ki Song, and was fully expecting her to try taking revenge on them at some point.

Perhaps he simply did not care, not even considering her a threat. Perhaps he did not mind making use of Nephis and her talents before eventually disposing of her.

In any case, today's events were bound to change things.

Cassie frowned.

"...Our timetable needs to be accelerated, then."

She was right.

They had to hurry, anyway.

Now that the Song Army had lost a decisive battle, it would be pushed back off the Breastbone Reach. The power of Ki Song's Domain would diminish, and Anvil would gain an advantage — which was a problem.

In truth, today's battle had brought another benefit to Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie… albeit quite a morbid one. 

Even though they had hoped that far fewer Saints would perish, in the end, the actual number was quite high. Which meant that both Domains had grown weaker today — many Citadels stood without masters now, and there was no one left alive to claim them. So, in the final confrontation, both Anvil and Ki Song would not be as powerful as they had been the day before.

However, this loss had affected the Queen of Worms disproportionately. It was to the point where the King of Swords could very well decide to challenge her before the remaining Citadels in Godgrave were conquered, if given reason to believe that Revel's expedition would succeed.

So, the situation was both highly unstable and fraught with peril. They could not be cautious or patient anymore.

Worst of all… Sunny and Nephis were not anywhere close to figuring out how to attain Supremacy, still. There had been some progress, but nothing they could bet their lives on.

And with the pace of war suddenly changing, he was not sure that they would be able to solve the puzzle in time.

Fighting the Sovereigns as Saints it was, then?

Remembering the sight of the sea of swords falling from the sky, Sunny gritted his teeth.

Why did it matter, though?

There had been two opinions on how to kill the Sovereigns from the very start.

Nephis believed that the only way to defeat them was to become Supreme themselves.

While Sunny… Sunny believed more in the tried and tested method of waiting for the enemies to weaken each other, and then stabbing them in the back.

Now, their chances of attaining Supremacy in time seemed slim.

But on top of that, their element of surprise seemed to be gone, which meant that it would not be easy to strike the enemy in the back.

Things did not look good.

He sighed.

"I take it back. Things are way worse than what we assumed was the worst."

He needed to forge Neph's sword.

He needed to make the final preparations for the battle against the Sovereigns… luckily, Nightmare had been working hard all this time.

He also needed to learn what had happened to Rain during the battle.

And...

Cassie shifted slightly and faced him.

Her voice sounded grim:

"We'll have to have a conversation with Saint Jest soon."

Sunny remained silent for a moment, then nodded.

After that, Cassie seemed to struggle with something for a while.

Eventually, she turned to Nephis and said in a hesitant tone:

"There is a… countermeasure we can use to slow things down."

Nephis simply raised an eyebrow.

Cassie lingered for a bit before adding quietly:

"It's about our friends in a faraway place."

Hearing that, Sunny couldn't help but frown.

She was talking about Effie, Kai, and Jet, of course.

At the beginning of the war, the Song Domain had gained a tremendous advantage by unleashing Mordret upon the world. Therefore, to make sure that the Sovereigns thoroughly exhausted each other's power, a correction had to be made.

So, Jet had been tasked with subtly influencing the government when Morgan inevitably came knocking on the door. Then,she joined the Princess of War with Effie and Kai to hold the Prince of Nothing back... thus prevent him from conquering the Sword Domain while the King was waging war in the north.

They had been desperately defending Bastion all this time.

But now…

The situation was different.

Anvil had turned the tables on the Queen of Worms, and it was the Song Domain that seemed to be at a dire disadvantage.

So, if Bastion fell in Mordret's hands, the equilibrium could be restored.

It was just that they all knew what kind of monster Mordret was.

Sunny did not like the idea of surrendering Bastion to him one bit. In fact, he was vehemently against it.

Too many people he liked and valued were living there, on the shore of the beautiful lake.

However, in the end, it was up to Nephis.

So, he stared at her silently, wondering what decision she would make.

…And what he would do about that decision.

Nephis remained silent for a while, no human emotion visible in her cold, grey eyes.

He suddenly felt chilly despite the suffocating heat enveloping Godgrave.

Finally, Nephis glanced at him, frowning briefly at the sight of his mask, and shook her head.

"No. We won't be troubling our friends."

Sunny was both surprised and a bit relieved.

He had expected a ruthless and pragmatic answer, but Nephis seemed reluctant to surrender Bastion to Mordret, too.

He couldn't help but ask:

"Why?"

She looked at him impassively for a while, then smiled faintly.

"Because it would leave a bad taste in my mouth. I... dislike compromises."

With that, Nephis rose and inhaled deeply.

"Come. He will want to see us soon."

She had disobeyed the King's order.

And now, it was time to receive the punishment for her defiance.

Sunny hoped that it wouldn't be too harsh…

But, at the same time, he hoped that it would.

Because their web of deceit was not finished yet. One final performance remained.

The harsher Nephis was punished, the more indignant the people whom she had saved would feel.

And the more indignant they felt, the more her grasp on their hearts would tighten…




***
Chapter 2027: Godheart


***






Godheart…

That was the word Rain heard being spoken around the camp of the battered Seventh Legion. The calamitous battle between the two great armies had taken place in the central part of the Breastbone Reach, right above where the dead god's heart would have been.

Hence, people were calling it the Battle of Godheart.

As fitting of a name as any, really. There had been nothing divine about that damn battle, but many hearts had been scarred and broken in its maw.

The camp of the Seventh Legion was noticeably emptier than it had been before.

Their own little corner of it was, too… luckily, not because the cohort had sustained losses. It was simply because Fleur had been called upon to help treat the wounded, and Ray was keeping her company.

So, Rain and Tamar were left alone.

Rain prepared dinner while Tamar went about her centurion duties. With that done, they ate in silence and then fell asleep on the spot, too exhausted — both mentally and physically — to even hide from the oppressive radiance of the overcast sky in their tents.

They did not have a lot of time to rest.

As soon as the worn-out soldiers were able to march, the Song Army was going to abandon the temporary camp and retreat north, toward the Collarbone Plain. The Sword Army would most likely pursue… so, the march was promising to be tough and unforgiving. 

A few hours later, Rain and Tamar were woken up by Fleur and Ray, who had returned from the field hospital. The delicate healer looked like someone on the verge of suffering essence exhaustion, and her stealthy boyfriend was not much better.

Rain yawned, rubbed her eyes, then pushed the half-full pot of army stew toward them.

"Here… eat."

Ray gave her a nod of gratitude and sat down. Fleur, meanwhile, glanced at Tamar.

"Your father is looking for you. He's in the field hospital."

Noticing Tamar's sharp gaze, she put a hand on her shoulder and added in a soothing tone:

"His wounds were serious, but he is doing well now. Don't worry."

Tamar lingered for a moment, then nodded and rose to her feet.

Rain did not have anything better to do, so she decided to follow the young Legacy.

The two of them walked through the camp of the Seventh Legion, eventually crossing into the avenue separating it from other divisions of the Song Army. As they walked, they could hear the soldiers talking about the battle in numb, subdued voices.

Some were sharing their fears and concerns about the retreat and the future prospects of the Song Army. Most, however, were talking about Changing Star…

And the Lord of Shadows.

Rain threw a brief glance at her shadow, feeling a little strange.

She had witnessed the clash between her brother and the seven Saints of Song. The fury of it, the chilling scale, the destruction…

Despite his reassurance, she had been worried sick while watching, clenching her fists and forgetting to breathe. It had been such a strange situation to find herself in — the Lord of Shadows was one of the enemy champions, after all, and yet, she could not help but root for him instead of her own side.

At the end, his towering figure crumbled into darkness, and the battle continued on a much smaller, human scale. So, Rain had not seen how it ended, but she learned the result soon.

Her brother had defeated the seven Saints, including three of the Queen's daughters. Crushed them, really.

He had also killed six Saints — one with his own hands, five more with the help of his servants.

No wonder people could not stop talking about him, shivering in fear as they shared the details of the bloody clash.

Rain herself felt obligated to feel frightened.

…Of course, she couldn't. The image of her whimsical, grumpy, and quietly caring brother was the opposite of terrifying. How could she be afraid of someone who made her delicious, puffy pancakes to celebrate a successful hunt?

She wondered what the soldiers of the Song Army would think if they learned that the great and terrible Lord of Shadows was in the habit of making her nutritious breakfasts.

'I'd better keep it to myself…'

The field hospital was not far, but it still took some time for Rain and Tamar to reach it.

Neither of them was in the mood to talk, and they had not spoken a word about the battle to each other.

As they walked, however, Tamar glanced at Rain and hesitated for a few moments.

"Are you okay?"

Rain raised an eyebrow.

Of course, she wasn't okay.

None of them were.

...Nevertheless, she forced out a grin.

"Sure. Why?"

Tamar frowned a little.

"You just seem… unlike yourself, somehow."

Rain remained silent for a while, then shrugged with a helpless smile.

"You noticed, huh? Yeah… I don't know. I guess I just feel a bit weird today."

She couldn't quite explain it, but there was indeed something different about her ever since the conclusion of the battle. It was subtle and almost imperceptible, neither physical nor spiritual… but it was definitely there, at the heart of her being.

They reached the field hospital. It was an enormous canvas pavilion permeated with the stench of blood and sweat — the scene inside was like a painting of hell, but luckily, it wasn't as bad as it could have been.

Many of the wounded in the center of the battlefield had been miraculously healed by the white flames of Lady Nephis. Of those that remained, the heavier cases had been treated by the Awakened healers already… it was just that there weren't that many potent healers in the world, and those that belonged to the Song Army did not have endless essence.

So, the soldiers who had received relatively minor wounds could only wait while being treated by mundane medics.

Rain grimaced and tried not to cover her nose.

The officers were being treated in a separate space inside the pavilion. She stayed back, letting Tamar go inside alone, and waited patiently near the entrance.

However,she could still hear some of the conversation between her friend and her father, the Saint of Sorrow.

"...I heard that you met Telle of the White Feather clan."

Oh, so that was the name of the beautiful Feather Knight. No wonder she was so troublesome.

"Yes… I lost."

Tamar's restrained voice betrayed a hint of dejection. The Saint of Sorrow seemed to chuckle before saying calmly:

"That is alright. I lost, too."

There was a long stretch of silence, and then he added with a sigh.

"It is strange, isn't it? The Lord of Shadows had saved my daughter's life, but today, I went into battle intending to kill him. Changing Star is meant to be one of the greatest threats to the Song Domain, but today, she healed and saved our soldiers…"

Rain did not hear the rest, because at that moment, a quiet whisper resounded in her mind.

[Hey… I need to talk to you.]

She hesitated for a moment.

[Talk, then? I'm listening.]

However, her shadow shifted slightly in the trembling light of a luminous Memory, as if shaking its head.

[No, not here. Go find somewhere private.]

Rain sighed.

Was she going to be swallowed by that weird cottage again?

But she did not really mind.

Perhaps her brother would be able to explain the subtle change that had happened to her on the battlefield…




***
Chapter 2028: Clandestine Meeting


***






It was not easy to find privacy in the temporary camp of the Song Army. There was no night in Godgrave, and unlike in the city-like main camp, there were no permanent structures and deserted alleys here.

Still, there was also less security and fewer watchmen. The order had hardly been restored in the aftermath of the battle, and most soldiers were either asleep or resting.

The funeral rite for the fallen was going to begin soon, too, which gave Rain a chance to slip away unnoticed.

She found a desolate space hidden between a row of empty tents and the outer palisade, hiding in its cool shadow. A moment later, she felt herself being pulled into the darkness, and experienced the familiar sensation of being transported somewhere else.

Only, this time, there was no quaint brick cottage waiting for her on the other end of the journey.

Instead, she found herself in the Hollows, with her brother standing by her side.

The ancient jungle sprawled around them, brimming with a myriad of scents, rustles, and harrowing perils. Rain could not help but shudder, remembering the doomed march to the Collarbone Citadel. The gruesome scenes of people being devoured by the jungle surfaced in her mind, making her feel nauseated.

There were no trees or vines close to her, at least. They were standing in the middle of a large clearing, with only the scarlet moss covering the surface of the ancient bone. It was a relief, but…

They weren't alone in the clearing.

Not too far away from, the corpse of an appalling abomination lay on the ground, seeping blood into the scarlet moss. Next to it were two figures.

One was a man in a fearsome onyx armor, his face hidden behind an eerie mask of black polished wood… the Lord of Shadows.

Rain blinked a couple of times, stared at him for a few moments, then glanced at her brother.

No, but how… were they really the same person?

If she did not know the truth, she would have never believed it.

Her brother was a young man of modest stature, with a slender build and delicate features. He was not quite flimsy, but no one would call him physically imposing either. He wore simple clothes and wielded no weapons.

The Lord of Shadows, meanwhile… actually, strangely enough, it was difficult to tell what his height was. Nevertheless, he seemed to tower above everything, as if his mere presence made the world smaller. His battered onyx armor made it impossible to see him as anything except a deadly warrior, and his menacing mask was chilling to look at, pools of impenetrable darkness nestling in its eyes.

More than that, their very presence was different.

Her brother emanated an easygoing, relaxed, and joyful feeling. He was quick to smile, and his dark eyes often glistened with wry humor.

The Lord of Shadow, though, was the epitome of aloof and threatening. His gaze, his bearing, the subtle slant of his shoulders… all of it expressed cold indifference, ruthlessness, and arrogance.

This was indeed a person who could slaughter Saints and laugh as he did so.

Rain was taken aback for a moment.

'Well… it makes sense.'

Her brother was living several lives at the same time while hiding that fact. Naturally, he would need to develop sublime acting skills to pull off this scheme — otherwise, there would be no point in hiding his true identity.

She couldn't help but wonder which of his incarnations was the real one, though. The warm and joyful one she knew, or the cold and unfamiliar slayer standing in front of her?

For all Rain knew, the guy running a restaurant in Bastion could be the true face of her brother!

As great as her shock at seeing two versions of him was, there was someone else who immediately stole all her attention.

Because the Lord of Shadows was not alone.

Next to him… stood a breathtakingly beautiful woman.

Her beauty was so lovely and exquisite that Rain felt utterly stunned for a moment, barely able to think. The woman wore a white tunic and a seawave cloak, her hair falling down like a cascade of pale gold…

Her eyes were hidden behind a blindfold, but Rain remembered how they looked very well.

After all, she had met this beautiful Saint before.

It was Lady Cassia, Song of the Fallen.

'What… what… what is Lady Cassia doing here?'

Logically, it made sense. The Lord of Shadows and Song of the Fallen were both members of the Sword Army, after all — so, it was only reasonable to assume that they knew each other.

Still, Rain was utterly shocked to meet her here.

She suddenly felt self-conscious and uncomfortable… ashamed, even.

It was because Lady Nephis and the members of her cohort had shown Rain great kindness before, but now, she was fighting on the side of their enemies. There was no reason for her to feel shame — her decision to join the Song Army had been dictated by the desire to protect her friends and neighbors against the invading forces of the Sword Domain, after all, and that decision was still valid.

But emotions were not always reasonable, and so, Rain couldn't help but feel as if she had betrayed the benevolence of the beautiful woman in front of her.

'...Why did he bring her here?'

Shifting from one foot to another, Rain looked at her brother hesitantly.

He smiled.

"Don't worry. She is my… partner in crime, I guess."

Hearing that, lady Cassie tilted her head a little.

Rain's brother chuckled.

"Rain, Cassie… you two should already know each other, right?"

Rain remained silent for a moment, then nodded.

Then, she flinched and hurriedly voiced her answer aloud:

"Oh… yes. It is nice to see you again after all this time, Saint Cassia."

The beautiful Saint smiled softly…

Rain was more or less convinced that entire kingdoms could be toppled by that smile.

"It is nice to meet you again as well, Rain."

Her eyes shook a little.

'...She actually remembers me?'

Her brother, meanwhile, looked at the Lord of Shadows and scoffed.

"Anyway. I asked Cassie to help me figure out a few things about your Awakening. The two armies are relatively close to each other at the moment, so that fool over there carried her here to take a look at you."

The Lord of Shadows answered in a cold, menacing tone:

"Who are you calling a fool, you fool?"

Rain stared at the two of them with a strange expression.

No, but were they really… really the same person?




***
Chapter 2029: Fortune Telling


***






Sunny allowed the Lord of Shadows to turn back into a shadow after exchanging a round of insults with himself.

Released from his control, the haughty, naughty, creepy, and crazy guys glided across the floor and wrapped themselves around him, seemingly satisfied to be reunited with their happy sibling after being apart for so long.

Far away in the main camp of the Sword Army, the gloomy shadow turned its head and threw a resentful glance at Master Sunless.

Why was everyone getting together while he alone was stuck keeping company to this…

Sunny ignored the ingrate.

In any case, there was a reason for why he did not want to keep the Lord of Shadows manifested — his reserves of essence were depleted after the recent battle, so there was no point in wasting more of it than necessary on maintaining an additional avatar. Carrying Cassie with Shadow Stop had already taken a relatively considerable toll.

But it was necessary.

In truth, she did not have to meet Rain in person to use her Dormant Ability and tell Sunny what she saw — after all, the blind seer had been helping him and the other members of the cohort from a distance throughout the war.

But Rain was a bit special, being that she was a human Awakened who did not carry the Nightmare Spell. It was also easier for Cassie to learn about a being when she was close to them…

Considering how important it was to understand Rain's situation, Sunny decided to pull out all the stops.

He glanced at the corpse of the Nightmare Creature laying in the middle of the clearing. The abomination had been stalking this area of the Hollows, so he eliminated it in advance to make sure that nothing could disturb them.

Cassie had already drawn the runes around the clearing, as well, using the soul shards harvested from the abomination as the power source. This place was halfway between the Song camp and the Sword camp, equally distant from both Sovereigns.

Hopefully, no one would learn what he was going to hear.

Rain, meanwhile, seemed to have noticed the enchanted lines of the runic circle and studied it with interest.

"What is that?"

Cassie answered after a moment of hesitation:

"It's a runic enchantment to ward off various kinds of unwanted attention."

Rain glanced at her with a subtle hint of amusement.

"...There are different kinds of unwanted attention?"

The blind seer nodded.

"Of course. There are natural senses, Memories with monitoring functions, sorcery, special Aspect Abilities, divination powers…"

As the list went on, Rain blinked.

"Wait, what do you mean by runic enchantment? How does that work?"

Cassie pointed to the subtly shimmering essence lines.

"Runic sorcery is the most widely known and easily accessible school of sorcery, similar to Shaping, but…"

Sunny interrupted her with a dry cough.

"We don't really have time for a lecture on the basics of sorcery, sorry. Let's get to business."

Rain looked a little disappointed for a moment, then looked at him with a hint of hesitation.

"Alright. So… what do I do?"

He smiled.

"You don't need to do anything. Just stand there and let Cassie take a good look at you."

His sister's expression froze.

"S—sunny! Phrasing!"

Cassie, meanwhile, chuckled.

"Don't worry, Rain. I'm used to it."

With that, she approached the young woman and faced her. If not for her blue blindfold, it would have looked as if she was looking Rain in the eyes.

Sunny suddenly felt nervous.

Cassie's Dormant Ability allowed her to read the runes of a living being. Now that she was a Saint, she could gain quite a deep insight into who they were, what Memories they wielded, what powers they possessed… in fact, she could more or less learn everything about the person except for their Flaw.

Of course, her true power was to gain insight, not to read runes. The runes that all Awakened saw — except for Rain — were just a handy instrument created by the Spell, and therefore, the runes that Cassie could read when using her Dormant Ability were merely the Spell translating the knowledge she had gained into a more familiar language.

A convenient modification of Cassie's own power, just like creating Shadows with fragments and nurturing them by sacrificing Memories had been for Sunny.

Therefore, he was not sure what Cassie would see when looking at Rain.

Would the Spell still translate the mystical insight into easily accessible runes, like it did for the Awakened and the Nightmare Creatures the blind seer examined? Or would she have to fathom the depths of Rain's soul herself?

And what would she see?

By all accounts, Rain was only supposed to possess a single Attribute… maybe two. Sunny himself had only possessed one innate Attribute — [Fated] — before undergoing the First Nightmare, after all.

His other two Attributes, [Child of Shadows] and [Mark of Divinity], had come from the nameless temple slave whose body he had taken in the Nightmare. Similarly, he had also received the [Temple Slave] Aspect from him, which then evolved into his true Aspect… Shadow Slave.

But Rain had never undergone the First Nightmare.

She had learned to sense and control her essence first, and then Awakened by forming a soul core herself. So, unless she had done something to develop them, there was nowhere for additional Attributes to come from. Only her innate Attribute was supposed to be there… whatever it was.

She would not possess an Aspect, either. Unlike the carriers of the Nightmare Spell, the original Awakened had to find and unseal their Aspect themselves — many never did. Neither did they find their Flaws.

Those were only required if one wished to attain Transcendence and make the first step into the realm of divinity.

Therefore, all that Cassie was supposed to see was an innate Attribute — if Rain had one — and her Memories… perhaps the [Mark of Shadows], as well.

But something had happened to Rain on that battlefield.

Sunny was not sure how she changed, but he could feel it. Something had shifted inside Rain once she chose to spare Telle of White Feather, and that change was persisting still.

So…

Had she unsealed her Aspect?

After a while, he glanced at Cassie.

The blind seer took a deep breath, then frowned, and subtly shook her head.




***
Chapter 2030: Runs in the Family


***






So, not an Aspect.

Sunny was not really disappointed — in fact, he had not expected Rain to unseal her Aspect so soon — but he was a little concerned.

If not that, then what?

One disturbing possibility came to mind… that Rain had been infected with a seed of Corruption in the middle of that damned battle. After all, from what he could tell, most of the people who became carriers of the Spell had some reason for why their souls were fertile soil for the Nightmare to take root.

And what better reason could there be than the appalling terror of the Godheart Battle?

Still, he had already studied Rain's soul, searching for any sign of encroaching Corruption. It was pure and pristine, just as it had been before… in fact, if anything, it seemed more whole than it had ever been before.

Sunny looked at Cassie somberly.

She took a step back, faced Rain, and smiled faintly.

"First, allow me to congratulate you, Rain... it seems that you have a True Name."

Sunny froze for a moment.

Was that it? She received a True Name?

Did that mean...

However, at that moment, Cassie shook her head subtly again, as if having read his thoughts.

"In fact, you have had it for some time, already. If I were to wager a guess, I'd say that you earned it during your Awakening… a name is a tool of distinction, after all, and there is hardly a more distinguished feat than becoming an Awakened by yourself in an age when everyone else carries the Nightmare Spell."

Rain blinked a couple of times, then threw a sideways glance at Sunny.

"...You told her?"

He coughed.

Right. Cassie was not entirely a stranger, but she was also not someone Rain knew well. It would feel strange to learn that many of her secrets had been shared with a distant acquaintance.

However, it was really not his fault.

"It's not that I told her… it's just that Cassie has a way of knowing things. It's better to just make peace with it."

Rain stared at him for a few moments, then turned back to the blind seer. Her chin rose a little, and she asked while trying to suppress her excitement:

"Oh… okay. Well, anyway — so, what is it? My True Name?"

Cassie remained silent for a few moments, which caused Rain's expression to grow worried.

"Wait! It's not… something stupid like Not So Funny Anymore, is it?"

The blind seer chuckled, then shook her head.

"I am sure that it's not. It's just that… much of your being is a puzzle to me. Usually, I see things much clearer — but today, I need to interpret the insights myself. Therefore, although I gained an understanding of your True Name, it is going to take me some time to decipher it."

She hesitated, and then glanced at Sunny.

"I'll need your help, as well. And Nephis too."

He scratched the back of his head.

That… actually made sense. If the Spell was not translating the insight Cassie gained into a convenient collection of runes, then interpreting a True Name was no easy task. In fact, it was an entirely new kind of challenge.

However, he was sure that they could solve it in a few days. Cassie possessed the knowledge, Sunny was a master of dead languages, and Nephis was a talented Shaper — she had more experience dealing with True Names of things than both of them combined.

Rain sighed in disappointment.

"Oh…"

Sunny wanted to sigh, too.

If Rain had gained her True Name during or as a result of her Awakening, then he still had no idea what happened to her during the battle.

Feeling his tension, Cassie turned her head slightly and smiled.

"I also saw your Memories. It's quite an impressive collection, for a young Awakened. It's just that…"

She was talking to Rain, but facing Sunny.

"...The Green Canteen? Safety First? Really?"

Then, she pursed her lips.

"And what is up with those descriptions?!"

Sunny scowled, feeling as if he had been unjustly slighted.

"What? Those are great names! Short and to the point!"

Cassie let out a heavy sigh and shook her head again.

After remaining silent for a few moments, she spoke again:

"You also seem to possess three Attributes, Rain."

Three… that was more than Sunny had expected.

The blind seer continued:

"One is related to affinity to shadows, and is… somewhat external, I think. It should be the result of the Mark of Shadows. The second one, though, is quite a surprise."

Sunny raised his eyebrow, listening intently.

Cassie hesitated a little, as if choosing the right words.

"It has to do with… names, I think. And power. In short, I suspect that you possess a rare talent — an affinity to Shaping, the most ancient kind of sorcery."

Rain seemed stunned.

Sunny was quite surprised, too.

'So Rain's primary talent… doesn't even have anything to do with combat? She is meant to be a sorceress?'

Why had he been forcing her to hunt Nightmare Creatures all that time, then?!

No, no... a sorceress or not, she still needed to know how to defend herself. So, he had nothing to feel sorry about.

He remained motionless for a moment.

'Damn, does sorcery run in our family or something?'

One fact could not be denied anymore, though…

Sadly, it seemed that their mother's poetic talent had been passed on to Rain in its entirety, leaving nothing for Sunny.

That could explain his own lack of naming sense, at least!

Rain finally came to her senses, lowering her head to stare at the runic circle Cassie had created.

"Sorcery? Well… wow. That sounds fancy."

With that, she turned to Sunny and grinned.

"You said you were a sorcerer too. Can you teach me?"

Sunny smiled awkwardly and shook his head.

"Shaping is very different from the kind of sorcery I practice. They share some basics, but not enough to qualify me as a teacher. In truth… actually, I tried to learn the Sorcery of Names on many occasions. But it was all useless. I just don't have the talent for it — and unlike runic sorcery, one has to be born a Shaper."

He paused for a moment, then added:

"Don't worry, though. I already have a teacher in mind…"

Nephis knew more about Shaping than anyone he had ever met, with the exception of Ananke. So, there was no better person to teach Rain than her.

It would be quite a hassle to arrange the lessons, sadly…

But if Rain did learn at least the very basics of Shaping, it would be a great boon to her. It would also mask her lack of an Aspect perfectly.

Finally, he looked at Cassie.

"What about the third Attribute?"

She lingered for a while, then frowned slightly.

"That one, I'll have to ponder on it a bit longer. All I can say now is that it has to do with Rain's soul, as well as its connection to the world. Both are… quite special."

Sunny scowled.

His sister wasn't…

Cassie interrupted his thoughts once again:

"Don't worry. It is entirely different from the Attribute you used to possess."

He let out a sigh of relief.

The last thing Sunny wanted was to learn that Rain was Fated, just like he had been.

That damn Attribute had brought him so much pain and sorrow that he would not wish it on his worst enemy.

In fact, he would not wish it on any enemy. A Fated enemy would be a real nightmare to deal with!

Rain seemed both excited and curious. Eventually, though, she simply smiled.

"So… I have a True Name, a talent for sorcery, and am quite a special person on top of that. Oh, and I am also a real Legacy — a princess of the Shadow Clan, no less. Ha! Am I not a lucky girl?"

With that, she looked at the frayed and bloodied fabric of the Puppeteer's Shroud and grimaced.

"What the hell, why am I in such a sorry state then?"

Glancing at Sunny, she pursed her lips.

"Then again, princesses are not faring too well these days. I hear three of them were beaten half to death by some vicious scoundrel today."

Sunny coughed, ignored the jav, and looked at Cassie.

"Anything else?"

She slowly shook her head.

"Nothing that I can see."

He sighed.

That made it easier, then.

If the change that had happened to Rain was not connected to her Aspect or her True Name…

Then it only left one possibility.

Something that even Cassie could not see… at least not yet, as a Saint.

It seemed that Rain had attained her Flaw.




***
Chapter 2031: Blessings of the Cursed


***






Sunny quietly wondered what to do next.

He had hoped for a different conclusion — but of course, the actual issue just had to be the only thing that Cassie was unable to see. Nothing could ever be easy.

Rain's very own Flaw…

He sighed.

In and of itself, attaining a Flaw was not a bad thing. Sure, most people saw Flaws as curses bestowed upon them by the Nightmare Spell to balance out the awesome powers they received. But he had lived long enough, and had seen enough, to know that it was not entirely true.

Firstly, Flaws did not come from the Spell — it just helped Awakened find them, just like it helped Awakened unseal their Aspects.

Secondly, Flaws were the manifestation of one of the absolute laws of existence, the law of imperfection, which had been created by the gods as one of the weapons — perhaps the last weapon — in their war against the Void.

Albeit cruel, Flaws were meant to help those who accepted their burden grow. Life was a struggle, after all, and perfect things could never improve. They were still and unchanging, which was no different from being dead.

That was what Ananke had said, and despite wanting to protest these words, Sunny could not disagree due to his own experience.

So, Flaws were more benign than malignant in nature… or at least they were supposed to be.

They were still no different from a curse for people suffering their cruelty, though.

Sunny remembered a few of the more terrible Flaws he had encountered. Nephis, Cassie, and himself… these Flaws were terrible enough, and they weren't even the most appalling.

He remembered how Caster had looked right before dying. That Flaw was quite dire, albeit also quite easily avoided — all the person cursed by it had to do was to forsake their Aspect powers.

Of course, if Caster had been someone willing to abandon his pride and sense of duty to his clan, he would not have been given such a Flaw.

Sunny also remembered Dorn, whose continuously growing body would have eventually killed him, collapsing under its own weight.

He remembered Jet.

And many others...

His expression turned somber.

Yes, from the point of view of a god, a Flaw wasn't a curse. But from the point of view of a human, it could very well be.

So, knowing that Rain had unexpectedly found hers did nothing to calm his nerves.

'What can it be?'

Sunny tried not to let his imagination come up with terrifying answers and shifted his attention to something more important — finding a way to actually learn what Rain's Flaw was.

It was not unsolvable.

Flaws were never random, after all. They were also deeply connected to who the people cursed by them were, having to do with something fundamental about them.

Sometimes, a Flaw would be in direct opposition to the very core of a person's identity. Sometimes, it would take something they held dear and twist it in a hideous way. Sometimes, a Flaw had nothing to do with one's personality, but was instead connected to the nature of one's power, or even their fate…

In any case, it was not impossible to simply deduce a Flaw as long as you knew that person well enough.

And there were few people in the world who knew Rain better than Sunny did.

He studied her for a few moments, then said in a pensive tone:

"Tell me exactly what happened back then. How it happened from your point of view, I mean."

Rain suddenly seemed embarrassed. Her lively expression dimmed, and she looked away

"Well…"

Her voice sounded hesitant.

Eventually, Rain sighed and shrugged.

"It was all like a nightmare. I had never killed a person, you know? At least… I don't think I had. But then I clashed with that girl, Telle of White Feather, and it was either her or me."

She grew quiet and turned her face away.

"In the end, I managed to overpower her, and all that remained was to drive a knife into her neck. But I sort of… was a bit out of it, and could not really understand what for. Why must I kill her? That was what I thought. In fact, I felt deeply disgusted by… all of it."

Rain grimaced and shook her head.

"It was stupid and cowardly, I know. If I was in a better state, I would have remembered that sparing her life meant risking not only my own, but also that of Tamar… and others. But, well, I wasn't. All I knew was that I didn't want to kill her, and so, I made a choice not to."

She sighed again.

"And, to be honest… it felt like the right choice. It still does. Of course, that might just be because Lady Nephis arrived before I could pay for my mistake."

Sunny stared at her, thinking.

He had witnessed the fight between Rain and Telle, as well. More than that, he had been embracing Rain as a shadow throughout the battle, so he had felt everything she had.

So, he had his own impression of what had happened, too.

Sunny knew Rain. He knew what event had become the catalyst of her Flaw.

And he also knew how the world usually worked, as well.

So, if he imagined the worst possible outcome considering all that…

His gaze darkened.

There was a seed of a very uncomfortable idea taking root in his mind.

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then glanced at Rain and said:

"Summon your bow."

She seemed confused, but outstretched her hand and called upon the Beast of Prey. Cassie tilted her head a little, as if confused by his request.

Meanwhile, the shadows at the edges of the clearing stirred.

Soon, there was the sound of buzzing, and an abominable insect that resembled an oversized mosquito flew into the clearing, as if trying to escape something.

However, it did not manage to fly far.

An inky-black hand rose from the ground, catching it between its fingers. Sharp claws cut the creature's wings and pierced its body — just deep enough to prevent the vermin from escaping, but not to kill it.

That was Rain's job.

Looking at her, Sunny lingered for a moment, then said:

"Go on, shoot it."

She studied the desperately struggling mosquito, then nocked an arrow on the string of her bow.

And froze, not doing anything.

Sunny frowned.

"What are you doing? Hurry up and kill it!"

But Rain remained motionless, simply holding her bow and looking at the abominable thing.

Eventually, she lowered her gaze.

"...I can't."

Sunny's frown deepened.

"What do you mean, you can't? Are you still out of sorts because of the battle? Listen, I can understand why you spared Telle… I'm glad that you did, actually. But that was a person. This is an abomination."

Rain looked at him, her face terrible pale.

"No, you don't get it. I can't."

She trembled.

"My hand won't move. I tell it to draw the string, but nothing happens."

A moment later, she moved the bow to the side, drew it, and sent the arrow flying — it whistled past the vermin without doing any damage to it and disappeared into the jungle.

Rain looked at her hand, frightened and confused.

Sunny stared at his sister with wide eyes.

Then, his face fell.

"...Crap."




***
Chapter 2032: These Three Words


***






Sunny had hoped that his initial guess was wrong.

Perhaps there was a limit to Rain's Flaw… something like only being unable to kill those who were defenseless, weaker than her, or maybe those who did not represent a fatal threat.

Perhaps it was even dependent on whether she believed that the enemy deserved to die… although that one had been disproven almost immediately, since there was no sane reason to show mercy to a Nightmare Creature.

However, after capturing a few more abominations and forcing Rain to confront them, he had to admit the shocking truth.

[You cannot kill.]

Sunny was not the Nightmare Spell, but if he were, he would have described her Flaw with these three words.

As the truth dawned upon the three people gathered on the clearing, they remained silent for a while, each trying to cope with the stunning revelation.

Sunny felt as if he had been smacked in the head with something heavy.

He was dismayed.

'What kind of Flaw is that?!'

He had seen many cruel Flaws, but none that were as restrictive and ridiculous as this one.

It was one thing to be unable to kill people…

It was a completely different thing to be unable to kill anything in this perilous, dying world, where every day was a desperate struggle for survival.

Where Nightmare Gates were opening in the middle of peaceful cities, unspeakable horrors stirred at the borders of human enclaves, and the cradle of humanity was being slowly consumed by the Dream Realm piece by piece.

Not to mention that they were in the middle of a damn Realm War!

Suppressing a desire to groan, he brushed his hair back and forced out a mildly reassuring smile.

"...Don't fret about it. So, you can't kill anything. Who cares? Most people in the world don't go around killing things, anyway. Not only mundane people, but many Awakened too. Take Aiko, for example… she had not summoned a combat Memory in years."

Granted, Aiko was only able to stay away from bloodshed because she had already spilled enough blood on the Forgotten Shore. If she had been sent there while unable to defend herself, she would not have survived long.

And she also had him around, which was no small part of it.

Rain, who was sitting on the ground with a lost expression, raised her head and stared at him.

"Aren't you forgetting something?"

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"What?"

She lingered for a moment, and then gritted her teeth.

"I'm a damn soldier! I am an Awakened member of the Song Army! We're at war!"

Rain covered her face for a moment.

"What am I supposed to do now that I can't even shoot my bow?"

Sunny hesitated, not knowing what to answer.

Eventually, he said:

"I can… steal you away. You don't need to remain a soldier, you know. Others can't desert, because there's nowhere to run in Godgrave, but you can."

Rain pierced him with a heated gaze, making it seem as if he had said something wrong.

'Damnation…'

Luckily, Cassie came to his help.

She had remained silent before, but now spoke in a soft tone:

"Rain, you are really asking the wrong person."

Rain glanced at her and raised an eyebrow.

"Oh? How so?"

Cassie smiled.

"Did you not see? He is a monster on the battlefield. His power is beyond all reason… so, naturally, he would have had few opportunities to experience being unable to kill something that he really wanted to kill."

She pointed to herself.

"But I have. After all, my Aspect is quite unsuitable for combat, and my Flaw made me blind. I had to learn how to face adversity despite my Flaw, and so, I am in a better position to give you advice."

Rain lingered for a few moments, looking at her heavily.

Then, she shifted her gaze to Sunny.

"Is it true? Does your Flaw not… restrict you in combat?"

He smiled wryly.

"Not usually, no… but you don't have to be polite. You can just ask me what it is."

Rain hesitated a little, then couldn't help herself and asked:

"So, what is it?"

Sunny stared at her silently for a while.

Eventually, he scoffed.

"It's simple, really. I can't lie."

Rain laughed.

She even slapped her knee a few times.

But under his calm gaze, her laughter slowly died out.

"No, wait… really? That is impossible. I mean, all the stuff you told me… no, wait. Really?!"

Sunny smiled.

"It's true. I can't speak a single lie aloud."

He pointed to her.

"However, I managed to fool you into thinking that I was spouting lies, didn't I? And keep the truth from you for many years."

Rain stared at him with wide eyes, then nodded.

Sunny nodded, too.

"That is how Flaws work. They are an insurmountable challenge… however, climbing over a mountain is not the only way to get to where you want to go. You can also go around the mountain — and you can work around the Flaw, too."

Cassie lowered her hand to the hilt of the Quiet Dancer and added in soft, but confident tone:

"It just takes time and effort. You will learn how to go where you want to go despite the Flaw, as well — there are many ways, as long as you have the will. For example, although you can't kill a Nightmare Creature, you can wound it. You can immobilize and debilitate it. With enough foresight, you can win a fight before it even starts, or even avoid it entirely."

She lingered for a moment, and then added:

"In that regard, your talent for the Sorcery of Names will be a boon. Shapers wield quite a versatile array of powers, including many that can restrain and restrict — that are not only meant for destruction, but also creation."

Cassie sighed.

"Remember that you are not alone. We will help you as much as we can. But you must also remember that, at the end of the day, only you can learn how to live with your Flaw."

Rain looked at her with gratitude, seemingly reassured.

Then, her gaze shifted to the corpses of the Nightmare Creatures sprawled across the clearing — Sunny had killed them after she failed to do so, thus ensuring her safety.

Her gaze became bleak again.

Feeling her dejection, he shook his head.

"Don't look just at the negative side. Look at the bright side, as well."

Rain raised an eyebrow, unconvinced.

"...There's a bright side?"

Sunny nodded.

"Of course. The Flaw is an important part of you… of your strength, even. So important that without it, no one can become a Transcendent. There is a reason why the Nightmare Spell helps every Awakened attain their Flaw."

He paused for a moment, then added:

"It is not only because diamonds are made under pressure, or some such nonsense. It is also because one's Aspect and one's Flaw are innately tied. In fact, I am not entirely sure that it is even possible to unseal one's Aspect without first finding one's Flaw… so, you are now much closer to unsealing yours. Knowing your True Name is another step in the right direction."

Sunny smiled.

"In short, it might seem like you were cast down into a bottomless abyss, and all your struggles to attain strength have been for naught. But in truth, it's the opposite… you have climbed to a much greater height compared to where you were yesterday. So, give yourself some credit."

Rain remained silent for a while, looking at him with a hint of tentative hope.

However, it did not look as if she was entirely convinced.

In the end, she seemed to retreat into herself and looked down.

"...Tamar must have finished talking to her dad a long time ago. The army will be marching north soon. So... bring me back, please."

Sunny glanced at Cassie, then sighed.

"As you wish. Just remember… our Shadow Clan has a very magnificent Citadel here in Godgrave. Say a word, and I'll bring you there instead."

He almost hoped that she would, but Rain remained silent.

Taking her hand, Sunny pulled her into the shadows.

Cassie remained alone on the clearing.

A few moments later, the Lord of Shadows emerged from the darkness and looked at her somberly.

"Well?"

The blind seer sighed.

"Let's return, as well. There is a lot to do."




***
Chapter 2033: Dire Flaw


***






Sunny and Rain returned to the temporary camp of the Song Army.

While Sunny and Cassie returned to the temporary camp of the Sword Army.

Of course, he had not forgotten to retrieve his shadows first.

He allowed the haughty shadow, which wore Weaver's Mask, to dissolve into darkness and manifested the naughty shadow instead.

This avatar wore a mask, as well — this one woven by Sunny himself.

'I guess I need to craft more of these…'

Now that his ability to control several incarnations was out in the open, he would have more chances to summon them. During the battle, he had simply covered their faces with the helmet of the Onyx Mantle and a layer of shadows — it should have hidden their features, especially considering the surrounding mayhem.

But he could not be entirely sure, since there were all kinds of watchers out there.

Even if his identity remained a complete mystery, Master Sunless would still be suspected by some. After all, he had entered Changing Star's circle around the same time as the Lord of Shadows — now that people knew that the Lord of Shadow could exist in several places at the same time, they would naturally become suspicious of the humble Memory merchant.

Luckily, Sunny had been quite meticulous in crafting the persona of Master Sunless, and making it the exact opposite of what one would expect a fearsome and mysterious Saint to be. As long as he remained cautious, the suspicions would remain just that.

All of it was going to lose meaning soon, anyway.

The conclusion of the war was not that far away now.

He shivered.

Sunny and Cassie were alone in the tent for the moment. Both remained silent for a while, contemplating the situation Rain had found herself in.

Eventually, he sighed.

"That… is quite a severe Flaw, don't you think?"

Calling that Flaw severe was an understatement of the century.

Cassie hesitated for a moment, then nodded.

"It is quite extraordinary, indeed. There are very few Flaws that are that harsh while being that broad."

It could very well be a death sentence. Being unable to kill anything while everything was able to kill you was, needless to say, extremely dangerous. Especially for an Awakened, and especially in the middle of a bloody war… which was happening in the middle of a damn Death Zone!

Sunny massaged his temples, feeling an approaching headache.

How was he supposed to protect Rain now?

He sighed.

"Still, it is not so bad."

There were ways to deal with a Flaw. Every Awakened had no choice but to find ways of coping with its burden, and many learned how to do it masterfully.

The only question was…

How would Rain go about it?

Would she cope with her Flaw by accommodating it and adapting to its demands? She could distance herself from bloodshed and killing, living a peaceful life somewhere safe… relatively safe, at least, since true safety did not exist anywhere in either of the worlds.

Sunny would be quite happy if she did, really. His sister... was unlike him. Despite her admirable strength and tough exterior, she was made from softer stuff. She was not a killer.

...Thank the gods. There were already enough killers in this dying world — like Sunny and Nephis. People like them were born to destroy, and hopefully, they would destroy everything that needed to be destroyed. So that people like Rain could rebuild a new world on the ruins.

But that was only one way of dealing with her Flaw Rain could choose.

She could also stay close to the battlefield while assuming a strictly supportive role — like her friend Fleur, but much more defenseless. She would have to put absolute trust in her companions, then, and rely on them to keep her safe. Like a living embodiment of the time-tested principle taught to Sunny by Jet.

That no one survived in the Dream Realm alone.

Or…

Would Rain cope with her Flaw by fighting and rebelling against it like Sunny had fought and rebelled against his?

He had become a master of deception despite being unable to lie, after all.

It was just that his treacherous ways had to turn much more refined and insidious because of the Flaw.

Would Rain become a ghastly and sinister slayer because of hers? A person who could not kill her enemies… at least not directly… but made them wish that they were dead?

Sunny closed his eyes for a moment, then cursed.

"No, I take it back. It is that bad."

Cassie patted him on the shoulder.

"Don't worry too much. She will be fine… better than fine, actually. She will face the challenge of her Flaw, overcome it, and become much stronger for it."

Sunny did not know if Cassie was speaking out of personal experience or simply trying to placate him, but he felt thankful either way.

He wanted to believe her, too.

She remained silent for a moment, and then sighed:

"Nevertheless, you are right. Her Flaw is extremely severe… which means that her Aspect will be extraordinary, as well. In fact, I am quite sure that it will be at least of the Supreme Rank — most likely Sacred."

Sunny froze, looking at her with a complicated expression.

An Aspect of the Sacred Rank… was almost as rare as one of the Divine Rank.

In fact, ironically enough, Sunny knew of more Awakened wielding a Divine Aspect — Nephis, Mordret, and himself — than Awakened wielding a Sacred Aspect.

He only knew of one, actually… Cassie herself.

Of course, there could have been others… among the members of Broken Sword's cohort, for example, or among the daughters of Ki Song. But the fact still remained — a Sacred Aspect would be unique, mystical, and exceedingly powerful by its very nature.

And his sister could come to possess one of those?

Sunny lingered for a few moments, then sat down and said somberly:

"Tell me more about what you saw."

Cassie remained silent for a while, as if trying to find the correct words.

In the end, she sighed.

"It was quite unusual. I had to decipher what I saw myself… I still do, really. It is not really difficult, just takes time. Like… like following your intuition to the answer you already know to be true, or remembering something that you had already known once. We will be able to decipher the True Name shortly, I believe. The Attributes responsible for her affinity to shadows and sorcery are also quite clear…"

Her tone changed a little.

"...It's the third Attribute that gives me pause."

Cassie grew quiet for a moment, then faced Sunny and asked cautiously:

"Sunny, tell me… have you noticed anything strange about your sister?"




***
Chapter 2034: What Are Friends For


***






Sunny stared at Cassie silently.

What the hell did she mean, anything strange?

Suddenly, manytroubling possibilities surfaced in his mind. There were all kinds of Attributes out there in the world, after all… the mind hex of the Soul Devourer had also been akin to an Attribute, for example.

Rain had not been supposed to possess three entire Attributes, anyway. The [Mark of Shadows] had come from him… was the third Attribute foreign to her, as well?

Finally, he shrugged.

"Strange? I mean, she is known as That Crazy Girl back in Ravenheart for a reason. But no, not really. Rain is… surprisingly normal. Shockingly normal, even — she is more or less the only normal person I know."

He frowned.

"What exactly do you mean by strange?"

Cassie contemplated her answer for some time before speaking.

"I'm not sure myself… have you seen some inexplicable things happening around her, or patterns of strange events? Like sudden changes in weather, plants wilting or blooming unexpectedly, or maybe Nightmare Creatures reacting more strongly than expected to her presence?"

Sunny scratched the back of his head.

No, really, what was she going on about?

Eventually, he said hesitantly:

"Well… come to think of it… a huge storm did appear out of nowhere when she was Awakening. Why?"

Cassie remained silent for a moment.

"That third Attribute I spoke about, it is quite unusual. I'll need more time to truly fathom it, but what I do know is that her soul is connected to the world much more deeply than that of a mere Awakened should be… or maybe it is the other way around? So, that storm might not have gathered by coincidence or as a response to her unusual Awakening. It could have been a way the world was responding to the intensity of her emotions."

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

"That kind of sounds like… presence?"

The world had a way of responding to Saints.

However, Rain was definitely not a Saint.

Cassie nodded.

"Indeed. In fact, I suspect that Rain already has a presence, much like a Transcendent would — it is just that her soul is so much weaker than that of a Saint that we have not felt her presence yet. Similarly… I also suspect that she already has a source element."

She remained silent for a few moments, as if doubting herself, and then added in a hesitant tone:

"To be honest, it felt like… all elements are her source element? Or maybe it's the other way around. Can a human soul itself be a source element? Gods… sorry, but I am really confused. All I can say right now is that her soul is very unique, deeply connected to the world, and inexplicably exhibiting traits similar to those of a Transcendent despite being properly weak and fully contained within her body, like any Awakened soul should."

Sunny stared at her silently.

Then, he stared some more.

"...No matter how much you are confused, I am confused more."

Cassie chuckled, then sighed.

"Don't worry. I'll figure it out soon… sure, it sounds strange, but consider some other innate Attributes. I am sure those would have seemed bizarre to us if we glimpsed them for the first time without the Spell providing a comprehensive, convenient, and concise explanation."

Sunny thought about it.

Well, yes… if he looked at it like that, the innate Attributes of people with Aspects of higher Ranks would seem quite bizarre from the outside. Like his own [Fated] or Neph's [Dreamspawn].

Compared to those, the strangeness happening to Rain's soul seemed almost mild.

In any case, for now, the only thing he could do was wait for Cassie to decipher the full meaning... and worry.

Once the interpretation was complete, he would finally be able to finish the Memory bracelet he had been weaving for Rain.

She would be ready to decide what to do about her Flaw by then, as well…

Suddenly, Sunny felt a cold chill run down his spine.

'Her emotions might be able to affect the weather, huh?'

That was... a truly terrible trait to possess, here in Godgrave...

***

Rain did not quite remember how she found her way to her tent after being returned to the camp of the Song Army.

Only her tent wasn't there anymore.

The funeral rite had been long finished, and the army was preparing to march. Someone from the cohort — Tamar, most likely — had already taken down Rain's tent. Usually they handled their own equipment, but since one member of the cohort was strangely absent, she would have done it to save time.

Speaking of Tamar, the Legacy girl was standing near the smoldering campfire, giving last instructions to the leaders of the cohorts comprising the centuria.

Noticing Rain, she frowned and sent them away.

"Where have you been?"

Rain stared at her friend numbly, then waved a hand dismissively.

"Just running errands around the camp. Nothing… important."

Her lies were usually more thoughtful and better acted out, but this time, Tamar saw through the clumsy attempt at deception easily.

Her frown deepened.

"Rani, what's the matter? Are you alright?"

Rain simply looked at her, wondering…

Could she just tell Tamar the truth?

Surely, not. A Flaw was something that most Awakened kept a secret from everyone — especially a Flaw like her own, which could be fatal if it fell into the hands of an enemy.

But, on the other hand, how could she not tell Tamar?

Tamar was her friend, companion, and captain. They were both soldiers fighting in a deadly war… Rain relied on Tamar to have her back, and Tamar did the same.

But Rain couldn't protect Tamar's back anymore. How could she keep it a secret?

She forced out a smile.

"Listen, Tamar…"

How was she going to explain it?

Rain shifted from one foot to another awkwardly.

"I thought about it for a while. And I decided… to become a pacifist…"

That was both as good and as terrible of an explanation as any.

The Legacy girl stared her down with a dark expression.

Then, she raised an eyebrow slightly.

"Have you lost your mind?"

'Damn it, damn it, damn it…'

Rain took a deep breath.

What else was she supposed to say?

"Ah, screw it. Actually, I attained my Flaw. My Flaw is that I can't kill anyone, or anything… not even Nightmare Creatures. There! I said it!"

Tamar scowled.

No, but why was she frowning and scowling so much? She was going to get wrinkles! Spoiling that face would be a travesty!

Failing to distract herself with these childish thoughts, Rain mustered her courage and prepared for the inevitable rebuke.

But Tamar just said evenly:

"So what?"

Rain blinked.

"Huh? I said…"

But the Legacy girl interrupted her.

"Yeah, I heard what you said. So what? If you can't kill things, don't kill them. Aim for their eyes, knee joints, sword arms, and any other appendage that doesn't seem vital. With your miraculous archery skills, that should not be a problem, right?"

Rain stared at her silently for a moment, then said slowly:

"...Right."

Tamar nodded curtly.

"Then do that. I'll kill them for you."

With that, she turned around and walked away to prepare the centuria for the departure.

Rain was left standing near the campfire alone, utterly stumbled.

…And utterly touched.

Was it that simple?

Eventually, a pale smile illuminated her face.

'...I'll kill them for you.'

That was possibly the most heartwarming thing that anyone had ever told her…




***
Chapter 2035: Two Crossings


***






Not long after the Godheart Battle was over, the Song army abandoned its temporary camp on the vast expanse of the Breastbone Reach and started its long and arduous march north.

At this point, the enemies had proven their superiority. The warriors of the Raven Queen could not compete with the Sword Army in an open field — not as long as Changing Star and the Lord of Shadows were alive, at least.

So, they could only retreat.

The situation was not hopeless, though, and the retreat was not aimless. It had two strategic goals that could very well bring the Song Domain victory in the next battle, or the battle after that.

The first goal of returning north was quite obvious — there, they would gain terrain advantage. The Song Army could not overcome the enemy in a frontal clash, but things would be different if there were complicated terrain and fearsome fortifications involved in the equation.

The forces of Song had established two impressive strongholds on both crossings from the northern tip of the Breastbone Reach to the West Collarbone Plain — one direct, and the other one via the Western First Rib. Laying siege to either of the crossings would be a perilous task for the Sword Army, no doubt…

And there was the second strategic goal of the retreat, as well.

This one was more mystical.

The swath of the titanic breastbone where the Battle of Godheart had taken place was located on the invisible boundary between the two clashing Domains. There, the power of the Sovereigns was at a balance.

Now, however, the situation would change. The Song Army was retreating, and therefore, the sphere of influence of the Song Domain would shrink, while the sphere of influence of the Sword Domain would expand. All that the King of Swords had to do to claim this territory was conquer the scattered extermination outposts established by the enemy on the surface of the sun-bleached bone.

He would become the sole ruler of the Breastbone Reach soon…

His Domain would not reach the western collarbone of the dead god, though, where the Citadel of Ki Song were located. Her power would be fully expressed at the two crossings, while his would be at its weakest.

So, the Song Army was determined to defend them at all costs. It had a good chance of succeeding, as well.

But the King of Swords was undeterred. And so, his army set out in pursuit.

The longer it took for the Sword Army to arrive at the two crossings, the better the soldiers of the Song Domain would be able to entrench themselves and prepare for the siege. So, there was no time to waste… perhaps Anvil wished to maintain the forceful momentum of the triumphant victory at Godheart, as well, hoping to smash through the enemy defenses and march straight to the Collarbone Citadel.

Ki Song knew this, of course, so it was inevitable that she would try to slow the Sword Army down.

There would be ambushes and countless skirmishes between the soldiers of the two Domains, no doubt…

Worse than that, there was a very simple tactic she could employ to sabotage the speed of the advancing enemy forces.

It was to destroy the extermination outposts as her own army retreated, like the armies of the ancient times burned the fields and poisoned the wells as they passed.

The extermination outposts were like seals that humanity had placed on the abominable jungle, preventing it from escaping to the surface from the humid twilight of the Hollows again. They were fortresses built around the fissures in the ancient bone, garrisoned with soldiers whose task it was to destroy the tendrils of the scarlet infestation every time it reached out from the darkness.

As the Song Army retreated across the territory it had subjugated in the past, these garrisons were retrieved, and the fortresses were destroyed. With nothing containing the ancient jungle in the depths anymore, it crawled out of the dark fissures to hungrily absorb sunlight and warmth once again.

The return of the scarlet infestation was like an explosion of abominable life. Its taint covered the sun-bleached surface of the bone with dire speed, and myriads of Nightmare Creatures were born in an instant — most to be consumed, some to gorge themselves on the flesh and souls of their fallen brethren and grow with startling speed.

By the time the Sword Army reached where the enemy had passed, they were often met by vast wealds of thick vermilion growth.

The islands of the abominable jungle had to be tamed and burned down once again, the extermination outposts had to be restored, and new Awakened garrisons had to be left behind to guard the fissures. Therefore, the Sword Army was losing both time and manpower while advancing north.

There was another matter it was dealing with, as well…

The fallout of the Godheart Battle and the punishment that the King had delivered to Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan for her defiance.

His punishment… was not that harsh, really. She was stripped of her position as the commander of the Sword Army, with Anvil assuming the role personally, and sent back to the main camp to oversee the complicated logistical task of shifting the established supply chains in preparation for the inevitable siege of the two crossings.

Basically, she was being slapped on the wrist and sent to her room, to be grounded for a few weeks.

However, the soldiers were still unhappy.

Not only were they still reeling from the horror and senselessness of the recent battle, but they also had to witness the person who had saved their lives and delivered victory to the Sword Domain being admonished and demoted — instead of honored and praised.

Some saw it as an injustice and were quietly incensed, while some were simply confused.

Why was the King sending one of his most powerful warriors away?

What would happen if the Queen of Worms decided to turn her army around and attack? Would the Sword Army fare well with only the Lord of Shadows standing between it and the superior number of enemy Saints?

…Would the Lord of Shadows even do anything now that the person who had brought him under the banner of the Sword Domain was humiliated and punished like that?

They were blowing the symbolic punishment out of proportion, of course.

But Sunny was not going to dissuade them.

In fact, it was exactly what he had wanted to achieve.

It was also quite a fortunate turn of events, for Nephis to be sent to the main camp.

With her speed, she would be arriving there quite soon… and when she did, they would be able to decipher Rain's True Name away from the prying eyes of the two Sovereigns.

They would be able to attempt forging her sword, too.

...Well, and do some other things as well.

Honestly, he couldn't wait.




***
Chapter 2036: Promised Storm


***






Rain was laying on top of her bedroll, too tired to move. The interior of her tent was like an oven, and the merciless sky was pummeling the word with heat outside. The mere thought of the radiant expanse of the sun-bleached bone, which seemed to glow like snow in the pouring sunlight, made her eyes ache for the comfort of shadows.

Which was why the flap of her tent was closed, submerging the interior into a comfortable dimness. The passive enchantment of one of Rain's Memories kept her cool, and she could finally breathe.

The past few days had been… challenging.

The Song Army had set out north, marching at a truly punishing pace. They had to escape the pursuing enemy, sure, but the soldier had not even had the chance to recover from the battle. Enduring the dire hardship of the hellish march immediately after that calamity was like a cruel torture.

Everyone was slowly breaking under the strain…

It wasn't easy to break Awakened, but Godgrave was just the place to accomplish that.

The situation was only made worse by how disheartening it felt to be destroying the extermination outposts as the army retreated north. They had fought long and hard to establish them, after all — battling the scarlet jungle was a harrowing affair, but it had felt rewarding. As if they were banishing something vile and odious into darkness to build a place under the sun for humanity.

What did it feel like to dismantle these outposts with their own hands, then?

The Seventh Legion had destroyed only one, so far. It had to be done in a rush, so the fortress had been set on fire immediately after the garrison evacuated. Luckily, the most widely available building material in Godgrave was wood, and the flames spread quickly.

It was not quick enough, though. The Blood Sisters surrounded the burning outposts and bombarded it with ranged attacks, reducing the fortress to rubble. What had taken weeks of battling the dreadful jungle and enormous effort to build was reduced to a smoldering pile of charred debris in a matter of minutes.

As the soldiers watched the scene of destruction in grim silence, it was hard not to feel as if all the blood, sweat, and tears they had spilled were for nothing.

By the time the legion moved on from the blackened ruin, the first scarlet vines were already crawling out of the fissure.

'Damn it all.'

Rain shifted and glanced at the deep shadows nestling in the corners of the tent. It was so hot inside…

After remaining silent for a while, she said in a low tone:

"You know… you can already make cooling enchantments. Why don't you enchant the whole tent, while you're at it?"

There was silence for a few moments, and then, a chuckle came out of the shadows.

"Mostly because it would take time away from more important matters. Why don't you learn runic sorcery and enchant the tent yourself?"

Rain smiled in the darkness.

"I just might. Can I really learn it?"

A familiar figure emerged from the shadows, sitting down on the floor of the tent. He shrugged.

"I don't see why not… a friend once told me that it would take no more than a century, but with your apparent talent, it should be much faster. A few decades, at most."

Rain sighed.

"...Figures."

Then, she studied him with a neutral expression.

"Why did you come out?"

Sunny smiled.

"I have something for you. Give me your hand."

Still laying on the bedroll, Rain outstretched a hand. He took it gently with his own and raised the other one. A moment later, a beautiful bracelet forged from black silver manifested itself from strands of darkness, and he put it around her wrist.

Rain studied the bracelet with curiosity. It felt cool to the touch, contrasted starkly against her smooth alabaster skin. The craftsmanship was beautiful, and the fit was flawless.

"It's pretty. But what is it?"

He let go of her hand and leaned back a little.

"A Memory. Bind it, then think about wanting to know your state."

A new Memory was always a welcome surprise. Rain sat up, infused the beautiful bracelet with her essence, waited for it to take hold, and then thought about… her state.

'What state is he even talking about? Like… tired, sweaty, and miserable?'

However, in the next moment, a field of shimmering runes suddenly ignited in the air in front of her.

Rain froze.

"Is… is this?"

He nodded.

"Yes. It is something I came up with for myself after being cut off from the Spell. It is not nearly as omniscient and only has rudimentary functions, of course, but it's still handy to have around."

Rain smiled.

So these were the infamous runes… strangely enough, seeing them suddenly made her feel like a real Awakened.

It was just that reading them was another matter entirely.

Sunny had taught her the basics of the more widely spread dead languages of the Dream Realm in the past four years, and especially the original runic language that the Spell used. It was a necessity — after all, they had been aiming to make her an Awakened without becoming infected by the Spell, which meant that it would not be providing her any translations.

Luckily, Rain had turned out to be quite talented at languages. So, she could read the runes… in theory. She just had little practice actually doing it.

Still, she was incredibly curious to learn what the bracelet would tell her.

So, Rain remembered her lessons and glanced at the shimmering runes.

They read:

Name: Rain.

True Name…

She concentrated.

'Promise… Promised? Promised Storm?'

No. The runes were similar, but if one studied them carefully, a different meaning revealed itself.

There was a stormy darkness to her name, a vivid image of the vast black sky. But there was also a glimmer of hope to it, a promise that the darkness would be dispelled, and a glimpse of a beautiful light shining somewhere far away.

There was also a hint of melancholy to her name, because relief and light were still far in the distance.

Rain looked at the runes once again and read them properly this time.

True Name: Promise of a Distant Sky.




***
Chapter 2037: Spirit Sea


***






Rain rolled the words on her tongue.

Promise of a Distant Sky…

It was a beautiful True Name, if not as fierce and fearsome as most other True Names were.

The name felt unfamiliar, but strangely comforting. Like a piece of the puzzle that she had not known was missing from her soul, and now finally fell into its place, thus making her soul more… complete.

'What a strange feeling.'

Sunny studied her expression with a hint of curiosity.

"I'm guessing you are thinking about your True Name?"

Rain nodded.

"Yeah. I like it… I think. It's pretty."

It was also not at all what she had expected. Such a pretty name did not seem to fit her… her life had been anything but pretty, after all. In fact, it had mostly been crawling through mud, slaughtering Nightmare Creatures, and witnessing indescribable horrors here in Godgrave as of late.

Her brother chuckled.

"Indeed it is."

He grew quiet for a few moments, and then added in a more serious tone:

"Names have power, Rain. A quite literal power — you will learn about it while studying Shaping — but a more obscure power, as well. A True Name is an anchor of one's self, and knowing yourself is the first step of walking the Path of Ascension."

She smiled.

"What is the next step?"

Sunny seemed to be surprised by the question. He remained silent for a moment before answering.

"The next step… is imposing yourself upon the world. But you don't have to worry about that just yet."

He sighed.

"In any case, do not reveal your True Name to anyone — at least for now. Others share it freely, but you might have noticed that some do not… like Seishan, for example. Or the Sovereigns. That is because they understand more than the rest, and they understand that while making your name be known might be a powerful boon, it can also become a curse."

Rain considered his words for a few moments.

It made sense, in a way. She already knew that there was a Sorcery of Names, and that Names had power. Therefore, wouldn't a powerful Shaper be able to make someone powerless by using their True Name, or otherwise gain power over that person?

Rain did not know enough about Shaping to be sure of her conclusion, yet, but she had not been planning to share her True Name with anyone either. After all, her Awakening and her very existence were highly unusual — she did not need to attract any undue attention.

Sunny stared at her silently for a while, then added in a somber tone:

"Don't go around telling everyone what your Flaw is, either. I get it, you had to tell Tamar… but show some discernment and restraint, will you? You know how vulnerable you are because of that Flaw."

Rain grinned.

"I wasn't planning on telling anyone else, anyway. Well, for now… maybe Ray and Fleur, in the future…"

He waved a hand dismissively, an irritated expression on his face.

"Whatever. Do as you wish… go on, read the rest of the runes."

Rain was still trying out the sound of her True Name, but she was also curious to see what else the beautiful bracelet could show her.

So, she turned back to the runes.

Name: Rain.

True Name: Promise of a Distant Sky.

Rank: Awakened.

Soul Core: [564/1000], [237/5000].

Rain stared at that last string of runes in confusion.

She knew what the first counter meant — that was obviously the measure of her soul core saturation. She had been in Godgrave for several months now, having participated in many battles. Her contributions had not been modest, either, which meant that she was awarded with plenty of soul shards.

Rain had been keeping a mental score, of course, and the result was almost identical to what the runes were showing. Even without counting, she could feel how much stronger she had become since Awakening.

But what the hell was that second number?

Two hundred and thirty-seven… out of five thousand? What did it mean?

She looked at Sunny with a silent, but quite loud question in her eyes.

He chuckled.

"Ah… that. Your soul core is a bit special, you see."

He lingered for a few moments, then said in a contemplative tone:

"There are some Awakened with unique soul constitutions. For example, I know a woman whose soul core can grow continuously, unrestrained by the limitations that most Awakened share. I know people who can form multiple soul cores akin to Nightmare Creatures, as well. You, however, are different."

Her brother scratched the back of his head.

"It is hard to explain, considering that I don't understand it fully myself yet. Let us just say that your soul is deeply connected to the essence of the world. Thus, you have access to a… a form of spirit essence. That spirit essence does not saturate your soul core directly, and, therefore, it does not make your body stronger. But it is still under your control."

Rain's eyes widened as she came to a realization.

"Wait… is that why my Soul Sea looks like that?"

Her Soul Sea was not at all like the books described. Its surface was indeed like an endless sea, and there was indeed a beautiful sun — the representation of her soul core — hanging high above the water, with little lights representing her Memories orbiting around it.

Or at least that was how it had been before.

However, over time, something had changed, and the radiant sun became surrounded and partially obscured by aimlessly drifting clouds. There were just a few of them, for now, but she had noticed that their number was growing.

Her Soul Sea already looked a bit grey and stormy, with cool winds disturbing the surface of the clear water.

Sunny nodded.

"Indeed. Those clouds are the representation of the spirit essence you've been able to accumulate. I am not sure how you can absorb more, exactly — that, you will have to discover by yourself. Searching for a way to deepen your connection to the world should be the correct direction, I think."

He smiled meaningfully.

"Needless to say, it would be very beneficial for you to accumulate as much spirit essence as possible…"




***
Chapter 2038: Soul of a Poet


***






Sunny smiled.

"Needless to say, it would be very beneficial for you to accumulate as much spirit essence as possible — the deeper your reserves of it are, the better. Not to mention that we don't know how saturating your soul with spirit essence will benefit the eventual transformation of your soul core. It might very well be a boon during your Ascension."

Then, his smile dimmed, replaced by a serious expression.

"Do note one thing, though. This bond between your soul and the world is a connection that goes both ways. So while you are able to absorb spirit essence from the world, you can also… leak it, I guess. In fact, a little bit of it seems to be seeping out all the time, more so when you are in the throes of strong emotions. So, get a grip and don't go around irrigating the world with your soul essence, causing random storm clouds to gather… or clear, especially here in Godgrave."

Rain stared at him incredulously.

Deepen her connection to the world? Accumulate more spirit essence? Get a grip and keep it contained within her soul?

Random storms?

What… the hell was he talking about?

What even was spirit essence?

She narrowed her eyes.

"And how am I supposed to do that, pray tell?"

Sunny grinned mischievously:

"How should I know? I have no idea. I can estimate the numerical value of the spirit essence contained within your soul because of the Mark of Shadows, but at the end of the day… it's your soul!"

Rain sighed.

"Right."

So, she would have to figure it out herself.

'As if I do not have enough things to figure out myself already…'

Still, it was good news. Having more essence was indeed the dream of every Awakened… it would have been best if her soul core simply had an enormous capacity, thus improving her body six times over, but having an auxiliary reservoir of essence was also great news — especially considering that its maximum limit seemed to be vastly more generous than that of a soul core.

All this essence would probably come in handy when she started learning sorcery…

Still thinking about the fact that her soul was, apparently, more than a little bit weird, Rain turned her gaze back to the runes.

What she saw made her eyes sparkle.

It was the list of her Memories.

Memories: [Puppeteer's Shroud], [Beast of Prey], [Essence Quiver], [Bag of Withholding], [Green Canteen], [In Case of Emergency], [Heavy Burden], [Outskirts at Noon], [Don't Cut Yourself], [Pièce de Résistance], [Safety First], [Fancy Handy Bracelet].

She stared at that last one for a moment, then rolled her eyes and concentrated on the very first Memory.

New runes ignited in the air.

Memory: Puppeteer's Shroud.

Memory Rank: Awakened.

Memory Tier: VI.

Memory Type: Armor.

Memory Description: [A worm of doubt once found its way into a righteous king's heart. With time, the king was devoured from inside and became its puppet. A lifetime later, the Puppeteer Worm escaped from the king's dead body, leaving behind a cocoon of black silk. No one knows where it went; however, once people dared to approach the silent castle, they found the silk among the mountains of gnawed bones and fashioned it into an armor.]

Memory Enchantments: [Enhanced Durability], [Doubtless], [Blessing of Spirit].

She shivered.

That description… was not creepy at all!

Then, Rain glanced at her brother.

'...I guess I was wrong about him.'

He could come up with something meaningful to write, after all. That chilling story about the ancient king was both enthralling and poignant.

And she had a great advantage when compared to all other Awakened — her Fancy Handy Bracelet… no, she refused to call it that… not only showed her each enchantment a Memory possessed, but also described the effects of those enchantments in detail.

Trying not to think about giant moths, Rain shifted her gaze to the next Memory.

...Her brow creased a little.

Memory: Beast of Prey.

Memory Rank: Awakened.

Memory Tier: III.

Memory Type: Weapon.

Memory Description: [Bespoke enchanted bow, received in exchange for an exclusive Memory coupon in the Brilliant Emporium.]

She remained motionless for a bit, then shifted her gaze further down the list.

The crease of her brow deepened.

Memory: Essence Quiver.

Memory Rank: Awakened.

Memory Tier: II.

Memory Type: Tool.

Memory Description: [High-quality enchanted quiver, received as gratuity in the Brilliant Emporium. Buy one, get one free! Become a client today!]

Rain scowled deeply as she looked at the next Memory.

Memory: [Bag of Withholding]...

Memory Description: [I've really outdone myself this time, if I do say so myself. Anyway, why am I bothering with these descriptions? It takes essence to weave each letter!]

Rain sighed deeply, closed her eyes for a few moments, then stared at her brother with a strange expression.

He smiled.

"What? Why are you looking at me like that?"

She inhaled, slowly counting to ten in her mind.

Then, shaking her head, Rain shifted her gaze away from the list of her Memories and tried to concentrate on the rest of the runes.

'...I'll force him to rewrite these descriptions, even if it will be the death of me!'

The runes read:

Echoes: —

Attributes: [Poet], [Godheart], [Mark of Shadows].

[Poet] Attribute Description: "Your soul is attuned to the melody of Names. The cadence of your heart gives shape to its will."

There was no surprise there.

[Godheart] Attribute Description: "Your heart is bonded deeply with the world."

Sunny had already explained this one when talking about her soul core. The choice of the name, though... was quite poignant, actually.

[Mark of Shadows] Attribute Description: "You are the Princess of Shadows, bearing the mark of their Lord. Shadows recognize you as one of their own."

A wide smile appeared on Rain's face against her will.

'So it's official now… I'm a princess!'

Her brother grinned.

"Of course you are."

Rain froze.

"W—wait… did I say that out loud?"

He laughed quietly.

"No… but it was written all over your face."

She threw a menacing glare at him, then turned back to the runes.

There were only a few strings left.

Aspect: —

Dream Realm Anchor: —

Flaw: [Crown of Thorns].

Flaw Description: [You cannot kill].

…And just like that, Rain's thoughts returned to her Flaw.

She sighed, covered the beautiful bracelet with the sleeve of the Puppeteer's Shroud, and lay back down.

Looking at the roof of her tent, Rain remained silent for a while, and then asked in a somber tone:

"Sunny, do you think... that it will be alright? The… all of it, I mean."

He did not answer immediately, looking at her from the darkness.

Eventually, a pale smile appeared on his lips.

Her brother nodded.

"Sure, it will. That's a promise."




***
Chapter 2039: Princess in the Ivory Tower


***






The tranquil silence of the Ivory Tower was disturbed by the clangor of steel.

The chilling litany of clashing blades echoed from the pristine white walls, and powerful gusts of wind battered them like siege rams. However, there was no battle raging under the roof of the great pagoda.

Instead, three figures moved across its floor in a graceful dance, wielding blades made of shadow against each other.

They were Nephis and Sunny — two incarnations of him, to be precise.

Changing Star had been sent away from the main force of the Sword Army, but the Fire Keepers were not. That, too, was part of her punishment… and although Sunny could see that she was concerned about her people, he was selfishly glad that they practically had the entire Ivory Island to themselves.

No one was here to disturb them, so they could spend time together however they wished.

And they had.

It felt strange, to enjoy warm days of contentment and bliss in the middle of a calamitous war, but he was not complaining… far from it. If anything, the dire threat of the looming war made every moment they spent together feel much more vivid and precious.

Especially because it also felt as if these were the last tranquil days they would get to enjoy before the inevitable storm.

There were all kinds of leisurely activities they had been up to since Nephis returned to the main camp... but today, they were subjecting themselves to a different kind of physical strain.

The battle was subdued, but their Transcendent Battle Arts had enough room to express themselves fully.

Sunny was enjoying the feeling of completion, freedom, and endless possibility his Art gave him. It was graceful, infinitely adaptable, fearsome, and — most of all — absolutely deadly. He had already tested its daunting potential during the Battle of Godheart, but some of his powers had been restricted then.

Of course, that was not really a detriment to his Art — on the contrary,it was an undeniable confirmation of its dire lethality and insidious design. His formless Art was flexible enough to serve him well even when placed under the harshest of restrictions, after all — just as he had intended it to be. That was one of its most dangerous aspects.

Now, however, there were no restrictions placed upon Sunny, which gave him a chance to experience the full repertoire of his Art.

Of course, Nephis herself was an astounding swordsman. No matter how deadly his Art was, Sunny was having trouble dealing with a nearly immortal opponent.

He was curious to know how the battle would have ended if both of them were serious about it, and were not restrained in the magnitude of power they released. What would happen if seven of his incarnations were here instead of only two? If Nephis fully unleashed her flames? If they didn't care about hurting each other or leaving their surroundings intact?

He was honestly not sure. The only thing he knew was that the main camp of the Sword Army would probably be erased from existence.

Sunny was enjoying himself, and he had a feeling that Nephis was enjoying herself too — even more than him, most likely. But of course, this spar was not simply for their enjoyment. It had a practical reason, as well.

In these few weeks before Nephis was once again recalled to the frontline… Sunny had to finish forging her sword.

He had been preparing for this moment for many months now, and a large part of his preparations had to do with studying how she fought. From spending time in the rented martial halls in Bastion to observing Nephis in actual battle, Sunny had learned a lot.

Today's duel was the final lesson, and he was absorbing it with all his being.

Finally, utterly exhausted, they stopped. Neither had won… not that achieving victory was a point.

Nephis smiled in contentment, wiped the sweat off her brow, and inhaled deeply. Her chest was heaving, proving how strenuous the spar had been.

And making Sunny's eyes wander.

"Your swordsmanship have changed."

There was curiosity in her voice, as well as a hint of approval.

A part of Sunny was surprised that she noticed.

…Most of him, however, was too preoccupied by being stirred by the sight of beads of sweat glistening on her ivory skin, her slightly flushed face, and the tantalizing contours of her body contoured by the light training clothes.

'Ah… I'm in trouble.'

There was too much for him to do today, and he could not allow himself to get distracted.

It was just that his self-control was faltering in the face of an overwhelming adversity.

Sunny nodded absentmindedly.

"Ah... yes. I rarely receive an opportunity to fully unleash my talents. The recent events were one such opportunity, and it gave me the last push I needed to improve."

'Cold shower… right, that is what I need…'

Nephis studied him for a few moments, then asked in an amused tone:

"What are you thinking about?"

Sunny almost choked.

"Just that… uh... that we worked up a sweat. I was thinking that a cool shower won't hurt."

She looked at him, then smiled and stretched leisurely.

Sunny had already been struggling to contain himself, and that last bit of cruelly stimulating visual feast almost sent him over the edge. Suddenly, he was lucky that Blood Weave was there, preventing his blood from rushing to all the wrong places.

His eyes still turned fierce and hungry, though.

Nephis chuckled and offered in an innocent tone:

"Well… we can take a refreshing swim in the lake, if you want."

Of course, Sunny could not help but remember the last time they played in the water together, during the wonderful date at the beach. That swimsuit...

His pupils widened a little.

No, no… taking a swim in the lake was not going to help the situation one bit. If anything, it would make things ten times worse.

He remained silent for a while, then used all of his Transcendent willpower to slowly shake his head.

"No… I mean, yes! A hundred times, yes. But let's do it in the evening."

Nephis lingered for a moment, then shrugged.

She almost looked disappointed.

"As you wish. We do indeed have a lot to do today."

Regretting all his life choices, Sunny gave her a disheartened nod.

"Right. For now… let's just grab a quick bite and get to business."

The two of them separated briefly to refresh themselves, then met again at the beautiful gazebo behind the great pagoda. This was where the stone arch that had once led to the Ebony Tower was located — now that a vast distance separated the two flying islands, the connection between them was severed, and the portal could not be activated anymore.

Instead, a tastefully carved stone table was placed in the gazebo, which Sunny now set a light breakfast on.

The two of them enjoyed a delicious meal and a bit of invigorating wine while listening to the peaceful sound of rustling leaves that came from the nearby grove.

Sunny could not take his eyes off Nephis. Sitting there in the shade, wearing a simple white tunic, smiling slightly as she sipped cool wine… she simply looked too lovely.

She seemed to have mostly recovered from unleashing her Aspect during the battle, too — faster than usual.

It was good to see.

Noticing his gaze, Nephis smiled.

"So… are you going to explain what it was that you asked me to interpret, or not?"




***
Chapter 2040: Lack of Symmetry


***






Sunny felt a surge of emotion all of a sudden.

Not because it was a secret… he had told Rain to keep her True Name to herself, indeed, but that did not include Nephis. Being the one who had helped him and Cassie interpret the meaning, she already knew it, after all.

No, it was simply because she asked.

Recently, Sunny had noticed that Nephis almost never asked him anything. He knew it was partially because she was vaguely aware that he simply could not answer some questions, and respected his request to keep some of his secrets.

But he could not help but feel that it was also because she… simply did not care enough to ask.

Their current relationship was full of sparks… gods knew they weren't shy with sharing affection. In fact, with both of them being Saints, the last few days had been quite intense for the Ivory Tower.

They also enjoyed each other's company in the more peaceful moments. There was mutual trust and respect, and quite a bit of tenderness between them.

It was like a dream come true. It felt much more wonderful than he had ever dreamed of, even.

But, at the same time, Sunny was aware… sometimes painfully aware… that their relationship was not symmetrical.

How could it be, when he was someone Nephis thought she had only met a few months ago?

Sure, she liked him… she was perhaps even infatuated with him. It wasn't like he was a random stranger to Nephis — not at all. He was her first and only lover, and the mere fact that she had discarded her solitude and chosen him above all the people in the world said a lot about how special he was in her eyes.

She did not have memories of him — but her heart seemed to remember.

That said, the harsh truth remained. Compared to the dire depths of what Sunny felt for Nephis, her own feelings… were relatively shallow.

So, she could have very well been comfortable with the current state of their relationship.

But he was not.

Even while drowning in bliss,even while having his most ardent desires fulfilled and his most daring expectations surpassed tenfold…

He still wanted more.

He wanted so much more.

Sunny was a greedy person, after all.

He wanted her to remember… but that was impossible.

So, he wanted her to at least want to know about him — everything there was to know, and more. He wanted her to ask questions, even if he could not answer.

That was why Sunny was pleasantly surprised to hear Nephis take the initiative to ask him about something meaningful.

Perhaps he was slowly growing on her… slowly, but surely.

He smiled.

"Well… sure, I'll tell you. If you must know, it was a True Name."

Nephis chuckled.

"Yeah, I figured. It was pretty obvious. But whose True Name is it?"

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then leaned back.

"I think I haven't told you this before, but I have a… a disciple."

He had to be careful about how he chose his words. Nephis had been aware of the connection between him and Rain in the past — so, if he wanted her to remember, he had to make sure to present it as a new relationship, one that was not connected to a person named Lost from Light.

That way, she would not forget.

Nephis seemed surprised.

"The Lord of Shadows has a disciple?"

Sunny shook his head.

"That guy? No… he's a bit of a loner. I mentioned before that one of my incarnations was in the Song Domain, right? He's the one doing the teaching."

Nephis seemed amused.

"I can never grow used to that Ability of yours. It is quite, quite something, you know?"

He laughed.

"Oh, don't I know it… in any case, that incarnation of mine has been with her for four years. My troublesome disciple finally Awakened right before the war — and, to my shock and disbelief, decided to join the Song Army. So, that is where she is right now. And therefore, my last incarnation as well."

Nephis tilted her head a little.

There was a lot to digest from his final statement, but she instantly discerned the most important piece of information.

"If your disciple just Awakened before the war and already has a True Name, then she must have received it in the First Nightmare. She must be… quite a special young woman, then. I received my True Name as a Sleeper, too. Like my mother before me."

There was a spark of interest in her eyes… actually, it had been there from the moment Sunny mentioned that he had a disciple. But after making the mistaken conclusion that Rain had received her True Name in the First Nightmare, Neph's interest grew.

Sunny lingered for a moment, then slowly shook his head.

"My disciple is indeed quite special. However, she did not receive her True Name in the First Nightmare… in fact, she never experienced a Nightmare. She is not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell."

Nephis froze.

She remained motionless for a few heartbeats, then slowly took a sip of her wine and carefully placed the glass on the table.

"She is not infected by the Spell? You… you taught her how to Awaken naturally?"

Sunny nodded.

"It took four years, an endless amount of research, and some special circumstances, but yes. That is what my incarnation in the Song Domain has done."

Nephis suddenly leaned forward, white sparks ignited in her eyes.

"Do you understand what that means?"

He sighed.

"To me… it means that she did not have to gamble her life in the Nightmare. But yes, I understand. Her achievement might shake the very foundation of our world, one day in the future."

Because it was a path to power for humanity to take that had nothing to do with the Nightmare Spell.

Because it offered choice, and maybe even freedom.

Nephis stared at him silently for a while, then leaned back with a stunned expression.

A few moments later, she smiled brightly and said in a playful tone:

"I could kiss you right now."

Sunny answered with a polite smile of his own.

"...Please do."

In the end, the important matters they had to get to ended up being postponed quite a bit, after all.




***
Chapter 2041: Spellsmith


***






Eventually, they entered the Brilliant Emporium. Aiko was away, running errands beyond the Ivory Island — while Sunny and Nephis had enjoyed some respite, she had been busy in these last few days.

The logistics of an Awakened army were unusual and complicated. Soldiers would inevitably earn Memories as the number of battles and skirmishes mounted, but not all of these Memories would suit them well. Therefore, an elaborate redistribution system was required.

Usually, a dedicated quartermaster would handle these matters within the unit and cooperate with other units to help Memories find suitable owners. The Fire Keepers were far fewer in number than the other legions of the Sword Army, but their kill count was disproportionately formidable — and, therefore, the number of Memories being purchased and sold by them was quite high, as well.

So, Sunny had to do some actual work as their nominal Memory Purveyor… or rather, he had to make Aiko do it for him.

Nephis had used her punishment to deliver an arsenal that the Fire Keepers had accumulated on the frontline to the main camp, so Aiko was currently very busy visiting all the other quartermasters to arrange trades.

He felt a little guilty about overworking his assistant, but on the other hand, she was surely having the time of her life. After all, the Brilliant Emporium was receiving a commission from each transaction, and they were earning quite a lot of soul shards these days.

'...War is indeed a profitable racket.'

Sunny did not know whether to feel happy or disgusted by how true that statement was.

"Are you hungry?"

He himself had worked up quite an appetite since breakfast. Receiving a light nod, Sunny smiled and went about gathering a tray of snacks.

They took it to the workshop of the Brilliant Emporium, where a special crucible had been set up in recent months. Nephis used her Aspect to ignite the mystical wood gathered in the depths of the Hollows with her soul flame. Sunny watched the white flames dance for a while, then sighed and dismissed the Nebulous Mantle.

The shadows populating the basement instantly seemed to grow much deeper, darker, and colder.

He took off his shirt, as well, revealing his chiseled torso — his skin could easily withstand the sparks of the Transcendent fire, but his clothes could not. Plus, the heat of the crucible was simply too fierce…

Well, and Sunny secretly enjoyed the appreciative glances Nephis threw his way from time to time while he worked.

Currently, she was sitting on a workbench, enjoying the snacks and looking at him with a faint smile.

Sunny sighed and opened a small wooden box. There was a piece of strange ice inside, as well as samples of various precious metals. Another box contained a scattering of soul shards.

He manifested long tongs from shadows, and used them to place a specially crafted crucible above the soul flame. As Sunny poured a little bit of essence into it, a weave of runes ignited on its surface, dim and bleak in the radiance of the white flame.

His tongs survived just long enough to place the crucible in place.

Sunny looked into the flames, thinking about the task at hand. His mind became consumed by an endless tapestry of ethereal strings.

"...Tell me about your sorcery."

Distracted, he glanced at Nephis. She seemed to be enjoying herself, observing him with sparks dancing in her eyes.

Sunny smiled.

Saying things aloud was actually a good idea. Perhaps, that way, he would be able to come up with a new approach…

He pointed to the crucible.

"There are still a few problems I need to solve before attempting to forge you a worthy sword. Today, we will determine the perfect alloy to become its vessel. I have already experimented extensively with various metals and mystical materials, but soul flame adds an element of unpredictability into the processes. So, we'll be conducting the last experiment today."

Sunny remained silent for a few moments, and then added in a lively voice:

"Weaving is different from most other kinds of sorcery. The Sorcery of Names has existed from before time itself — it is founded in the natural laws of existence. The Sorcery of Runes is built upon it, and therefore shares its source. But Weaving is artificial, and thus unnatural… it was created by a sole individual. Weaver, the Demon of Fate."

His expression turned contemplative.

"I am not sure if weaving itself is founded upon some nebulous laws of existence, or if that sneaky daemon tampered with existence to make it work. However, it does work — not through Names or Runes, but through special patterns of strings that serve as guides for the flow of essence. These strings do not exist on the material plane, so it takes special eyes to see them. It also takes special hands to touch them."

Nephis chuckled.

"I get it, I get it. You are special, Master Sunless. You have special touch..."

Sunny coughed, then grinned.

"Very much so! That said, I am not unique. There were other weavers throughout history, especially among the priesthood of the Nightmare Spell… but in our era, I am the only one. Ironically enough, I think that the Spell itself is to blame. Unless one is fortunate enough to inherit an very unlikely combination of Attributes, it is almost impossible to gain sight that allows one to perceive spellweave, let alone the ability to touch it."

He shook his head.

"Within the limitations of one's Aspect, at least — and since the Spell provides a straightforward and convenient path to power, very few people ever feel the need to wander aimlessly in search of unconventional sources of it. Therefore, no one has stumbled upon the truth of weaving yet, except for me."

Sunny sighed.

"Of course, that was simply the first step. A caveman would not automatically become an engineer after witnessing a textbook on material science… similarly, I had to study long and hard to reach where I am today."

He remained silent for a bit, and then added neutrally:

"All for this moment."

After that, Sunny scratched the back of his head and added in a less serious tone:

"Well, not this exact moment! I mean… the entire forging process we are undertaking."

Nephis smiled.

"That is quite impressive."

Sunny nodded and picked up the piece of mystical ice.

However, Nephis wasn't done talking.

Leaning back a little, he sent a crimson raspberry into her mouth and said languidly:

"Ah, how hot…"

Sunny accidentally dropped the piece of ice.

Looking back, he saw Nephis fanning herself with a hand. She met his gaze and raised an eyebrow.

"What? The workshop, I mean. It's getting rather heated."

He lingered for a few moments, then bent down to pick up the piece of ice.

'I am definitely dragging her to the lake after this is done… and throwing her into the water, too...'




***
Chapter 2042: Cold Flame


***






Sunny concentrated on creating the alloy. There was little common sense to what he was doing now, since the qualities of the materials transcended the mundane. The foundation of the alloy was a piece of the mystical ice that had once been the heart of the Transcendent Titan, Winter Beast. The metals were no less storied, sourced from the treasury of the royal clan at great expense.

The flame had come from the soul of Changing Star… another Transcendent Titan. Of course, Sunny was not simply melting the materials by exposing them to the immolating heat of her fire — he had to use a crucible, which seemed to defeat the purpose.

So, he had created a special crucible first, one that was both capable of withstanding the destructive power of soul flame and able to channel it instead of simply transferring heat. The first attempt at casting the crucible was a Memory, but in the end, Sunny had to employ Cassie's help to create a special runic enchantment.

That was because there was an inherent problem with using soul flame while weaving…

Sunny sighed and explained as metals slowly melted in the incandescent crucible:

"We are using your soul flame for forging because, as far as I can tell, personal affinity between the Memory and its master plays a great role in binding the two together. That was what I observed when dealing with a soulbound relic left behind by the Demon of Destiny, at least… there was an arduous condition that one had to meet in order to bind it, which I assumed to be a test at first. But later, I started to suspect that it was as much of a necessity as a challenge, meant to foster mutual affinity."

In hindsight, it made sense that Nether had been the one to create Soulbound Relics. These relics were able to grow and change with their owners, after all, almost like living beings. Considering how obsessed the prideful daemon had been with creating life, it was unlikely to be a coincidence.

The metals had already turned into incandescent liquid, but the mystical ice still remained, radiating an oppressive feeling of cold. Sunny continued:

"Therefore, a Memory forged in the fires of your soul would naturally have a high affinity to you. Sadly, there lies the problem… your flame is simply too tyrannical."

Nephis raised an eyebrow.

"How is that a problem?"

Sunny smiled.

Indeed. He had not expected to encounter this particular roadblock, either.

"Usually, I create the vessel first, and then enchant it. But this Memory is quite special, so forging and enchanting have to happen at the same time — that way, the weave will be integrated into the very essence of the sword. Your flames can burn anything, though, material or immaterial. They can even burn souls."

Nephis tilted her head a little.

"...And you create enchantments from strings of soul essence."

Sunny chuckled.

"Indeed. I need your flame to create the sword, but it will be destroying the essence strings as I weave them together. It's a bit of a conundrum."

Nephis remained silent for a moment.

"I bet you have come up with the solution already, though."

Sunny looked at her curiously, then nodded.

"True… took me a while, but I did. I tried all kinds of methods trying to isolate the essence strings and protect them from the flame, but actually, the answer was ridiculously simple."

She raised an eyebrow.

"What is it? I'll say… it's a bit disheartening to hear that there's a simple way to render my flames harmless."

Sunny laughed.

"Well, it's just the nature of the essence strings themselves, you see. Before today, I've been using my own essence to create them, naturally. But for this Memory, we will be using your essence instead. Since the flame and the strings will be of the same source, one won't destroy the other. Using your own essence to construct the spellweave will increase the affinity of the Memory further, as well."

Sunny used one of the Quintessence Pearls installed near the furnace to fan the flames. The heat grew almost unbearable, and beads of sweat glistened on his porcelain skin like pearls.

The mystical ice was starting to give in to the soul flame.

"We would have had to get inventive to extract your essence if you were an Awakened. But you are a Saint… your soul has already escaped the limitations of your body, and your essence flows free, permeating the world. So, that step should not be too troublesome as long as you cooperate."

Nephis studied him for a while and smiled.

"It's strange."

Sunny looked at her in confusion.

"What is?"

She simply smiled.

"Just how… nonchalant you are about this. Every step of the way seems to demand inventing something that has never been done before, and yet you keep coming up with these revolutionary and elaborate solutions, not even bothering to acknowledge them as something important."

He stared at her for a few moments.

"Well, that's just science, isn't it? People who built the Obel Scale were doing something that has nothing been done before, too. Or those who had developed the earliest concepts of spelltech. Today, there is a woman in Bastion who is trying to build a working electrical grid in the Dream Realm… I bet she's going to succeed, too. It seems daunting, but finding solutions is what we, humans, are best at. Especially when motivated by necessity."

Still… Sunny was secretly delighted by the compliment.

He watched the small piece of ice turn into a liquid. It was definitely not water, and Sunny had no idea what the liquid actually was… however, he knew that it always remained cold, never boiled, and never evaporated.

It was also not going to remain a liquid for long.

The incandescent metals mixed with the melted ice, and he swiftly poured the searing silver mass into a small mold. A few moments later, it had already solidified, turning into a bar of lustrous steel.

Well, it wasn't actual steel, of course. Rather, it was an alloy that had never been created before, and therefore had no name.

Sunny was pretty certain of its deadly qualities, though.

Picking up the silvery bar, he weighed it in his hand, then studied it carefully.

If not for his outstanding resilience to elemental damage, his hand would have probably already turned to ice and shattered. The alloy was cold… dreadfully cold.

Cold enough to make him shiver.

But more importantly, it possessed all the qualities that were needed to forge a sublime sword.

The last experiment was successful.

Sunny smiled.

"This… will cut."

A blade forged from this would be sharp enough to cut the world.




***
Chapter 2043: Master of Forgery


***






Now that the small bar of silver alloy was ready, Sunny summoned Weaver's Needle and manifested two additional pairs of hands.

He also manifested a second incarnation, this one raising a dark hammer.

"This next part… is a practice run. Just to see if I can actually enchant something that is being burned in your soul flame."

Nephis sighed.

Before, she had only used her Aspect to ignite the fire — it continued to burn on its own, so she did not need to use her powers to maintain it. Therefore, she did not have to endure the suffering of her Flaw.

"What do you need me to do?"

Sunny lingered for a while, then smiled.

"First, let's try something simple. Just send your essence outward and don't resist when I try to take control of it. Think of it like healing your followers at a distance, but without intent or target."

In reality, all Awakened knew how to control their soul essence well enough to just pour it aimlessly into the world. However, that way, it quickly dissipated — Sunny needed something more meaningful. Luckily, the way Transcendent souls interacted with the world was special, and far less limited by boundaries.

Nephis nodded softly and closed her eyes.

In the next moment, Sunny could feel her presence growing stronger. The radiance of the dancing flame was suddenly brighter, and the fire itself surged. The shadows gathered in the dark chamber turned stark and sharp, with a gust of warm wind throwing his hair into disarray.

Shifting his gaze, Sunny could almost see rays of blinding light pouring from the seven radiant stars that burned within Neph's soul.

He took a deep breath.

'Now… can I actually manipulate her essence?'

As he focused on the beautiful light, a triangular serpentine head rose from the shadows beneath his feet. Serpent slivered up his leg and coiled around his body, turning into an extensive black tattoo.

Its [Shadow Guide] and [Spirit Guide] Attributes could very well prove helpful in this process.

Feeling a slight tingling in his fingers, Sunny reached toward the rays of radiant light and tried to grasp them.

It felt strange, trying to touch light.

And yet, unexpectedly, it worked.

Sunny was startled by how easy it was. Nephis seemed surprised, too, as if she felt something.

A moment later, her radiant essence easily escaped his control, as if rebelling against foreign touch.

His fingers tingled once more…

Was his ability to manipulate essence simply the consequence of possessing Bone Weave, or was Soul Weave involved, as well?

In any case, it seemed that Sunny could not control someone else's soul essence against the will of its master, even when it was dispersed freely outside their body.

Nephis froze for a moment, then shook her head.

"Sorry… I didn't mean to resist. It was just an instinct. I'll try to hold back this time."

Sunny nodded and reached toward the radiant light once more.

This time, the blinding rays did not escape his touch.

Guiding them cautiously, he began the familiar task of weaving essence into ethereal strings — only this time, the strings were not the familiar black, but instead bright and beautiful like pure starlight.

While his original body was busy creating essence strings, the avatar placed the alloy bar into the white flames.

Some time later, the alloy had heated up, starting to glow with an angry white glow. Not wasting any time, Sunny pulled it from the fire and placed it on the anvil.

A deafening thunderclap resounded when his hammer fell on the piece of incandescent metal. A powerful shockwave was released, and the Brilliant Emporium shook a little.

Behind him, Nephis leisurely raised her hands and pressed them against her ears.

'Focus…'

Sunny split his consciousness between two tasks.

One of his incarnations was hammering the bar of alloy into a suitable shape, while the other was starting to infuse it with the basis of a simple spellweave.

The metal was truly colder than a frozen hell. It cooled swiftly, forcing Sunny to plunge it into the furnace over and over again. Luckily, his guess had been right. The ethereal strings woven from Neph's own soul essence did not immediately burn to ash in the incandescent glow of her fire, withstanding it for now… his own shadow strings would have been destroyed in mere moments.

More than that, something strange was happening to the weave as it was washed by the soul flame. It was… changing, somehow. The patterns remained the same, but the feeling it gave Sunny was different — more profound, substantial, and integrated into the silver metal on a deeper level.

'Curious.'

That allowed Sunny to concentrate on the forging itself — not that there was a lot for him to do.

Usually, a smith would face a lot of challenges depending on their intent and the quality of the materials at their disposal. A sword like tachi, for example, involved a rather complicated forging process, with softer and harder metals needed to create varied rigidity between the edge and the spine.

A metal of low quality would need to be heated, folded, and hammered countless times to remove impurities and make the blade uniform along all of its length… and so on.

But Sunny was using an alloy that was beyond any mundane metal, and the design of the weapon he was forging was rather simple. So, he did not need to think about anything except precision.

And power.

The sublime alloy Sunny had created had to be resilient enough to endure being wielded by Nephis, so it was quite stubborn. Reshaping it with a hammer was no easy task. Sunny had to apply all of his fearsome Transcendent strength to each strike, which was a truly harrowing amount of force.

With each strike, a deafening thunderclap resounded, and powerful currents of wind were stirred. The Marvelous Mimic trembled and groaned, as if trying to complain.

As Sunny's hand rose and fell, lean muscles rolled under his glistening skin, making him seem like a statue chiseled from white marble. Incandescent sparks swarmed around his flawless figure, and white flames reflected in his onyx eyes. The scales of his black tattoo seem to glimmer like gemstones.

Nephis leaned back, enjoying the view.

However, after a while, there was a loud crack, and Sunny grew motionless.

His eyes narrowed, and his lips twisted into a grimace.

"Damnation."

Lowering the hammer, he looked at the debris laying at his feet, and sighed.

"...We're going to need a tougher anvil."




***
Chapter 2044: Faithful Companion


***






Eventually, they found themselves on the shore of the lake. The grey sky of Godgrave was shining far above, so the lake itself seemed grey, as well. However, at the same time, its waters shone resplendently, almost to the point that it was painful to look at it.

The water was still cool and refreshing, though — a fact that both Sunny and Nephis had already enjoyed.

Sunny in particular, who felt a bit drained after long hours of forging.

It had taken him many attempts to figure out how to work the silver alloy, in the end. Still, he managed to succeed.

Currently, Sunny was laying on a blanket, spinning a simple silver knife between his fingers. The knife did not possess any enchantments except for those that made it a Memory, but it had been forged in the flames of Neph's soul, and enchanted with her essence.

"May I?"

He looked at Nephis, appreciated the lavish view of her tantalizing body for a few moments too long, and offered her the knife with a smile.

'That swimsuit… is a crime.'

She took the knife and studied it with a curious expression.

Eventually, Nephis shook her head.

"It feels good in my hand. But I don't sense any special bond to it."

Sunny nodded.

"That is because soul flame and essence strings are only one of the necessary ingredients if one wishes to create a Soulbound Relic."

She studied him for a few moments.

"What are the rest of the ingredients?"

Sunny lingered with an answer, not wanting to admit that he wasn't completely sure.

He was confident enough that his theories were correct, but… they would only know after attempting the forging.

Eventually, he gave in to the pain of his Flaw and spoke:

"Well, first of all… I've decided to cheat a little. Instead of creating a new Memory, I want to reforge one that you already possess."

Nephis propped herself up on one elbow and looked at him from above, her beautiful silver hair falling down like a waterfall.

"Oh?"

Sunny nodded.

"In fact, it is the first Memory you have ever received. The Dream Blade."

The silver longsword that Nephis had received in her First Nightmare, and wielded while wandering the Forgotten Shore, the Nightmare Desert, the outskirts of the Underworld, and the depths of the Second Nightmare.

She seemed surprised.

"The Dream Blade? But… it is merely a Dormant weapon of the First Tier. Is it suitable to become the base for such a powerful relic?"

Sunny slowly shook his head.

"It doesn't matter what Rank or Tier it is. What matters the most is the bond between it has with you. Correct me if I am wrong, but that sword was your companion throughout some of the most dreadful chapters of your life. And it served you well."

Nephis hesitated for a bit, then nodded.

"Indeed. No other sword has ever been able to compare."

Sunny hesitated for a bit, then added cautiously:

"There is another reason why I chose the Dream Blade, actually. That sword… it was a bit strange from the very beginning, wasn't it?"

She raised an eyebrow.

"How so?"

Sunny considered his words for a few moments.

"You should know. You only killed one Nightmare Creature in your First Nightmare, after all — the Awakened Terror that had trapped you in a dream. And yet, you brought back two Memories. An Awakened armor of the Sixth Tier, which you gave to Cassie on the Forgotten Shore, and the Dream Blade. A Dormant weapon of the First Tier. Where did the second Memory come from?"

Nephis hesitated.

"You… seem to know a whole lot about my First Nightmare. Curious. There are very few people I have ever told about it."

Sunny shrugged.

"Two people can only keep a secret if one of them is dead."

She studied him with an amused expression, then chuckled.

"I guess. In any case, I received the Dream Blade after escaping the dream. It was what I used to slay the Terror while it was wriggling in pain. I might not have survived otherwise… so, I simply assumed that the dream itself was like a living being, which I destroyed."

Sunny nodded.

"That is most likely the case. However, I can't help but think about a different possibility. A more symbolic one, perhaps. After all, you have destroyed that dream by burning yourself alive. So, one might think that you received that Memory for slaying… yourself. A Dormant Memory of the First Tier for the life of a Sleeper. Sounds strange, but it would not be the strangest thing the Spell has done by far."

As Nephis considered his words with a perplexed expression, Sunny sighed.

"No matter if there is any truth to that theory, though, the Dream Blade is still our best choice. Of course… if I fail, it will be destroyed. Therefore, we will only have one attempt to get it right."

She laid back down, remained silent for a few moments, and asked:

"When will we make this attempt, then?"

Sunny contemplated the answer.

He had already considered and tried almost everything he could think of.

For example, there was the bizarre idea of attempting to forge the sword within Neph's Soul Sea. Sadly, she seemed to be too powerful to be imprinted by the [Mark of Shadows], and Sunny had no way to enter someone else's Soul Sea otherwise.

He had also considered replacing the soul shards necessary for creating the Memory… with one of Neph's own soul cores. But while she could sacrifice her cores to receive astonishing power, there was no real way for them to simply carve out one of them — without destroying it, at least. Besides, the Mantle of the Underworld had not required its master to use their own soul as fuel.

Sunny had even examined each of the thousands of silent shadows resting in his soul, hoping that one would possess an ability that Serpent could use to help the forging. Alas, powerful Nightmare Creatures capable of manipulating souls were very rare, and Sunny had been fortunate enough to not cross paths with many of them.

So, there was no point in postponing the inevitable anymore.

He sighed.

"The day after tomorrow. There won't be a better opportunity later."

Sunny turned his head, looked at Nephis, and smiled.

"In the meantime, though, I am going to need you to pull some strings on my behalf, princess. There is this one thing I still want to try…"

She turned her head, too.

For a few moments, they were laying side by side, their faces almost too close to each other. Sunny stared into her calm, grey eyes silently, feeling content and at peace.

Then, her eyes grew a little livelier.

She smiled with a hint of mirth.

"Oh? There is a thing you still want to try?"

Sunny closed his eyes and let out a tortured sigh.

'All this teasing!'

When he opened his eyes again, his gaze was quite heated.

But what could he do?

His Flaw compelled him to answer truthfully, so that was what he did…




***
Chapter 2045: Professional Exchange


***






Even on the last day before attempting to forge the soulbound sword, Sunny did not feel completely confident. Therefore, he decided to try a far-fetched gamble — if things went well, he could gain an unexpected spark of inspiration. But even if there was no result, it was still something that he had been curious about for a long time.

He wanted to observe the forgemasters of Clan Valor while they created Memories.

After all, depending on how things went in the near future, Clan Valor could very well cease to exist. It would be a real shame if he had never even glimpsed the secrets of their craft, considering that they were the closest thing he had to colleagues.

He knew a few things about the spellsmiths of Valor, of course.

For example, he knew that they were not weavers, but rather a group of individuals whose Aspects allowed them to create Memories — some coming from the Valor bloodline, some adopted into the Great Clan as valued retainers.

It made sense, really. It was known that family members often — although not always — shared Aspects of similar nature. That was especially true for the Great Clans, whose scions inherited the same lineage Attribute… in the case of Valor, it was the divine lineage of War God, who was also the deity of craft and progress.

Granted, not all members of the branch families of Valor had it. Nevertheless, there were enough people with Aspects that had to do with crafting among them that Valor had been the dominant force in that field ever since the Nightmare Spell descended.

Therefore, it was not surprising that they had put a lot of effort into systematically recruiting similar talents, both through patronage and marriage, aiming to achieve a functional monopoly on all things having to do with forging Memories.

Sunny also knew that while the enchanters of Valor were inferior to him in many regards, there were also areas where they were superior. For example, they knew far more about runic sorcery than he did. They were also able to create Echoes, which he had not quite mastered yet.

So, his hopes were high.

The problem, however, was that the royal clan — quite understandably — guarded its secrets close. Not just anyone could meet the forgemasters, let alone observe them as they worked.

So, Sunny needed Nephis to pull strings and get him an appointment.

Fortunately enough, the forgemasters had followed their King to Godgrave… which also made sense, considering that this was where their skills were needed the most. And since they were too precious to send to the frontline, most of them were right here, in the main camp of the Sword Army.

The useless title of the Knight of Valor Sunny had received was also of some help… after all, it meant that he was technically not an outsider. More than that, he was the Memory Purveyor of the Fire Keepers, and Fire Keepers were technically a part of the Valor forces.

It was just that his knightly title was a sham, while Nephis and her warriors were pariahs in the royal clan. The enmity the elders of Clan Valor felt for her was only subtle enough to not be blatant.

However, the Sword Domain was currently at war. Here in Godgrave, Neph's authority was at its peak, while the influence of the elders was severely diminished. So, it did not take her a lot of effort to arrange a visit to the forge.

In the morning, as they walked toward the Valor Keep, Sunny couldn't contain his curiosity and asked:

"Was it very hard to get me in?"

Nephis remained silent for a moment, then shook her head lightly.

"Not really."

Sunny was a little surprised. He would have imagined that there would be at least some resistance, which was why he had not attempted to approach the forgemasters before.

"Huh. How come?"

She lingered with the answer.

"Well… I guess we have a kind of ally among the enchanters. In a way."

That sounded a little mysterious, but Sunny decided to let it go.

Countless gazes were following them as they walked across the camp. Nephis received fervent and admiring glances, while Sunny… not so much. Still, it wasn't as bad as it had been before — after all, he was a known entity now. Plus, the name of the Brilliant Emporium had already spread among the members of the Sword Army thanks to Aiko.

And, even if Sunny wanted to stay modest — which he did not — he and Nephis were simply too striking of a pair. It was difficult to dislike beautiful people.

"Wait…"

There was a reverberating sound of a horn, and everyone froze in place. Sunny and Nephis froze, too. A few moments later, the world suddenly turned unbearably bright, with every reflective surface in sight shining like a miniature sun.

The veil of clouds was broken.

Sunny sighed inwardly.

'Another Cloudbreak…'

Luckily, this time, he had managed to turn his head and look at Nephis in time. So, now, he could at least enjoy the view. The last time, he had been stuck staring at a wall for several hours.

Mercifully, this Cloudbreak had turned out to be a short one. Less than an hour later, the blinding radiance dimmed, and the frozen camp came alive again. By now, people were so used to these events that no one seemed too disturbed... there were very few casualties, if any, too.

Sunny stretched, massaged his shoulders, and followed Nephis to the gates of the Valor Keep.

The last time he had visited it… was in Cassie's memories, to interrogate Master Orum. Luckily, today, they were heading for the different part of the stone castle.

Passing a wide courtyard, the approached a large building with smoke coming from its many chimneys. Sunny had expected to hear the ringing of hammers falling on steel, but it was strangely quiet. A moment later, he noticed runes carved into the stones near the doors and windows of the forge, recognizing them as a part of a sound-suppressing enchantment.

'...Understandable.'

To be fair, he himself had been considering creating a silencing Memory after forging the small knife yesterday. Even his Transcendent ears could not withstand the thunderous clamor of his hammering.

Well, and... a Memory like that had some other uses, as well.

Chasing the unnecessary thoughts out of his head, Sunny threw one last curious glance at the exterior of the forge and went inside.




***
Chapter 2046: Spellsmiths of Valor


***






The forge Sunny and Nephis had entered was not the only space that the enchanters of Clan Valor used in the warcamp of the Sword Army. If anything, it was the less important of them — but he did not mind.

There was a small courtyard behind the outer wall, with harvested remains of the Nightmare Creatures piled neatly on the ground. Most of them had already been cleaned and processed, but there was still a heavy smell of blood lingering in the air.

Sunny studied the piles of hides, scales, bones, fangs, claws, tendons, and talons for a moment.

'Makes sense.'

Somehow, he had imagined this place to be full of metal and steel. But during the conquest of an untamed region of the Dream Realm, the main materials Awakened artisans would use were the corpses of the Nightmare Creatures — after all, they were readily available as a byproduct of the conquest itself, and often possessed amazing qualities as well.

Behind the material storage were the entrances to several crafting halls. Nephis led him to the central door, smiling softly in response to the reverent bows from the workers present in the courtyard.

"We are going to be visiting a pair of enchanters today. They are not the most senior, but also not without status… both are Masters, so you might want to treat them with some respect."

Sunny nodded.

Nephis knocked on the door, waited for a few moments, and then entered.

He could hear two voices coming from the inside:

"...Huh? What is it now?"

The first voice was female, hiding a hint of irritation.

"Oh, right. I forgot to mention. We have visitors today."

The second voice was male and quite nonchalant.

Sunny studied the two enchanters, a bit surprised. In his head, the forgemasters were all wizened, grey-haired old men. But these two look no different from most Masters he had met.

The first enchanter was a beautiful, petite woman wearing an emerald robe, with her hair gathered neatly into a bun.

The second enchanter was a seemingly absentminded man with messy black hair, dressed in peculiar patchwork garments. He wore plenty of accessories, too — both the clothes and the accessories seemed to be enchanted and self-made, making Sunny wonder what function each element was meant to play.

Nephis nodded.

"Master Snow. Master Alice."

The men responded with a nonchalant bow, while the woman suddenly froze.

Her eyes widened slightly.

A moment later, she seemed to regain her composure and bowed elegantly.

"Lady Changing Star, Master Sunless. It's an honor."

Despite her refined manners, Sunny couldn't help but feel like the gazes she threw at them were a little… heated.

'Is this the ally Neph mentioned, perhaps?'

He wasn't sure, but there was something familiar about these glances.

They were strangely similar to how mundane people usually looked at Kai, back in NQSC…

Sunny coughed.

"Pleasure to meet you."

The petite woman did not respond immediately.

Master Snow, meanwhile, studied him for a moment.

"So, is it true?"

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"What is?"

The man scratched the back of his head.

"That you are an enchanter."

'Ah.'

Initially, Sunny had wanted to hide the fact that he could create Memories — and it was still hidden, somewhat. However, once he started modifying Memories from the Fire Keepers and sending Aiko out to gather samples for him to study, it was hard not to reveal the fact that he could at least change their enchantments.

He nodded.

"I am indeed somewhat capable of enchanting. Look — I made it myself."

With that, he threw the silver knife to the forgemaster.

Master Snow caught it with a motion that betrayed more than a modest amount of battle experience, studied it for a few moments, then grimaced.

"Well… at least you are a decent blacksmith."

Forging the silver knife was an arduous process, but it only possessed the rudimentary enchantments shared by all Memories. By presenting it to the experienced spellsmith, Sunny painted himself as someone barely passing as an enchanter.

His little deception seemed to work quite well.

Master Alice gave her male colleague a scathing look.

"Don't say that! Yes, this thing can barely be called a Memory… and yes, I would have died of embarrassment if I showed it to anyone... but Master Sunless has many redeeming qualities!"

With that, she glanced at Nephis and smiled.

"Am I right, Lady Changing Star?"

Nephis raised an eyebrow.

"Well, yes. He is outstanding in many regards."

'That's right!'

Sunny struggled to maintain a polite smile on his lips.

Master Snow stared at him skeptically for a few moments, then sighed.

"Well, no matter. You are just here to observe, correct? We are not doing anything revolutionary today, but it still requires absolute focus. So… make yourself at home. But not too at home. Just… moderately at home, I guess."

The other enchanter nodded.

"Yes, yes… Lady Nephis, you can stand over there. The lighting there is the best… I mean, the view from there is the best. Oh, and Master Sunless, you stand next to her. Gods, they are so… I mean, I hope you are comfortable! We'll continue working, then."

As Sunny and Nephis moved to the wall opposite the entrance, the two enchanters continued what they had been doing while trying not to pay them too much attention.

Sunny was curious to see the process of enchantment, but for now, both were simply preparing the materials. From what he could tell, Master Snow was in the process of crafting a suit of scale armor. Master Alice, meanwhile, was carving something out of bone. It looked like... the hull of a toy ship? No, it had to be an elaborate arrowhead.

He lingered for a few moments, then asked:

"Are you both members of Clan Valor?"

The petite woman looked at him with surprise.

"Goodness, no. Well, he is — from a minor branch family. But I am a retainer… actually, I used to work for the government before the Chain of Nightmares. Later, I ended up in Bastion, and two Nightmares later, here I am."

The man, meanwhile, was fully consumed by his work. Sunny was not sure if the enchanter had even heard the question. He seemed like the kind of guy who would even forget to eat when obsessing over an interesting challenge.

So, Sunny looked back to Master Alice.

"Two Nightmares in four years… you must be quite impressive."

It used to be that people spent no less than a decade preparing to challenge the Second Nightmare. This timeline had shortened somewhat in recent years, but not to that degree.

The petite woman looked at him with a mortified expression.

"M—master Sunless… what are you... Lady Nephis is right here!"

He blinked, not catching her meaning.

Nephis seemed similarly confused.

'What? What did I say?'

Sunny forced out a polite smile.

"Please forgive me. Then, if you don't mind me asking… how, exactly, do the enchanters of Clan Valor create Memories?"




***
Chapter 2047: Infusers and Forgers


***






Alice gave him a curious glance, then continued to carve arrowheads with a small smile. The enchanted knife she was holding moved nimbly, slicing the bones of Corrupted abominations like butter.

"There is no single method we use to enchant items — all Aspects are unique, after all. However, over the decades, a sort of unified classification was developed to make sense of it all. Well… or so I've been told. I have only joined Valor a few years ago."

She glanced at Master Snow, as if expecting him to pitch in, but then sighed and continued herself:

"Warriors of Valor are not the only ones who get to have fancy titles, you know? Sir Sunless. Just like you guys are called Squires, Knights, and Paladins, we enchanters have a hierarchy consisting of three ranks, as well. Granted, ours have nothing to do with the actual Soul Rank of a person, but are instead based on the nature of one's Aspect."

Sunny scratched the back of his head.

"I am already a Knight of Valor, though. If I were to receive an enchanter title from the royal clan, what would people call me?"

Master Alice suddenly let out a laugh, then covered her mouth with a hand and glanced at Sunny with wide eyes.

A few moments later, she forced out an apologetic smile.

"Ah yes… of course! You are a brave and valiant Knight, Sir Sunless. No doubt about it. Still — enchanters are much rarer than warriors. So, we are held in high regard. There are many of us who feel at home on a battlefield, actually, but our duty in the forge is more important. Therefore, the titles we receive in the forge technically take precedence. We don't use them much, though."

Sunny smiled and turned his head to look at Nephis.

"Did you hear? Enchanters seem to be more valuable than warriors."

She glanced at him evenly, then asked in a neutral tone:

"What about healers, Master Alice?"

The petite woman raised an eyebrow.

"Oh… well, healers are the most precious, of course! A talented enchanter might be worth their own weight in gold, but a powerful healer is simply priceless."

Nephis continued to stare at Sunny with an aloof expression.

The corner of her lips, however, curled upward ever-so-slightly, betraying a hint of smugness.

'...Cute.'

Master Alice, meanwhile, continued:

"In any case, our version of the Squire, the Knight, and the Paladin is the Infuser, the Forger, and the Spellsmith. I mentioned these titles from the least prestigious to the most venerated — however, they are not mutually exclusive. A person can be both an Infuser and a Forger, for example. Oh, there are also Scribes — those who have mastered the Runes. That guy over there…"

She pointed her carving knife at Master Snow:

"...is technically a Scribe Knight, as well as a Spellsmith. I, on the other hand, am both an Infuser and a Forger — but since all these titles are a bit convoluted, we are simply called Forgemaster Snow and Forgemaster Alice. Now, you might have already guessed the meaning of these titles, but let me explain."

Sunny was listening to the petite woman intently. This was not exactly vital information, but he was still quite interested to learn about the inner workings of the storied Clan Valor. There was no other group quite like it anywhere out there, after all, and no force as fearsome among the human factions.

It was fascinating that the true strength of Valor lay not in their martial prowess, but in their technology and craft.

Master Alice continued to carve an arrowhead out of Transcendent bone as she explained:

"Infusers make up the bulk of the enchanters of Valor. Most of them are retainers like me, too… our power comes in many forms, but at its core lies the ability to permanently enhance and augment inanimate objects. Make weapons sharper, armor more durable, walls less likely to crumble. Or, alternatively, infuse inanimate objects with special qualities — for example, infuse an arrowhead with the quality of exploding on impact."

She waved the half-carved arrowhead in the air and smiled.

Sunny nodded.

He understood the concept… Samara of his Evacuation Army cohort had been somewhat of an Infuser, in a sense — that was why her bullets could slay powerful Nightmare Creatures. Only, in her case, the infusion of charged essence had not been permanent, lasting only a few days.

He sighed.

Maybe that would have changed if Samara had been given a chance to become a Master.

"That does not make these enhanced items into Memories, though."

Master Alice nodded.

"I'm getting to it! Right… the work we Infusers do might not seem as impressive as that of Forgers and Spellsmiths, but it is still very important. Not the least of all because infused items often endure the Runes better, and can therefore be augmented even further by the Scribes."

That also made complete sense to Sunny. He already knew that different materials possessed different arcane capacity — some could withstand immense spellweaves crafted from powerful soul shards and potent essence, some were so mundane that they would disintegrate under the strain of the simplest enchantment.

"So what do the Forgers do?"

The petite woman looked at him with a smile.

"Just what the name suggests, of course! We are masters of forgery."

Finishing carving the arrowhead, she raised it in one palm, and took an uncut fragment of bone with another hand. Sunny sensed a subtle flow of soul essence, and then both of the woman's hands ignited with a soft emerald glow.

Bathed in that glow, the rough fragment of bone slowly melted and changed shape, turning into a perfect copy of the carved arrowhead.

Master Alice compared the two with a discerning eye, nodded in satisfaction, and picked up another arrowhead — this one forged from lustrous metal and engraved with a beautiful filigree of runes.

"Forgers possess Abilities that allow them to copy or replicate items — either in their entirety or only certain traits. Some can duplicate weapons, for example, some can copy a quality of one weapon to another. There are far fewer Forgers than there are Infusers, and many of them come from the minor branches of the Valor family."

She lingered for a moment, and then added:

"That said, Forgers are not at all as powerful and precious as Spellsmiths… and yet, they are perhaps the most important cog in this miraculous machine. Do you understand why?"

Nephis tilted her head in confusion, but Sunny's eyes suddenly glistened.

"Members of the Valor family can transfer a quality of one item to another?"

The petite woman nodded and let out a chuckle.

"Indeed. So, if a suitable Forger takes a Memory weapon and transfers the quality of [being a Memory] to an ordinary weapon that had been prepared by an Infuser and a Scribe… guess what happens?"




***
Chapter 2048: Different Foundations


***






Sunny took a deep breath, then exhaled slowly.

"It will become a Memory?"

Master Alice nodded.

"Yes! In fact, that is how most Memories produced by the forgemasters of Valor are made. A mundane weapon is forged, augmented by an Infuser, enchanted by a Scribe, and then turned into a Memory by a Forger. Of course, there are a million variations of the process, with different enchanters possessing different powers and strengths. But the basics are the same. And even if some Forgers can't copy the [Memory] quality, those who can pick up the slack."

She paused for a moment, then added with a sigh:

"There are more elaborate methods of Forgery, as well. Some of us can simply duplicate Memories, some can transfer particular enchantments — and so on. More powerful of the forged Memories are the result of carefully collecting suitable enchantments and transferring them to a single vessel, almost like assembling a perfect weapon from building blocks. Well, I won't bore you with details… suffice it to say that there is space for artistry in this process, too."

With that, Alice activated her Aspect once more. As Sunny watched, bewildered, the steel arrowhead in her right hand was suddenly enveloped by emerald light. Some time later, weak wisps of similar light started to shine from beneath the surface of the bone arrowhead, which she was holding in her left hand, as well.

Soon, the similar filigree of runes started to reveal itself on the ivory surface of the bone, as if burned into it from within by the emerald light.

Shifting his vision, Sunny peered beneath the surface of the bone arrowhead and held his breath.

Something miraculous was happening there, right in front of his eyes.

A storm of soul essence poured into the black abyss contained within the small piece of bone, drowning it in soft radiance. The cloud of essence drifted in the darkness, shining like a vast nebula… but then, its contours changed, becoming sharper and more defined.

Then, empty spaces revealed themselves between the wisps of shining gas, slowly growing as the strands of essence were compressed tighter and tighter. Turning into strings.

A spellweave was being born.

Sunny suppressed a sincere desire to applaud and simply put on an admiring smile.

"This is… amazing."

Master Alice sighed.

"Is it? Well… I guess so. The first few times — maybe a few dozen times — I was amazed, as well. However, there is certainly room for improvement. For example, it is usually too difficult for me to replicate Transcendent enchantments. I also spend too much essence on each attempt — this one is my first for the day, but starting from around the third, I'll have to substitute my own essence with soul shards. It costs quite a penny."

Sunny shook his head.

"Still."

Internally, he was thinking about something else.

So far… what both Infusers and Forgers did sounded a lot like the early stages of his own journey as a sorcerer, only built on a different foundation.

The foundation Sunny had used was observation, study, and understanding. By examining countless weaves, he slowly learned to separate particular patterns of ethereal strings from the radiant tapestries. Then, he deciphered the meaning of some patterns, and learned how to replicate them.

For the longest time, his entire repertoire was nothing but replication. Just like the petite enchantress had said, it was very much like assembling a Memory from building blocks — only, in his case, Sunny had to prepare the blocks himself. Later, he attained some liberty in how to implement them, thus gaining the ability to attune the copied enchantments according to his needs.

The foundation the forgemasters of Valor used, though, was based on power and happenstance. There was a lot of skill and shrewd calculation involved in how they created Memories, sure, but they ultimately relied on the unique nature of their Aspects instead of understanding.

Funnily enough, at that stage, the result was the same. A Memory Sunny could create a few years ago would have hardly been superior to a Memory created in the forges of Clan Valor.

The difference, though, was that the path these enchanters followed was static, while his was not. Since the forgemasters relied on their Aspects to forge Memories, they were doomed to be forever limited by the boundaries of their Aspects.

But Sunny could develop and learn. His only limit was his enlightenment and comprehension. So, even though he had been no different from a Forger in the past, he was infinitely more capable than any of them could ever be now.

He had already delved into the very essence of weaving, gleamed its secrets, and grown capable of creating unique enchantments instead of copying the ones provided by the Spell — therefore, he did not need to follow someone else's blueprint, or be limited in what he could build by the shape of available blocks.

If he was correct, then his current level was akin to the most revered rank among the forgemasters — the Spellsmith… or maybe even already beyond that.

If not, then it was going to be soon.

Sunny smiled politely.

"What about the Spellsmiths, then?"

Master Alice glanced at her partner, then shrugged.

"Those are very few. All of them are members of the Valor family, and most are direct descendants — the children and grandchildren of the Warden. This guy here is a rare exception, since he is at best a very distant cousin to Princess Morgan… oh, and to you too, Princess Nephis!"

She beamed at Nephis, then sighed wistfully.

"Spellsmiths… can imbue armaments with mystical traits and enchantments directly, without having to copy them from somewhere else. I'm not really sure how it works, but their Aspects are all rather unique. They also possess a wealth of knowledge, the best equipment, and receive the most resources. Well, no wonder — after all, the senior and most distinguished Spellsmith of the royal clan is the King himself. His craft… it's on a different level, entirely. Almost miraculous."

The petite woman glanced at Master Snow and added in a slightly embarrassed tone:

"This guy can explain better. He'll be done with the current task in a bit, and then, you'll be able to see a demonstration."

Sunny nodded. He had surmised that Master Snow was the kind of artisan who got completely absorbed by his work — so, it wasn't wise to try to distract him now. If anything, he was surprised that Master Alice was so accommodating.

There… she was staring at them again, wasn't she?

His smile almost faltered.

"I have a couple more questions, if you don't mind."

The petite woman shook her head energetically and picked up a second bone arrowhead.

"Oh, of course! By all means. Anything you want, Master Sunless... I mean... no, n—not anything! I didn't mean it that way..."

Sunny stared at her for a moment while considering his words.

"Forgemasters can also create Echoes, can't they? I've seen a few."

Master Alice nodded with relief.

"Y—yes — in theory. And we do, sometimes. Forgers can create very crude automatons, while Spellsmiths can create true artificial Echoes. The process is not much different from forging Memories, just… way more time-consuming. It can take a senior Spellsmith an entire year or more to craft a single Echo. By comparison, dozens of Memories can be crafted in the same span of time. So, artificial Echoes are quite rare. They are mostly forged out of curiosity, for research, or to test yourself."

Sunny nodded. It made sense, somewhat. Echoes were never equal to the original, so arming Awakened elites well was a more efficient way of spending resources.

And then, finally, the last question… not the most important of them, but one of great interest to Sunny personally.

"And… the names. Who comes up with the names for the forged Memories? And the descriptions?"

Master Alice seemed a little surprised by the question.

"Uh… excuse me?"

Sunny leaned forward.

"Well, you know. This bone arrowhead you made into a Memory. Did you give it a name? Something like, I don't know… [Bonehead]? [Bone and Arrow]?"

The petite woman gave him a strange look, then shook his head.

"Oh, no… the Spell names them for me. Some of the Spellsmiths have the ability to name and describe their creations personally, but most don't."

She lingered for a moment, then added politely:

"If you are curious, Master Sunless, I can check…"

The petite woman turned her head and stared into the air, clearly studying the runes.

"Huh. That's strange…"

For a moment, Master Alice had an incredulous expression on her face. Then, she shook her head with a hint of bafflement.

"The Spell seemed to have named it… [All Aboard]? What does it even mean? How... embarrassing..."




***
Chapter 2049: Things to Do in the Apocalypse


***






Master Alice concentrated on creating more enchanted arrowheads. As she explained, they would be attached to shafts and fitted with fletching later — and most likely by a different forgemaster.

After the second one, the petite woman dove into a lockbox containing the crafting hall's daily allocation of soul shards and used them to bolster her Aspect. Every once in a while, the shimmering crystal she was holding in her hand would crack and crumble into dust.

Sunny studied the process with a thoughtful expression.

No wonder custom Memories were a luxury reserved for the private troops of the royal clan. The work of the enchanters was chillingly expensive — especially considering that each of the spent soul shards could have been used to strengthen the core of an Awakened soldier.

In Antarctica, the continent had been flooded with great hordes of relatively weak abominations. That was why soldiers of the Evacuation had many opportunities to saturate their cores — but here in Godgrave, all Nightmare Creatures were stronger and more ferocious than the warriors of the two human armies.

Killing them was a tough task, and therefore, the soul shards were scarce. There were also many more Awakened here than there had been in Antarctica, so most soldiers still had plenty of room to grow.

That just went to show how exclusive the services of someone like Sunny were. Aiko was right… the Brilliant Emporium had to be presented as a luxury service. Very few people could afford bespoke Memories, especially considering that the royal clan was the main source of them by far.

Usually, Sunny would have felt bliss at the confirmation of his bright financial future, but today, his thoughts wandered in a different direction.

The situation in Godgrave — overwhelming enemies that were dreadfully difficult to defeat even for powerful Awakened, scarcity of resources, and a constant attrition of human lives — seemed to resemble what awaited humanity in the future very much.

Once more pieces of the waking world were swallowed by the Dream Realm, the civilization as he knew it would slowly start to collapse… transform, at best. The Dream Gate exodus would accelerate, with most of the population slowly migrating to the other side — at least if Nephis had anything to say about it.

If it was left to the Sovereigns to decide… who knew. Sunny could easily see a situation where the ruthlessly pragmatic Supremes simply shut the Dream Gates, leaving billions of people to die. Because the human enclaves they had been preparing in the Dream Realm for decades could only sustain hundreds of millions of inhabitants, not billions.

But even if the Sovereigns were defeated and Nephis usurped the throne of war, the future still looked dire.

There were more Death Zones in the Dream Realm, after all… and nothing really held the dreadful creatures populating them from migrating to greener pastures. Especially once those pastures were populated by countless humans, and started to emanate the alluring scent of myriads of human souls.

In fact, Sunny expected that to happen. A slow, inevitable, and terrifying escalation that would bring humanity to the brink of destruction. Not only because he had a habit of expecting the worst from the world, but also because there were relevant examples.

There had been five other Divine Realms swallowed by the Dream Realm before his world, after all. There were Supremes among the inhabitants of those worlds, too. And yet…

If it was so easy to survive in the Dream Realm, those civilizations would have still been around. But something had wiped them out, leaving no survivors… in fact, Godgrave itself seemed to be the place where one of these civilizations had been destroyed.

What was a Cursed Tyrant doing in the ruins of a human city?

A chilling thought suddenly entered Sunny's mind.

There were no Cursed Ones in Bastion.

But there was at least one in North America…

So what was going to happen when America was consumed by the Dream Realm?

Would it appear north of the Forgotten Shore and the Burned Forest, like the fragment of Antarctica he had stumbled on?

Or would it appear somewhere else?

In the middle of the Stormsea, perhaps, or in the wilderness east of Bastion? Maybe even next to Bastion, moving other lands away?

Once it did, where would the Nightmare Creatures populating it go? Would they stay in place or disperse?

'Damn it…'

Before, Sunny had only been thinking about the approaching collapse of the waking world in terms of a human mass migration...

But there would probably be a mass migration of abominations, too.

After all, by the end of it all, there would be more Nightmare Creatures left in the waking world than humans. And they would be much more dreadful than they were now.

He sighed and briefly glanced at Nephis.

'We do indeed have to become Supreme…'

For now. But even that was most likely not enough to face the future.

Sunny would probably be able to slay a Cursed Tyrant like Condemnation after attaining Supremacy and establishing a vast Domain… somehow. But an Unholy Tyrant? An Unholy Titan?

Those were gods. Vile and corrupted, but still gods. And not only that, but gods of the highest caliber.

A mortal, no matter how powerful, could not defeat a god.

Sunny sighed again.

'Great.'

So, if he described it briefly…

These things were on his to-do list: forge a soulbound sword for Nephis, rebel against two Supremes and kill them, conquer the world, find and deal with the third Supreme, oversee the resettlement of the human race to the Dream Realm, become a god, and kill every god of the less handsome variety aiming to swallow humanity.

Oh, and also keep the flames of romance and passion alive in the process… with a workaholic girl who could not really remember him.

And keep his sister alive.

Preferably, make comically large sums of money while he was at it.

Sunny lingered for a moment, then lowered his head and rubbed his face.

'Ah…'

How come life had been so much simpler before?

He felt almost nostalgic about trying to survive in the outskirts.

Almost.

But not quite…

Nightmares, however, did feel strangely cozy and inviting at the moment.




***
Chapter 2050: Catalyst of Improvement


***






Luckily, Sunny had no time to stress about the glaringly eschatological nature of his daily life… or about romantic date ideas during the literal end of the world.

Soon enough, Master Snow — the Scribe Knight and Spellsmith — finished working on the cuirass of a robust scale armor and lowered his hands with a satisfied sigh.

The craftsmanship of the armor piece was exquisite. It was not an easy task, to work with the scales of a powerful abomination, but the man handled it beautifully. It was even of a higher quality than it needed to be — after all, the cuirass was meant to become a part of a Memory, and Memories tended to fit the body of their masters magically.

Perhaps Master Snow was a perfectionist — a quality that Sunny grew to dislike as he matured.

The man looked over to his partner and cleared his throat.

"It's ready to be Infused."

Alice temporarily put down the arrowheads and concentrated on the suit of armor, pouring a subtle, but constant stream of essence into it. It seemed that the Aspect Ability that made her an Infuser was her Dormant one — therefore, she could perform the Infusion even while low on essence.

With that, Master Snow hesitated for a few moments before turning to Sunny and Nephis.

"...You are still here?"

It was quite a rude question, considering that Nephis was his superior both in the military hierarchy and in that of the royal clan.

She smiled lazily.

"You know, Master Alice reminded me that we are distant cousins. Still… I think I can get you executed for insubordination if I really try. Or worse, get you permanently assigned to the Luminous Memories crafting hall."

Master Snow paled.

"L—luminous… what? You wouldn't dare!"

But then, he frowned.

"Wait, why are we even quarreling? It was an honest question."

Sunny sighed.

He suddenly sensed something very disturbing…

The feeling of starting to understand how Aiko felt when dealing with him.

"Yes, we are still here. We had a very illuminating conversation with Master Alice, and were waiting for you in hopes of witnessing a genuine Spellsmith creating a Memory."

Master Snow looked at him in surprise.

"Ah! I see. Well… I guess it would be an honor for someone like you to see a real Spellsmith at work. No problem."

Sunny's polite smile remained in place, but his eye twitched.

'...It's my own fault.'

He should have shown them something like [Definitely Not Me] or [In Case of Emergency] instead of a rudimentary Memory knife… of course, that would have caused its own swarm of problems.

There was some time left while Master Alice was Infusing the cuirass, so Sunny asked with sufficient reverence in his voice:

"I can conceive how Forgers make mundane items into Memories. But you, Spellsmiths… honestly, I don't understand at all. Do people from the Valor bloodline simply possess Aspects that allow them to wish enchantments into existence?"

Master Snow gave him a dubious look.

"You should understand what a Memory is well enough, as well as where it comes from. So, no… it is not as simple as wishing them into existence. We do often unseal Aspects that have to do with craftsmanship and invention, though… and mirrors — hence the various abilities tied to replication that Forgers possess. However, Spellsmiths are an entirely different breed. We do not copy. We… improve."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Improve?"

The man nodded.

"That sounds a bit like the job of an Infuser, huh? But no, what I mean is something else. Let's say that there is a sword, and a Spellsmith turns it into a powerful Memory weapon. From the side, it seems like the Spellsmith is placing enchantments on the sword — but in truth, he does not. Instead, he encourages the sword to improve. To become sharper, stronger, more lethal… to become closer to the flawless version of what it is meant to be. The sword itself is the source of enchantments. The Spellsminth simply serves as the catalyst of change, as well as its guide."

Sunny hesitated for a few moments.

"So the sword turns into a Memory… because it has always possessed the capacity to be one?"

It was a strange thought, but somewhat in line with Valor's lineage of War God.

War God was also the deity of craft, intellect, and progress after all. And life.

And life was a constant struggle.

So, Sunny could see a member of the Valor family being able to initiate the process of artificial evolution in something — the process of progress through iteration and struggle, just like natural selection was for living beings.

Of course, it was strange to consider that a chunk of sharpened metal could evolve.

Master Snow nodded.

"Just as a human possesses the capacity to be a god — the act which is revealed when one's Aspect is unsealed. You must have felt it as well, Master Sunless, on the day you conquered the First Nightmare… the fact that the source of power reshaping your soul and body was, and always had been, hidden within you. Not placed there by an outward force."

Sunny tilted his head, failing for the first time to maintain his polite facade. He was just too bewildered and engrossed by this strange… philosophy? School of thought? Nonsense?

In any case, he did remember feeling exactly what Master Snow had described. When the Spell helped him unseal the Shadow Slave Aspect, Sunny clearly felt that the source of the heat reforging him had come from somewhere within, from something that had been a part of him all along.

Even the word the Spell used hinted at fact.

[The First Seal is broken.]

[Awakening Dormant powers…]

Breaking a seal meant that the seal had existed somewhere inside him all along.

Awakening Dormant powers meant that they had been sleeping within him already.

Not that the Spell had placed the seal and the power into his soul as some form of reward… no, it had simply helped him access something that had already been there.

Sunny frowned.

'Actually… that makes a lot of sense.'

It was perfectly in line with what Ananke told them in the depths of the Tomb of Ariel about where humans had come from, and why they were so different from all other beasts and creatures.

It was because humans, just like the gods, had been born from the primordial flame of divinity… from the flame of desire. Their souls were formed from the sparks that had been cast when the Void was sealed in a net made from desire.

So, human souls came from the original source of divinity. Therefore, they could very well contain the potential for… everything.

An infinite amount of potentials — of all the Aspects that had existed, existed, and would ever exist. It was only when an Aspect was unsealed that the potential was realized, and therefore exhausted, turning infinite possibility into definite reality.

That was why Aspects came from within humans, and yet could very well have nothing to do with humans. Like Nephis, who had inherited an Aspect of a nephilim — or Sunny himself, who had inherited the Aspect of a divine shadow.

'Huh.'

Sunny narrowed his eyes a little.

'If I am the sword in this metaphor... then who is helping me improve?'

It was certainly not a Spellsmith.

Instead... it was the Nightmare Spell.




***
Chapter 2051: Guiding Hand


***






As far as Sunny could tell, the Spellsmiths of Valor believed that things were similar to humans — already containing an infinite amount of potentials that simply waited to be realized.

In the case of modern humans, the catalyst of this change was the Nightmare Spell.

In the case of inanimate objects… it was the Spellsmith.

Such an explanation was somewhat logical. However, Sunny was not buying one detail — the fact that becoming a Memory was closer to a flawless form for an object than its original nature.

That sounded too far-fetched. Sure, a Memory was a very convenient form for a weapon to take, but it was not exactly better or more true to what a weapon was supposed to be. Just different.

That also pointed to a broader problem with Master Snow's explanation. There were countless paths for any given thing to improve, so the potential change initiated by the Spellsmith would almost have to be random. And randomness was the enemy of design… a smith who could not control the result of their work to at least some degree was not worth being called one.

It went against what Sunny had observed the forgemasters could accomplish, as well. Morgan's Warbow had not seemed like a product of random growth, but rather like a masterpiece of human genius.

So, there had to be some kind of guidance involved.

Humans did not unseal Aspects randomly, either. There was cause and effect to what powers they received — their talent, their will, their circumstances, their accomplishments in conquering the First Nightmare. A person and their Aspect fit together like two pieces of the same puzzle, and the puzzle was complete with the third piece… their Flaw.

AS if fated for each other.

So, if Sunny had to say who or what guided Awakened through the sea of endless possibilities, he would have to say that there were two forces involved. One was their fate, and the other one was the Nightmare Spell.

Was the Spell manipulating fate, or simply going with its flow? He did not know.

Sunny lingered for a few moments.

"You said that Spellsmiths serve as guides of that improvement, as well?"

Master Snow nodded.

"Yes. It is hard to explain with words, actually… well, anyone would have trouble explaining how their Aspect functions, exactly, wouldn't they? Plus, while our Aspects often share similar traits, they are all different, in the end. Imagine it as… sensing imperfections within a weapon, as well as the countless paths it has to grow. Once you give power to the weapon's desire to improve, it undertakes to change itself blindly — however, it can't get far by trying to rush in all directions at the same time. The Spellsmith has to guide it to a certain path and keep it from wandering off the path, so that the change becomes profound."

So, countless existing possibilities were discarded in favor of a narrow, but far-reaching avenue of growth — with a Spellsmith like Master Snow deciding which direction was the most promising.

He grimaced.

"It sounds like a simple thing to do, but I assure you, it's anything but. Even though the source of change is the weapon itself, the Spellsmith has to possess a strong will and a clear focus to achieve a good result. More importantly, the Spellsmith has to possess a wealth of knowledge and understanding on all things, starting from the material composition of metals, both mundane and mystical, to far more obscure disciplines. After all, how well you understand the possible paths to improvement and how many of the endless number of them you can discern depends on your ability to recognize their existence."

Master Snow smiled.

"It's both an art and a science… but more art than science, in the end. So, one's work has to be inspired."

Sunny considered his words for a bit.

Now, things made more sense.

It was not that the weapon itself chose to become a Memory because a Memory was the more flawless form for it. It was the Spellsmith who chose the form of a Memory,because they believed it to be superior — an unsurprising view, considering how dependent all Awakened were on their Memories, and all humanity was on the Nightmare Spell.

Sunny smiled.

"I'm looking forward to seeing your demonstration."

Master Snow shrugged absentmindedly.

"Sure. Just… you can watch, but don't ask questions. As I said, the process demands absolute focus."

Sunny nodded politely.

After a while, Master Alice finished infusing the scale armor, and everything was ready for the final part of the forging.

The cuirass, as well as all other elements that had been crafted in Infused earlier, were placed in the middle of a large runic circle. Seven shimmering soul shards were positioned around it, each in its own node, while Master Snow knelt and placed his hand on the boundary of the circle.

As he closed his eyes, the runic circle started to emanate a pale glow.

'Curious.'

Sunny was not a great master of runic sorcery, but he did know a few things. From the looks of it, the circle was a rather simple one, meant to channel the Spellsmith's Aspect and add the power of the seven soul shards to his own. It had been created for convenience, not out of necessity.

After all, Master Snow would not have been able to juggle seven soul shards with one hand while keeping the other on the armor.

The fact that the runic circle was shining meant that soul essence was flowing through the conduits, which in turn meant that the Spellsmith was channeling his Aspect.

As the process of enchanting continued, Master Snow raised a hand and directed it at the Infused armor. Strings of golden light seemed to coil around his fingers, and then shot forward, each finding its way to between the tightly interlaid scales.

A moment later, Sunny sensed that the armor was starting to change.

There was an outward change, with the scales slowly beginning to assume a metallic sheen. But there was an invisible change, as well — or rather, visible to all but Sunny.

He shifted his gaze to the Infused cuirass.

His eyes narrowed a little when he saw what was happening inside it.




***
Chapter 2052: War Craft


***






Something similar, but at the same time different to what Master Alice had done to the arrowhead was taking place there.

The tapestry of a complicated spellweave was taking shape inside the armor. Only it wasn't forming all at once, as it had been with the bone arrowhead — instead, the process was more similar to how Sunny would have done it, one step at a time.

It was just that the speed with which the separate strings formed the patterns was astonishingly great… so great, in fact, as to seem instantaneous.

Nevertheless, the result was far worse than what Sunny would have done. The patterns that formed with tremendous speed were crude and messy, almost sloppy. There was no harmony to their flow, no intricate order. It was like a spellweave made by a dilettante.

At first glance.

Then, something strange happened. A pattern which had already been formed suddenly dismantled itself, the constellation of ethereal strings retreating like a tide. That, too, happened in an instant.

A few moments later, the pattern reassembled itself once again, this time looking a little more neat than before.

The process repeated several times. The strings would shoot forward to form a pattern, drift in the void for a few moments, and then retreat. The tapestry expanded and contracted, almost like the beating heart of a living being.

With each iteration, the messy spellweave seemed to improve a little. After a while, it became cohesive enough that Sunny could vaguely guess its purpose, staring at the strangely beautiful spectacle with a neutral expression.

There was the foundation of a durability enchantment, a heat-resistant enchantment, a strange friction-related enchantment, a weight enchantment…

Master Snow was certainly ambitious with his current project.

'How interesting.'

Sunny tried to make sense of what he was seeing.

The process was completely different from the Forgery Master Alice had demonstrated.She had simply transferred a quality of [being a Memory] from one arrowhead to another — as such, her Aspect power acted in a straightforward manner, without involving the Nightmare Spell.

But Master Snow was attempting something far more ambitious. He had indeed initiated the change inside the armor, allowing it to grow… quite like a living being would.

Currently, he was trying to guide that growth in a particular direction.

And the Nightmare Spell was assisting him.

It was very much like it had assistant Sunny, and even more so like she was assisting Cassie… and all Awakened, in a sense.

By now, it was clear that the direction of the growth an enchanted item experienced depended on the intent of the Spellsmith. Master Snow had called it guiding the form of an item to a more flawless state, and there might have been some truth to his statement. But to Sunny, it seemed like a large part of the change was still dependent on the Spellsmith's own vision, ability, and will.

Master Snow wanted to reshape the armor into a Memory that possessed a number of specific enchantments. However, he could not envision such a spellweave — he was incapable of seeing one, after all, let alone deciphering the complicated and mysterious logic that guided the patterns of essence strings.

What he could envision was the effect he wanted to achieve, though. The toughness of the armor, it's ability to repair itself in the owner's soul, withstand the merciless heat of Godgrave, and so on. Perhaps he knew enough runic sorcery to imagine how these enchantments would have had to look if expressed with runes, or perhaps not.

In any case, the Nightmare Spell was taking his intent… and simply translating it into the language of weaving. Just like it translated the insights Cassie received into runes, or the languages of the inhabitants of Nightmares into one that modern people could understand.

That was how Spellsmiths were able to create Memories.

The true powers of this branch of the Valor family most likely lie in special perception, an ability to unlock the potential of things, and then both guide and enhance their growth… at least of those things that were born from craftsmanship, conscious design, and skill.

It was a beautiful representation of the intersection between several domains of War God — craft, intelligence, and progress, all expressed through a struggle akin to that of life itself... to be used for war.

The Spell simply provided Spellsmiths with minor assistance, which, among other things, allowed them to include its own language into their repertoire.

Sunny could not help but wonder what Master Snow would have been able to do without that assistance. He would have been able to stimulate the growth of inanimate objects, still, as well as infuse them with special qualities… but most likely only those that he could personally understand and envision.

If he knew what being cut by a sharp blade felt like, he would have been able to guide a weapon to great sharpness. If he was familiar with runic sorcery, he would have been able to imbue the weapon with runic enchantments. The result still would have been quite astonishing — but it would not have included an element of weaving, which Spellsmiths neither knew nor understood.

But even with the help of the Nightmare Spell, the process wasn't easy.

The messy state of the supposed spellweave and its repeated failures to reach the desired state were proof. It was probably not easy for Master Snow to keep his intent sharp and find the one correct path to what he wanted to achieve among countless possibilities.

He was struggling.

Suddenly, Sunny wanted to see what it looked like when Anvil forged a sword. The nature of the process must have been similar… but his skill and intent would be infinitely more honed and precise.

It was a shame that Sunny had never witnessed the King working in the forge, and would never get that chance in the future,either.

Eventually, Master Alice approached and bowed with a sigh.

"This is going to take a while. In fact, for a Memory like this, the forging usually continues for many days… it can end in failure, as well."

Sunny shook his head.

"It's alright. Thank you. I have already seen everything I wanted to see."

The petite woman beamed.

"That is nice to hear! Then, Master Sunless, come back any time you wish. Lady Changing Star… I hope I will be able to forge Memories for you to use on the battlefield, one day."

Seeing the earnest look in her eyes, Sunny had no heart to tell Master Snow that her hope was unlikely to come true.

Nephis was too powerful to have use for most Memories…

And she had him, too.

Soon enough, the two of them left the crafting hall. Sunny was thinking deeply about something.

As they left the Valor Keep, Nephis glanced at him and asked:

"Well? Was it helpful?"

Sunny slowly shook his head, then nodded.

"No — and yes. I did not exactly get inspired, but I did gain confidence in the path I had been walking all along."

Then, his eyes glistened, and his lips twisted into a mischievous smile.

He lingered for a moment, and then added neutrally:

"Oh, but most importantly. Looking at them, I finally found a way to cheat the process…"




***
Chapter 2053: Stolen Credit


***






Witnessing the two enchanters at work had been of benefit to Sunny.

Firstly, it had satiated his curiosity. The hidden heart of the Great Clan Valor — its craftsmen — were quite a fascinating bunch… even more so than he had thought. Sunny had assumed that Clan Valor simply possessed a natural affinity to Aspects that allowed Awakened to create Memories, but the truth was more complicated.

Instead, there was an intricate and beautifully ingenious synergy between three different groups of Awakened artisans, with each group boasting its own unique range of powers that complimented those of the other two. Both the conceptual design and practical execution of this system were quite admirable, and gave Sunny a lot of food for thought.

But he had had benefitted in a more palpable way, as well.

Sunny could not deny the fact that it had felt gratifying, to learn that he had surpassed most of the enchanters of the Great Clan Valor. The path to becoming a capable sorcerer has been long and arduous, so it felt validating, to see how much more refined and sophisticated his sorcery was when compared to others.

And how much more it could achieve.

So, Sunny was now more confident in himself. Confidence was not going to help his achieve success in and of itself, but it did matter. The forging he was planning to undertake tomorrow was going to be a difficult challenge, so his mindset was important.

And there was another thing, as well…

Sunny had been inspired by visiting the forgemasters, after all… in a sense.

Strangely enough, the spark of inspiration had not come from watching Master Alice perform a Forgery of the bone arrowhead. It had not come from watching her Infuse an item, either.

Even the beautifully disturbing sight of a spellweave being born in the scale cuirass was not the source of Sunny's epiphany.

Instead… it was watching Master Snow craft the armor in the preparation for the enchantment.

Back then, Sunny had noted that the man must have been a perfectionist — because he had crafted the scale armor in too precise of a manner, doing extra work despite the fact that Memories rearranged themselves to fit the bodies of their owners anyway.

That was one of the rudimentary enchantments granted to each Memory by the Nightmare Spell. So, even if someone's craft was a little messy, the Spell would correct it on its own.

And that was what inspired Sunny.

Because he had realized that he had been unnecessarily ignoring one of the most powerful tools at his disposal… the Nightmare Spell.

Sunny was cut off from the Spell, so it was useless to him.

However, Nephis was not.

Nephis was still a carrier of the Nightmare Spell, and she still received its help. The Spell continued to translate dead languages for her, whispering into her ear, and granting her Memories for slaying foes.

The armor-type Memories would fit themselves to her body, the hilts of the weapon-type Memories would accommodate the size of her palm… and so on.

The assistance of the Nightmare Spell did not end with this minor benefit, either. There were more profound ways in which the Spell assisted Awakened — just like it had assisted Sunny in creating Shadows, was helping Cassie translate the insights of her Dormant Ability, and providing the forgemasters of Valor with a way to create Memories.

In case of Nephis, the Spell was not involved in her Aspect too much. The most it had done in that regard was providing her with an Aspect Legacy.

However…

Who said that Sunny could not exploit the Nightmare Spell just because he was banished from it?

Sunny, the creator of the Memory, was not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell, but Nephis — the recipient of the Memory and the person to whose soul it was going to be bound — still was. Since the binding was going to happen inside the soul of a carrier of the Nightmare Spell, the Spell would have no choice but to become involved in the process.

If there was ever a reason for the Nightmare Spell to take action, it would.

Therefore, Sunny could very well use its generosity.

As they walked toward the Ivory Island, he smiled subtly.

In truth, he did not have to create a perfect soulboud Memory. He could just create a Memory that was close enough to being soulbound, and let the Nightmare Spell fit it to Neph's soul itself.

Wouldn't that be perfect?

Not only would his chances of success increase tremendously, but he would also be able to observe the final changes the Spell made, and the way it interfered with the process. Armed with this last bit of knowledge, he would be able to master the creation of soulbound Memories entirely, and then use that knowledge to make a few of those for himself.

'It's perfect.'

Of course, that did not mean that Sunny could relax. He had to create a solid foundation for the Nightmare Spell to build upon… or rather, he had to create everything well enough for the Spell to deign it necessary to make the final touches.

He could handle that, though.

Everything was ready.

Well… almost everything. He just needed Cassie's help with the last part.

***

Some time later, Nephis was sitting on her bed with an incredulous expression.

Sunny, meanwhile, was on his knees, crawling around the bed.

After a while, she sighed and said in a neutral tone:

"You know, this was not what I expected when you said that we had urgent business in the bedroom."

Sunny finished drawing the last line of a runic circle Cassie had taught him how to draw, and looked up at her with a mischievous smile.

"Oh? What did you expect?"

Nephis coughed.

"Well… I don't know. A war council, perhaps."

Sunny grinned.

"No… it's just this. Plus, you can really blame me. Your living quarters are just one huge chamber, so the entire floor is technically your bedroom. Get some walls in here if you want to avoid misunderstandings!"

Shaking her head, Nephis leaned back and sighed.

"I like the space, though."

She paused for a moment, then added with a small smile:

"...And the misunderstandings."

Sunny chuckled.

Then, he took a deep breath and remained motionless for a few moments.

It was time.

"Summon the Dream Blade, please. Let's begin..."




***
Chapter 2054: Dreams of Fire


***






Some time later, Sunny descended the steps to the basement of the Marvelous Mimic alone. His expression was distant, and he was carrying a beautiful silver longsword in his hands.

Entering the workshop, he looked around its dark expanse. Shadows had reigned in this place unopposed before, but now, there were pure white flames burning in the tall furnace. Their radiant light pushed the darkness back, making them shrink while growing darker.

Sunny glanced at the furnace and sighed.

It was already showing signs of irreparable damage. Changing Star's flames were simply too ferocious — they destroyed everything they touched, and neither furnaces nor crucibles, even those made from mystical materials, could contain them for long.

So, most of his forge would have to be replaced after today.

It was a pity, since procuring this equipment had been both difficult and costly for him. However, it was also unavoidable… as Sunny's power grew, so did the potency of the sorcerous components he had to use. If not today, he would have had to renovate his forge sooner or later.

Adding more fuel to the furnace, Sunny walked over to the anvil — a new one, crafted roughly from a splinter of the dead god's bone — placed the Dream Blade on its surface, and peered at it.

The spellweave of the silver longsword was relatively simple, but beautiful. It was an exceptional Memory, by all accounts… otherwise, it would not have been able to serve Nephis for so long despite its modest Rank and Tier.

Of course, Sunny could not summon the runes and learn about it from the Spell. In fact, he could not even receive the Memory from Nephis without altering its spellweave first — which he had not done, since that would have defeated the purpose of what he was intending to do.

Still, Sunny could easily learn what was written in the silver blade's runes. After all, he had woven many names and descriptions into the weaves of various Memories — finding the strings expressing them and translating the ethereal patterns into familiar runes was not at all difficult for him.

Sunny studied the weave.

Memory: Dream Blade.

Memory Rank: Dormant.

Memory Type: Weapon.

Memory Description: [...Lost in the darkness, a lonely soul once dreamt of fire.]

He smiled faintly. That was all. There was no mention of the Tier, no list of its enchantments, and no description of what those enchantments could do. That was how most Awakened perceived their Memories.

It was only because of attaining Blood Weave that the Spell added more runes to what Sunny saw. Of course, it was merely translating what he could find out himself by examining the weave — the rest of the Awakened either had to find out the true potential of their Memories by trial and error or hire professional appraisers.

'It saved me so much money…'

He glanced at the description of the Dream Blade one more time. The runes expressed by the pattern of ethereal strings were, as always, a little ambiguous. They could mean that a lonely soul once dreamt of fire while lost in darkness… or maybe longed for warmth.

In fact, the description could have also meant:

[Sealed in the void, a forsaken soul desired warmth.]

Darkness, void. Dreaming, longing. Fire, warmth. And desire.

…It was a little ominous, knowing what he knew now.

Shaking his head, Sunny turned away from the pattern of ethereal strings expressing runes. Instead, he studied the weave of the Dream Blade itself.

Its single enchantment was quite intricate, but simple in function. It was meant to grant the wielder of the silver longsword resistance against soul attacks — a moderate amount of it, which was an incredible feat for a Memory of such a low Rank.

Sunny appreciated the beauty of the intricate design of the radiant spellweave, then sighed and raised his fist.

Bringing it down on the silver blade, he easily shattered it into countless pieces.

***

The Ivory Island was bathed in sunlight. A warm breeze caressed the pristine white walls of the Tower of Hope, sent ripples across the surface of the lake, and made the leaves of the ancient grove rustle peacefully.

Nephis was standing on the edge of the island, looking into the distance with a somber expression. After a while, she heard soft footsteps approaching her from behind, and heard a familiar voice.

"What are you thinking about?"

She turned and looked at the beautiful young man with pale skin and raven-black hair who was standing a few steps away, dressed in garments made of shadow.

"...Godgrave."

The young man raised an eyebrow, and his onyx eyes glistened with a hint of curiosity.

"What about it?"

Nephis looked away and continued to study the horizon.

After a while, she said evenly:

"Some people believe that Godgrave is what remains of a god. But I think that they are wrong… or rather, that they are right for the wrong reason."

He smiled.
