
"How so?"

Nephis looked up.

"...The sky above is what remains of a god. The ground below is, too. But that giant skeleton has nothing to do with one of the gods… it is far too small, insignificant, and paltry."

The young man considered her words for a few moments.

"So, what you are saying is that no one has been able to find the corpses of the gods… because the ground we walk on and the skies we live under themselves are their remains? That our world is not simply the Realm of the War God, but also her corpse?"

She nodded and looked at him with a wistful expression.

"Gods... are vast, Sunny."

He chuckled.

"Well, that makes it sound as if we humans are no different from maggots that were born to feast on the flesh of a dead god. Of course, one can also be more generous and interpret it as us being War God's children. Children of War… sounds quite fitting, considering our track record."

Nephis looked away once more, this time a hint of a sad smile on her lips.

After a while, she said:

"That would mean that all of us were born from a dead mother. That all of us are orphans."

Just like she had been, and was.

She lingered for a few moments, and then spoke in an even tone:

"You have three shadows today."

The young man smiled.

"That I do."

She frowned slightly, as if remembering that she had forgotten something, and asked after a short pause:

"When will we start forging the sword?"

He walked over to the edge of the island to stand side by side with her and looked at the horizon, as well.

"We have already started."

Finally, Nephis seemed to understand something. She looked at him with curiosity, hesitated for a few moments, and asked:

"This is a dream, isn't it?"

He laughed quietly.

"Yes, it is."

There was no warcamp around them. No titanic skeleton below the Ivory Island, no overcast sky above it.

Instead, the Ivory Island was drifting in the air above a calm ocean. The world was suffused with sunlight, and the perfectly still water below glowed beautifully, reflecting the brilliance of heaven. It was as if they were flying above a radiant sea of liquid gold, awash in breathtaking radiance.

Above them, seven pure suns burned brightly in the vast expanse of a brilliant sky.

It was a dream of her Soul Sea.




***
Chapter 2055: Soul Forge


***






Sunny had considered many ways to bind a Memory to Neph's soul. Eventually, he had come to believe that the most convenient way to establish a bond between the sword and her soul — at least among those available to him — would be to forge it simultaneously in the real world in her Soul Sea.

Sadly, he could not enter it — a fact that had made him envy Mordret for the first time in his life.

So, after contemplating for a long time, Sunny had decided on the next big thing…

He was going to reforge the Dream Blade simultaneously in the real world and in Neph's dream.

Master Sunless was in the forge, but the Lord of Shadows had called upon Nightmare and used the tenebrous steed to enter her dreams. The runic circle Cassie had taught him how to draw was meant to make the dream more malleable, give Nephis more control over it, and keep her asleep for a long as was needed to finish the forging.

And Nephis… currently, Nephis was dreaming of her Soul Sea.

Sunny enjoyed the breathtaking beauty of it for a while. His own dark and lightless soul had its own charm, yes… but this world of golden radiance and pure sunlight was simply wondrous to behold.

Like heaven.

Something told Sunny that it could be quite inhospitable when invited uninvited, though. Otherwise, the Soul Stealer would not have perished within it so miserably after Nephis annihilated Twilight.

Seven brilliant suns, a vast expanse of radiant water below. And the beautiful island drifting in the air between the two.

It seemed that the replica of the Tower of Hope had appeared in Neph's Soul Sea, just like a replica of the Nameless Temple had appeared in his. Of course, there was no legion of silent shadows to surround it.

Sunny suspected that there was something similar here, however. Perhaps if the seven suns rolled over the horizon, thrusting the calm ocean into the embrace of night, he would see countless stars burning on the velvet background of the black sky — each representing one of the souls inspired by Neph's longing.

They were currently standing at the edge of the island, looking over the golden ocean of light. Nightmare was also here, on the other side of the island… grazing on the emerald grass peacefully. The sight made Sunny feel quite bewildered, since he had never seen his steed eat anything except the bleeding flesh of his enemies before.

Perhaps dream grass was just as tasty.

Sadly, Sunny could not keep him here for long. It was already risky enough to bring Nightmare away from his mark, which had barely been lulled into slumber and could awaken at any moment if left unattended.

Nephis looked at him silently for a few moments, then smiled.

"So… it seems that you are the man of my dreams, then, Lord Shadow."

Sunny gave her an elegant bow.

"As long as you'll have me, Lady Changing Star. It's an honor."

She chuckled melodiously, then looked at him seriously.

"So, what do I need to do, then?"

He walked closer to her, took one of her hands gently, and placed it on his chest.

Then, looking Nephis in the eyes, Sunny said:

"Please give me some of your fire."

Nephis expression changed subtly, but then, she activated her Dormant Ability. Her hand ignited with a soft white radiance, and a wonderful warmth spread through Sunny's body.

And with it, a powerful torrent of her essence.

Behind him, his three shadows rose from the ground, turning into identical copies of him. Each manifested four additional hands, ready to start weaving strings of radiant essence.

The seven suns bathed them in radiant light.

***

In the real world, the shattered sword shimmered on the bone anvil. It suddenly became less substantial, collapsing into a whirlwind of sparks… that was what happened when a Memory was destroyed.

However, this time, Sunny did not let the sparks of light dissipate into nothingness.

Instead, he grasped them, directing their flow according to his will.

At the same time, he thrust his shadow hands into the disappearing image of the sword, preventing its weave from collapsing.

One had to destroy first in order to rebuild.

But Sunny did not want the Dream Blade gone. He wanted to retain its essence while being reborn under his hammer.

While his original body was keeping the Dream Blade in a state between existence and destruction, his avatar fanned the furious white flames burning in the furnace and placed the crucible on them.

The materials needed to create alloy were already inside — the ice of the Winter Beast, the blessed metals, and a few overs.

There was one more step to be made.

Standing above the crucible, Sunny hesitated for a moment, then summoned the simple silver knife he had forged earlier. Raising his hands, he grimaced and sliced his palm open with the knife, then willed himself to bleed.

A stream of crimson blood poured into the crucible, soon turning into ice.

As the crucible heated, it would melt, fusing with the incandescent alloy.

And thus, it would serve as the binding between the various elements of the sword.

Was there a more fitting ingredient to create a Memory than the blood of Weaver?

Sunny was not sure.

He was concentrating on too many tasks at the same time.

Forging the physical vessel of the sword.

Keeping the original blade in the state of being disassembled to its most basic elements, but not quite destroyed.

Weaving strings of essence in Neph's dream…

Each task demanded utmost concentration.

How long would he be able to endure this pressure?

Hopefully, long enough to finish forging the slaying blade.

Suddenly, a soft white radiance poured out of the cut on his palm, and the shallow wound disappeared without a trace.

Sunny allowed himself to be surprised for a fraction of the moment, then concentrated on his task.

Summoning Weaver's Needle, he reached into the collapsing spellweave of the Dream Blade and carefully wove a new string into its intricate pattern…




***
Chapter 2056: Living Alloy


***






The forge had become permeated by an almost unbearable heat. Sunny fanned the flames, watching as the blessed iron slowly turned into an incandescent liquid inside the crucible. His pale body was covered in sweat, and the scales of his intricate tattoo glistened in the radiance of the white flame like black gemstones.

The iron melted, poured over the remains of Winter Beast's icy heart, and froze solid again. The process repeated over and over, until the ice finally started tomelt itself.

Sunny watched it with a distant expression.

'...I am glad.'

He had felt great joy after destroying the Winter Beast to avenge millions of its victims… and himself. But it was a sad thing, really, to end the story of their tragic deaths with another act of destruction.

So, Sunny was happy to see that the final chapter in the story of Falcon Scott would be an act of creation instead. That the heart of the Winter Beast would lay the foundation for the forging of a remarkable sword — a sword that would excel in sowing death, but was ultimately destined to save countless lives.

It was as if he was pouring all those orphaned souls into the mystical alloy.

How heavy would a blade carrying the weight of millions of souls be?

…Sunny's blood was also there, added to the mix. Strangely enough, he could still vaguely sense it, and even exert a little bit of control over it, as if his blood was still alive despite being expelled from his body. And since it served as the binding agent between the various elements of the alloy, the alloy was becoming a little bit alive, too.

Granted, there was no need for his blood to bind the mystical ice and the blessed metals together. That could have happened naturally, just as it had happened the other day.

However…

For this next part, the presence of his blood was necessary.

Wiping the sweat off his brow, Sunny inhaled the scorching air deeply, and then picked up an ominous black arrow from a nearby workbench.

The arrow seemed quite mundane at first glance. Its shaft was made from dark wood, its fletching was fashioned from raven feathers, and the arrowhead had been carved from a piece of black obsidian. But the arrow was not mundane at all — it was one of the two arrows from the Shadow Realm that Sunny possessed.

A daunting souvenir of the Realm of Death.

Letting out a quiet sigh, Sunny gritted his teeth and grasped the arrow tightly in his hands. Taut muscles rolled under his skin like steel cables, and the coils of the Soul Serpent seemed to move. As ragged breath escaped from his lips, the black arrow shattered.

It was incredibly tough, rivaling the durability of Supreme Memories. However, Sunny was a Transcendent Terror… his strength was truly terrifying, and his will was adamantine.

Breaking the arrowhead off the shaft, he grasped the piece of sharp obsidian in his fist and crushed it into dust, paying no attention to the blood pouring to the floor.

Then, he poured the obsidian dust and the blood into the crucible. He threw the splintered shaft there, as well.

The fletching caught fire first, swiftly turning into ash. The dark wood of the arrow's shaft drowned in the incandescent liquid, and was thenincinerated in its depths. The obsidian dust mixed with the alloy.

His blood acted as a medium, helping the alloy inherit the intangible quality of the destroyed arrow — the cold, deadly sense of finality that it had possessed. The eerie breath of the Realm of Death.

With that done, the alloy was almost ready.

All that remained was the final step.

His other self was still preoccupied with preventing the Dream Blade from collapsing. He was holding its weave together, and at the same time guiding the stream of ethereal sparks that swirled in the air, ready to dissipate, but not quite able to.

As the incandescent liquid in the crucible seemed to reach a state of equilibrium, neither growing hotter nor cooling off, Sunny guided the stream of sparks into a mold.

And as they entered it obediently…

He held his breath, picked up the crucible, and poured the blessed alloy over them.

The radiant stream of incandescent metal swallowed the sparks of essence, making them a part of itself.

And just like that, the anchor of the intricate spellweave shifted from the concept of a silver longsword to the mass of liquid metal.

Sunny sighed in relief, knowing that this part of the plan had worked as intended, at least. He was not sure that it would… after all, he had never attempted something like that before.

But there was something that Sunny realized while experimenting to prepare for this forging. It was that at this level of craft, the will of the craftsman was like a blacksmith's hammer in and of itself.

It, too, was a tool to forge metal into a desired shape… or maybe even reality itself.

So if his will was sharp and tyrannical enough, many things would become possible simply because he willed them. Of course, the more his will went against the will of the world, the more difficult it was to enforce it.

In this case, the desired result was a relatively minor divergence. And since Sunny's Transcendent will had been tempered and sharpened by countless trials, he achieved it without too much problem.

'Now… the forging.'

As soon as the blessed alloy cooled off enough to become solid, Sunny removed the glowing bar of hot metal from the mold and placed it on the anvil.

The coils of his serpentine tattoo moved as Serpent slithered down his arm, manifesting itself into a weapon.

However, this time, it was not an odachi. Instead, it was a blacksmith's hammer made from dark, lusterless obsidian.

Gripping the Soul Weapon tightly, Sunny raised it above his head, and then brought it down on the glowing metal.

A rain of incandescent sparks shot in all directions, and the Marvelous Mimic quaked.




***
Chapter 2057: Learning Weave


***






As Sunny was preparing to forge the sword in the real world, he was also concentrating on creating its weave in a dream.

Six of his seven incarnations were involved in the forging, each having to deal with a task that demanded utmost concentration — some even doing things that he had never done or attempted before.

As a result, his mind was under enormous pressure, not quite cracking under it, but definitely on the very verge of being able to endure.

Nevertheless, Sunny persisted with a calm and determined expression. He was not a stranger to these moments of extreme stress — in fact, he thrived in them. The more dire the situation was, the more clear his mind would become. That sense of clarity transcended the mundane at times, allowing him to enter a strange and inexplicable mental state.

Sunny was in that state right now, feeling as if his mind was operating at a speed that even he himself could not perceive.

Many things that he could not quite explain, but intuitively understood, were happening around him and because of him. Therefore, even though he knew that there was a clear cause and effect to everything he did, it almost felt as though reality was simply changing according to his sheer will.

He was in uncharted territory, but there was a beacon guiding him to a safe harbor.

Standing on the edge of a dreamlike island, Sunny inhaled deeply.

Four of his incarnations were here, in the dream Nephis was dreaming about her Soul Sea. One served as a conduit for her essence, two more were weaving radiant strings out of it, and the final one was doing the most important part of the task — he was creating the vast, intricate, and inspired spellweave that Sunny had envisioned for the soulbound sword.

The weave he wanted to create was ambitious even by his standards — and that was without taking into account the unique property of binding the Memory to its master's soul. Therefore, this act of sorcery was promising to be long and punishing,akin to a dire marathon.

However…

A vital moment — perhaps the most vital moment of the entire forging — had to happen at the very start.

It had to happen now.

Looking at Nephis, Sunny forced out a weak smile.

"Do you trust me?"

He was aware that his question was not very fair. After all, as far as Nephis knew, they had only met a few months ago. Trust did not come easy to either of them — it was something that both of them had to build slowly and arduously…

"I do."

The calm answer came almost instantly.

Sunny was surprised by her blunt words. Nephis… seemed to be surprised by them, too. She frowned lightly, as if not entirely sure why she had answered so readily, as well as so easily.

Nevertheless, Sunny's smile grew more relaxed at hearing it.

"Good. Then, if you sense something, don't resist. Let it happen."

With that, he did something both perfectly reasonable and entirely crazy.

He anchored the spellweave — but not in a soul shard, as he had always done before.

Instead, he anchored the radiant strings of essence directly in one of Neph's soul cores.

Her Beast Core, to be precise.

Her eyes widened slightly.

Sunny tensed, not sure if his weaving would hold. After all, he was not even sure that something like that was possible, let alone doable.

But he believed that it was.

He wanted it to be.

They were in a dream, after all. Why would it not be possible here?

Of course, he couldn't just… weave the soul of a living being. At least not yet. But that was not what he was trying to do — he was simply trying to anchor the weave of a Memory in a living soul instead of in a shard that remained after the soul was destroyed.

He felt Neph's warm hand trembling softly on his chest.

But… nothing else happened.

Her soul core did not reject the weave. The incinerating white flames did not annihilate the radiant strings of soul essence — after all, those strings had been woven out of the same flame.

The anchor held.

A wide grin split his face apart.Seeing it, Nephis smiled tentatively, too.

"What just happened?"

He exhaled slowly.

"I anchored the spellweave of the sword in one of your soul cores."

That vital — and quite daring — part of the forging had ended in success.

Then, Sunny's smile dimmed a little.

"Well… I anchored a dream of a spellweave in the dream of your soul core, at least."

Now…

He just had to make their dreams come true.

But before that, the entire vast, unimaginable spellweave needed to be complete.

Taking another deep breath, Sunny allowed his incarnation to close his eyes and concentrated on channeling Neph's essence.

The incarnation responsible for weaving the tapestry of radiant strings continued its work somberly.

The vast spellweave was starting to slowly, arduously, take shape.

It was a daunting thing to do.

Sunny had rejected the familiar comfort of merely copying the patterns created by the Nightmare Spell. Instead, he was weaving entirely new patterns of his own design. Armed with his deep knowledge of weaving and the experience of fusing with various Memories as a shadow, he was attempting to create an enchanted sword that would become a part of Neph's body and soul.

A sword that suited her flawlessly, would grow with her, and could cut down the most harrowing of foes.

Naturally, such a sword demanded the most ingenious of enchantments.

Somewhere in the real world, his other incarnations were forging the physical vessel of the sword. He had used precious materials to create the alloy for it — the heart of the Winter Beast, a treasury of blessed metals, the arrow of the Shadow Realm, Neph's soul flame, and even his own blood.

But really, those materials were not quite as important as it seemed.

Because his sword would be a living thing, and therefore, would grow and change as a living thing.

The spellweave was the same. Before, Sunny had only ever created weaves that were strictly limited by their design. But this weave… this weave was meant to be different.

It was just as intricately designed, just as purposefully crafted. But it was also not as strict, aiming to be merely the beginning instead of the unchangeable end.

As Nephis grew, the spellweave of her sword was meant to grow as well.

Grow more powerful, but also, if need be… different.

The most frightening thing in the world was that which was unknown. And since both Sunny and Nephis had set their hearts on waging war against the world, they were fated to fight against the unknown. They were destined to face dreadful threats they had no prior knowledge of, and therefore could not prepare for.

Thus, the most deadly of swords…

Was a sword that had the ability to learn.




***
Chapter 2058: Shadow Forge


***






In the forge, sweat rolled down Sunny's body as he hammered the incandescent bar of blessed alloy. Furious white sparks danced in the air — these ones not the immaterial sparks of soul essence, but the very real, white-hot particles of burning metal. The heat was sweltering, and the shadows flowed as the brilliant flames danced in the immolating furnace.

Sunny would have already singed his hair and received countless terrible burns if not for the Onyx Shell, which protected him against heat and fire. His expression was focused, and his hand was steady, delivering devastating blows of the black hammer at a steady rhythm.

The cadence of his blows and the ringing of metal filled the dark expanse of the forge chamber, which was hidden from the world in its own dimension, with a furious, but beautiful melody.

The force he unleashed with each blow was enough to shatter the gates of a castle and topple its walls, sunder mountains and split the earth. However, the blessed alloy resisted it stubbornly, putting up an exhausting fight.

Still… Sunny was not one to lose a battle.

He hammered the bar of alloy to flatten it, then folded it and repeated the process — again, and again, and again, layering the blessed steel over itself countless times. This was not done to remove impurities — there were none — but rather to make the composition of the future blade uniform, spreading the ashes, the obsidian dust, and the remnants of his blood across its length evenly.

From time to time, he would thrust the bar of alloy back into the furnace and allow the incinerating white flames burning within to lick it freely. He also steadily fed more fuel to the fire — wood of the ancient, abominable trees that grew in the Hollows of Godgrave, and from the Burned Forest as well.

And then, at some point…

Something strange happened.

The fire suddenly grew weaker, forcing him to add more fuel to feed it, and do it more frequently. Sunny studied the furnace for a few moments before realizing what was happening.

The blessed alloy was absorbing the soul flame. Every time he thrust it into the furnace, the incandescent metal drank the fire like a man dying of thirst in the desert. As such, the holy white flame permeated the alloy, changing it on a fundamental level and becoming one with it.

And at the same time, the weave of the Memory he was still keeping from collapsing blazed with a new radiance, infused with the flame, as well.

The ethereal string of essence suddenly burned his fingers, and his inky-black hands caught fire. For a few moments, the hands made of shadows were wreathed in blinding white flame. Then, they started to crumble. Only Weaver's Needle, which he held in his real hand, remained unaffected, still emanating a soft golden glow.

But one needle was not enough.

Gritting his teeth, Sunny endured the blinding pain and called upon the shadows, rebuilding his hands at the same speed as the flames were devouring them. Just like that, he continued to weave while burning — suffering, being turned to ash, and then being reborn from the shadows.

His already pale face turned deathly white, but Sunny did not halt his work even for a moment.

Just as his other incarnation was weaving a vast tapestry of essence strings in the dream world, he was doing the same here, repeating its every motion with absolute precision.

At first, the two spellweaves were identical. But soon, the patterns of essence strings diverged, each creating a unique tapestry. These tapestries, however, were intimately tied — each was one part of a single whole, meant to be seamlessly connected like two pieces of a vast puzzle.

The forging hall of the Marvelous Mimic was filled with deafening ringing, flashes of light, and unbearable heat for a while.

After some time — and eternity, perhaps — Sunny wiped the sweat off his brow and inhaled deeply, feeling the sizzling air scorch his burning lungs. His muscles were burning, too, having endured more strain than they would have in the most dire of battles.

But he was finally satisfied with the alloy, having judged that it was ready to be shaped.

Thrusting the incandescent bar of blessed metal into the furnace one more time, he allowed himself a moment of respite. The cool water from the Endless Spring touched his lips and flowed into his parched throat, replenishing his strength and making him feel a sense of tranquil bliss.

Pouring some of it on his head, Sunny shook his wet hair and let out a satisfied sigh. Then, grasping the handle he had fashioned out of scrap metal, he pulled the blessed alloy out of the furnace and placed it on the anvil once again.

'Grow heavy…'

Raising the Soul Serpent, he made his hand as heavy as a mountain with the help of the Onyx Shell and delivered another crushing hammer blow to the radiant metal.

Now, it was time to shape the sword.

Alternating between heavy blows that were meant to draw out the metal and light blows to shape it, Sunny set about the difficult task of turning the bar of the blessed alloy into a blade.

He was forging a longsword — Neph's preferred type of sword, as well as the original form of the Dream Blade. The blade had to be more than a meter long, with a very slight taper, and the tang adding another thirty centimeters or so. In the end, the entire sword would be close to one and a half meters in length, which was a lot of steel to forge, quench, temper, polish, and sharpen.

There was also the crossguard, the pommel, and the hilt to be fashioned and fitted onto the tang.

There could be no mistake, no time to rest.

The work was only just starting…

Absolutely focused, Sunny continued to hammer the blessed alloy. The incandescent metal stretched out under his blows, turning into a semblance of a long, narrow blade…

Sweat poured down his face, boiling and evaporating moments later.

***

In Neph's dream, Sunny continued to create the weave.

It was vast and infinitely complex — much more complicated than what he was simultaneously creating in the forge of the Marvelous Mimic.

But that was only to be expected. After all, the real Dream Blade was merely a Dormant Memory of the First Tier. It had only one dim node to serve as the anchor for the ethereal strings, while here… here, Sunny had seven Transcendent soul cores to use as the foundation.

And not just any soul cores, at that — the soul cores of a person who possessed [The Fire], the lineage Attribute of Sun God, which made the soul especially potent.

So, Sunny could allow himself some freedom.

And he was usingthat freedom both fully and unapologetically, weaving an inspired tapestry that combined all his attainment in sorcery, serving as his crowning achievement.

Even though his fingers bled, and his mind reeled on the verge of collapse, Sunny continued to weave with a subtle smile on his face.

His fingers healed moments later, anyway, awash in Neph's warmth.

After a while, one of his incarnations staggered and fell to its knees, looking down with a pained expression. Then, it continued to weave strings of essence strings while kneeling on the ground.

Nephis looked at him with concern.

"What is happening?"

The incarnation of Sunny who was receiving her flame opened its eyes and smiled faintly.

"...I just burned my soul a little. Nothing serious."

She studied him silently.

"You look… a little off."

He simply shook his head.

"It's fine. I am just a bit… overwhelmed. The mental pressure is staggering, but my concentration can't be broken. So, I am shutting down things that serve no purpose."

Sunny had forced some of his incarnations to close their eyes, so that absorbing visual data did not strain his mind. He had abandoned listening to his shadow sense altogether. If an incarnation did not need to stand, he stopped trying to keep it standing. Anything that was not connected to forging the sword or weaving its enchantments was being sacrificed…

And even then, he was barely managing. Even the vision of those incarnations that had to see was slowly turning blurry, and his coordination was suffering.

Nephis frowned.

"Why are you wasting energy on an unimportant thing like talking to me, then?"

Sunny smiled wider.

"Talking to you can never be unimportant."

Then, his gaze lost focus, and his expression grew absent.

With a sigh, he closed his eyes again.

"It has… been so long, already… but that's alright… it will be finished soon…"

Indeed, the forging had continued for countless hours — he had lost count of them, at least. But the final part was swiftly approaching.

Out there in the forge, his original body had already shaped the blade. Currently, billowing clouds of scorching steam were rising from the vessel where the sword was being quenched. They had already filled the forge entirely, but the incandescent blade was still refusing to cool down.

Sunny was pouring more water from the Endless Spring into the vessel, threatening to empty the beautiful glass bottle for the first time in a decade.

Then, he would have to polish and grind the blade to sharpen it, affix the crossguard, fit the hilt on the tang, and put the pommel in place.

The spellweave here in the dream was not far from reaching the point of near-completion, as well — granted, even that small distance seemed dreadful and daunting to Sunny, who was mentally exhausted and physically drained, almost more so than he was able to endure.

After that, the most important part of the forging would be upon him.

He would have to connect the real version of the sword to its dream counterpart, thus completing the last enchantment.

And binding the blade to Neph's soul.

…The second of his incarnations staggered and fell down.

Sunny inhaled deeply.

'One last push.'

His hands moved with stunning speed and beautiful grace, expanding the vast tapestry of radiant strings even further.




***
Chapter 2059: Final Step


***






By the time Sunny was nearly finished with the weave, two of his four incarnations had collapsed and turned into shadows. The shadows then crawled across the emerald grass tiredly before wrapping themselves around the third.

That third incarnation, which had been responsible for weaving the vast and intricate tapestry of radiant strings, did not look too good itself. Its four shadow hands had been shredded and rebuilt so many times that their shape was now vague and immaterial, not quite intangible, but also far from being solid.

And although the countless terrible burns and bone-deep cuts he had suffered were already healed by the purifying white flames, the burden of having suffered them remained, making him look ragged and frail. His eyes were like two pools of deep darkness, obscuring the fragile state of his exhausted mind.

Sunny took a deep breath, and then allowed the four shadow hands to dissolve into nothingness. At the same time, the incarnation standing in front of Nephis swayed and collapsed into a shadow, as well. The warmth permeating his entire being ceased, leaving him feeling cold and alone.

Nephis looked at him with a silent question.

Sunny smiled weakly.

"I wish... you could see it."

Above them, below them, all around them… the world was permeated by a grand weave of radiant strings. They stretched in all directions, almost invisible in the breathtaking brilliance of the seven suns,

reflecting in the resplendent ocean of the Soul Sea like a constellation map of a vast and distant heaven.

It was utterly beautiful.

It was also a weave of a much greater scale than anything he had ever created before, and his masterpiece — if he could be so bold as to praise himself so unapologetically.

No one else in this era could perceive spellweaves, anyway, so there was nobody to praise him but himself.

Sunny sighed.

"It is almost finished… I hope you slept well."

Out in the real world, his original body knelt on the floor, breathing raggedly. He pressed his forehead against the floor, hoping to find a reprieve from the scorching inferno of the overheated forge… but there was no coolness to be found, and therefore no respite.

The forging was over.

A beautiful silver longsword lay on the anvil in front of him. Its elegant blade was long and narrow, flawlessly sharp. Its crossguard was straight and devoid of useless adornments. Its hilt was carved from a piece of ivory, while its pommel was cast from the same silvery alloy.

Even laying there motionlessly, the sword emanated an oppressive feeling of cold, inevitable lethality, as if simply touching it could draw blood and rob one of their very life.

It was deadly and beautiful… just like the woman it was meant for.

Forging it had been a daunting trial.

Sunny was utterly drained and exhausted, both physically and mentally. He had barely remembered the last time he was that tired — and in such pain, as well.

The memory of his hands being burned by the white flames made him shudder. He had suffered the harrowing agony for many hours, each feeling like an eternity. Every moment, every movement, every breath had felt like hell.

…But the appalling had been helpful to him, too.

Because feeling a distant echo of the pain Nephis felt every time she used her Aspect strengthened his determination to forge a sword worthy of her resolve, and imbue the essence of the sword with it.

He had forged the blade, polished and sharpened it, affixed the crossguard, hilt, and pommel…

He had also woven a complicated weave of enchantments into the silvery sword.

But his work wasn't over.

The most complicated part still remained.

Inhaling deeply, Sunny gritted his teeth and slowly rose to his feet. Grasping the hilt of the beautiful sword, he lifted it from the anvil and remained motionless for a few moments, gathering his strength.

Then, he stepped over the deep cracks covering the floor of the forge and slowly climbed the steps to the first floor of the Brilliant Emporium. Walking outside, he looked at the radiant sky of Godgrave and dismissed the Marvelous Mimic.

The brick cottage behind him disappeared.

The strain of having to encompass the forge during the creation of the sword had been too much for his Shadow. It had done its best to withstand the storm of dreadful forces unleashed by Sunny's hammer, but in the end, the Mimic still sustained considerable damage — now, it had to spend some time in the nourishing darkness of his soul to restore itself.

Walking across the emerald grass, Sunny passed through the jaws of the dead dragon and entered the Ivory Tower. Once inside, he ascended the stairs to the highest level of the great pagoda and approached the bed where Nephis was sleeping peacefully, surrounded by a softly glowing runic circle.

Sunny simply stood there for a few moments, studying her exquisitely beautiful face. It looked much softer than usual while Nephis slept, devoid of the usual stoic severity… and much younger, too. Strangely vulnerable.

Finally, Sunny silently raised the silver sword above her head.

At that moment, his shadow rose from the ground, turning into a perfect copy of him.

While Sunny's original body held the sword above Nephis, his avatar summoned Weaver's Needle and grasped a black string woven out of shadow essence.

The physical vessel of the soulbound sword was complete, and so was its weave.

Now, all Sunny had to do was unite the two.

Holding his breath, Sunny reached forward with Weaver's Needle…

And pierced the shadow of the sword, threading a string of dark essence through it.

Then, he moved his hand and pierced Neph's shadow, as well, connecting them together.

Weaver's Needle — which had been bathed in the blood of the Demon of Fate — easily pierced that which was supposed to be intangible, stitching the shadow of the sword to the shadow of its wielder.

However, that simple action echoed in Sunny's soul like a cataclysm, making him stagger.

His hand had only traveled a little distance, but in the same distance, he had bent the world to his will.

Bending the laws of existence to one's will was the providence of gods, and Sunny was no god. So, there was a punishing backlash.

However…

He was a Transcendent Terror, and the flame of divinity burned in his soul.

More importantly than that, his will and his spirit were tyrannical enough to lay claim to divine authority.

And so, even though sewing two shadows together was not supposed to be possible, Sunny made it possible.

Because that was his will, and because he was the Lord of Shadows.

A pained smile twisted his lips. Drawing a hoarse breath, Sunny sensed the spirit essence flow into his soul through the coils of the Soul Serpent and made the second stitch.

And then another, and another, and another…

And a thousand more.

Slowly, the shadow of the sword was being drawn closer and closer to Neph's shadow.

Inside the dream, Nephis flinched and looked up, as if sensing a sudden change in the tranquil peace of her Soul Sea.

Sunny inhaled deeply, struggling to keep the vast weave from coming undone under the pressure.

"What is happening?"

He struggled to speak, overwhelmed by the need to fight against the laws of existence to force his will onto them.

"It is… the last step."

Sunny tried to inhale.

"Nephis…"

She looked at him, concern apparent on her face.

Sunny tried to smile.

"Wake up, Nephis. This dream… should be over."

She frowned, as if only now remembering that they were inside a dream.

In the next moment, her expression changed subtly, and the world around them started to crumble.

But it was of no matter.

Because Sunny had already accomplished everything he wanted to accomplish here.

The two parts of the vast weave he had woven were being tied together.

They were becoming whole.

A shadow was deeply connected to one's soul, after all, and so were one's dreams.

So, by weaving an enchantment onto the dream of Neph's soul, and by sewing the shadow of the sword to her shadow, Sunny had managed to connect the two.

The weave of the physical vessel of the sword united with the weave of its dream counterpart seamlessly. It was a perfect fit… of course it was. Sunny had designed the two to be one whole, after all, and had executed his design flawlessly.

And as the two weaves connected, the vast tapestry flashed with blinding light… becoming visible to the naked eye for a short moment.

That was the last thing Nephis saw before waking up.

Opening her eyes in her chamber at the top of the Ivory Tower, she looked around dazedly, and then sat up.

The runic circle around her bed was slowly losing its ethereal glow.

Sunny was kneeling in front of the bed and resting his head on it, as pale as a ghost.

And there was something else…

Feeling a cold weight, Nephis looked down.

There, a dreadful, beautiful sword was resting easily in her hand.

As if meant to be held by it.




***
Chapter 2060: The Blessing


***






Nephis studied the beautiful longsword, then carefully raised her hand, trying to make as little noise as possible. 

A moment later, she caught herself and realized how comical her action was. She was afraid to disturb the dreams of the man who was sleeping soundly with his head resting on her bed, his silky black hair scattered across the bedsheet. As if he was not the great and terrible Lord of Shadows, the sinister Saint who had crushed a dozen Transcendent champions of Song while laughing.

…But he was also Master Sunless, the sweet and gentle enchanter who had become her spellsmith, companion, and lover. 

It was just that he had looked so drained there, in her dream. And that he looked so tired here in the real world, as well.

His porcelain skin was even paler than usual, and his lovely features were sunken and sharp, the labored breaths escaping quietly from between his lips.

She froze for a moment, surprised by the unexpected and unfamiliar feeling swelling in her chest.

Was it… tenderness?

Nephis was not an unfeeling monster, of course. She had experienced affection. Concern and worry about those who were dear to her, too — however, this subtle, but intense feeling was new.

It was both bitter and sweet… but mostly sweet.

And daunting.

She looked at him for a few moments too long, then slowly shifted her gaze to the beautiful longsword.

The sword… was both familiar and strange. It looked very similar to her faithful and reliable companion, the Dream Blade — the weapon she had wielded on the Forgotten Shore, during the long and lonely journey to the Underworld, and into the horrors of the Second Nightmare. But it was also so much more.

It was much more striking, to start. The narrow and flawlessly straight blade seemed to shine in the splendid rays of sunlight, so bright that it was almost blinding. The ivory hilt felt cool and welcoming in her hand, as if it was meant to be there. The weight was perfect. The balance was beyond reproach.

The design of the sword was simple and elegant, with no needless embellishments or adornments. However, there was graceful beauty to the few stylistic elements it did possess… it was pure and true to its purpose, alien to all compromise and pretense, just as a killing implement was supposed to be.

There was also a chillingly lethal aura to it that was both cold and scorching, as if the sword possessed a presence of its own. The strangest part, however, was that the sword felt… warm and responsive to her touch, as if it was almost alive.

It was breathtaking.

Nephis found herself reluctant to look away from the resplendent blade. She also felt a rush of childish excitement, wanting to immediately jump off the bed and play with it… perform a few sets of training katas, that was, to get familiar with its feel and weight.

But she forced herself to stay still, and instead summoned the runes.

Her gaze swiftly focused on the new and unfamiliar string of them.

Holding her breath, she studied the runes:

Memory: Blessing.

Memory Rank: [???]

Memory Tier: [???]

Her gaze slid lower, to the runes comprising the description of the beautiful sword.

They read:

Memory Description: [Ascending the path, Changing Star said thus to the -unknown-:

"You have to light yourself on fire to reap the blessings of the fire. That was what my grandmother used to say, so that was what I did. I doused myself in oil, and set myself aflame. And I burned."

…The -unknown- listened.]

Nephis frowned.

These words… seemed to describe her self-immolation in the First Nightmare. However, she did not remember ever speaking them to anyone. She had shared the details of her trial with very few people — Cassie was probably the only one who knew most of it. But Nephis did not explain what had truly pushed her to take that terrible step even to her, and she definitely did not mention the parable of her grandmother.

Who was that -unknown- that the Spell seemed to think Nephis had bared her soul to?

She could not recall speaking to any Void Beings, and she had definitely never spoken to the Forgotten God. Neither would she have had the reason to pour her heart out to a stranger.

It was strange, very strange.

And it made her feel strange, as well. As if there was an empty void in her heart, echoing with a hollow, dull pain.

Gripping the hilt of the Blessing tighter, Nephis looked back to the runes.

Usually, there would not have been anything after the description of a Memory, but this time, there was an additional string.

Memory Enchantments: [Shadowbound Relic].

As she concentrated on it, several new runes shimmered into existence.

[Bind the relic?]

Nephis hesitated for a few moments.

Her heartbeat accelerated suddenly, and a soft smile found its way onto her face.

She glanced at Sunny, who was still sleeping peacefully.

He had promised to forge her a blade to slay the gods…

And it seemed like he had fulfilled that promise.

The tender feeling of thankfulness she experienced was more powerful than she had expected, too.

Troubled, Nephis looked away and nodded.

"Yes."

The beautiful longsword seemed to ring, as if answering her call…

And flashed with blinding radiance, turning into a ray of pure light. That light was then absorbed into her hand, illuminating her body from within… fusing with her body and soul.

Becoming a part of her.

The Spell whispered into her ear, its voice strangely quiet:

[Your Memory has been destroyed.]

[...You have received an Attribute.]

***

"Yes."

Sunny stirred, not quite asleep, but not quite awake yet, either.

He felt tired… exhausted, really. He was also truly and utterly out cold, which meant that all his incarnations had fallen into a deep slumber. The Lord of Shadows was sleeping on his throne — of course, he was. After all, he had been riding Nightmare on a journey across dreams not too long ago. Rain's teacher was asleep, as well, hidden safely in her shadow.

That guy had to wake up quickly, though, lest something unexpected or undesirable happened.

As for the original body…

'When did I pass out, anyway?'

Before Sunny could will himself awake, a blinding flash suddenly shone through his eyelids. Opening his eyes with a start, he just managed to catch a glimpse of a ray of pure white light entering Neph's body.

She was illuminated from within for a moment, as if there was a literal star burning in her chest. Then, the radiance dimmed, and he could see her lovely features clearly once again.

Neph had a distant expression on her face, tilting her head a little. It was as if she was listening to something happening inside her soul.

The sword he had forged was nowhere to be seen…

It took Sunny a few moments to realize the implication.

His eyes widened.

Jerking upright, she stared at her and asked hurriedly:

"Did it work?"

Sunny had collapsed from exhaustion immediately after finishing sewing the shadow of the sword and Neph's shadow together, so he did not even have the chance to study the result.

Had his binding held?

Did the Spell do what it was supposed to and oversee the process?

And not quite as importantly, and just as curiously…

How had it named the new Memory? What description had it given it?

Usually, Sunny named and described the Memories he crafted personally. But reforging the Dream Blade was different — after all, he had never taken it from Neph's soul. It had always remained a Memory belonging to a carrier of the Nightmare Spell, and therefore, one under the Spell's purview. That was the whole point.

Nephis lingered for a moment, then shifted and looked at him with a faint smile.

With that, she outstretched her hand. It shone with a soft radiance, and a ray of radiant light shot from it, instantly taking the form of a beautiful longsword.

The sunlight reflected on its silvery blade, making the room feel brighter.

Sunny let out a relieved sigh.

That was not all, though… 

A moment later, the longsword ignited with incandescent light, making its presence feel even more daunting… overwhelming, even. Nephis must have used her Aspect to augment it.

Infused with soul flame, the silver blade seemed like a narrow line of pristine whiteness, a rift in the fabric of reality that cut the world in half. It was so pure and bright that he struggled to discern if the weapon Nephis was holding was still made from steel, or had simply turned into a sharp, narrow plain of radiant flame.

Then, the shape of the sword suddenly rippled, and it turned into a stream of liquid fire… or incandescent metal, perhaps. That stream flowed down Neph's right arm, wrapping around it and turning into a silver bracelet.

She studied it with a curious expression, then looked back at Sunny and beamed with a brilliant smile.

"Yes. It worked."

The stoic, unflappable Changing Star…

Was just like an excited girl who had received a shiny new toy.

Looking at her, Sunny couldn't help but smile, as well.

'...I should forge her soulbound relics more often.'




***
Chapter 2061: Soul Sword


***






Not too long after both of them woke up, Sunny found himself sitting on the stone floor, leaning on Neph's bed… while she danced with the Blessing.

Honestly, he was feeling a little neglected. The damned sword seemed to have stolen all her attention. Still, he had gotten the opportunity to watch Neph's lithe body move through the fluid motions of a beautiful sword dance, instead…

That, at least, was a consolation.

Of course, she was not really dancing — she was performing swift sequences of attacks and defensive movements to get acquainted with the soul sword. However, her style had always been graceful and fluid, so she might as well have been.

Her white tunic flew and fluttered with every swift motion, contouring the supple lines of her slender body, and her silver hair shone beautifully in the radiant sunlight. The lustrous blade was like a splendid haze, dancing alongside her.

It was quite a lovely view.

Sunny was still utterly drained and exhausted after forging the Blessing. It was hard to keep track of time in Godgrave, but the process had lasted many days, testing the limits of his physical and mental endurance both. So, for now, he allowed himself to relax and enjoy the sight.

His thoughts drifted lazily to what he had learned about the silver longsword.

Nephis had given him an opportunity to study the Blessing — impatient to try it out as she might have been — before pulling the sword out of his hands. She had also shared most of the information provided to her by the runes.

All except for the description… she seemed strangely reluctant to talk about that part of it.

In any case, Sunny had learned enough.

Now that the Blessing had been Bound to Nephis and became an Attribute, a literal part of her being, it was not a Memory anymore. Therefore, Sunny could not see its weave… only he could, somewhat, due to a special trait of one of the enchantments he had woven.

Having personally turned the Dawn Shard into the Crown of Dawn — a Supreme Memory of immense power — he did not wish to lose the potential synergy between his two great creations. So, he made sure that the Blessing retained some traits of a Memory while becoming an Attribute, and could thus be augmented by Neph's crown.

So, he was able to confirm that the Spell had indeed improved upon his design, bringing its various elements together like a binding agent… much like his blood had done to the ingredients of the blessed alloy.

He was going to need some time to truly understand what changes it had made, but Sunny had no doubt. He would be able to master the crafting of soulbound Memories — no, shadowbound Memories — before too long.

The difference between the two was subtle, and not entirely important. In the end, Sunny did not manage to repeat what Nether had done — instead, he invented his own way of achieving the same result.

What mattered was that the Binding ended in success. One of the seven enchantments that the Blessing possessed was named accordingly, [Bound] — functionally the same as the trait of his Mantle. It made the silver longsword equal in Rank and Class to the soul of its wielder, meaning that at the moment, the Blessing was akin to a Transcendent Memory of the Seventh Tier.

Apart from being [Bound], it possessed two core and four auxiliary enchantments.

The fundamental enchantment of the silver longsword shared the name with the original blade that served as its source — the Dream Blade… a fitting name for a weapon meant to be wielded by a Dreamspawn, and earned by her for slaying herself to destroy a dream in the depths of a Nightmare.

The [Dream Blade] enchantment governed the form of the Blessing. Just like the Mantle possessed two forms — one passive, one active — so did the fiery sword. In its dormant state, the Blessing slumbered in Neph's soul and bestowed several boons upon her.

Among them were increased resistance against soul attacks — now drastically more powerful than the original enchantment of the Dream Blade — as well as an increased rate of both soul essence replenishment and spirit essence absorption.

That last one… was curious. Sunny was not entirely sure how it functioned, but he had an idea. Neph's source element was the longing she inspired in other people, and therefore, the more people were moved by her, the more plentiful the currents of her spirit essence grew. The [Dream Blade] obviously did not increase the number of those who had awoken to a deep yearning because of Nephis…

But if Sunny's guess was correct, it did allow her to draw power from their dreams. In other words, the people ensnared by the web of her nascent Domain were adding to the stream of spirit essence even when they slept.

Which was strange and astonishing simply due to the fact that Sunny had neither woven such an enchantment, nor knew how to weave it.

Either the Spell added such a trait to the [Dream Blade] enchantment… or the Blessing itself did, already realizing the potential to learn Sunny had imbued it with.

In either case, it was a welcome surprise. One could never have enough essence, and this ability would only grow more powerful once Nephis became a Saint and fully manifested her Domain, turning a stream of spirit essence into a raging torrent.

For now, though, it was merely a pleasant bonus.

Needless to say, the Blessing was quite like the Mantle as far as augmenting it went, too. Since it was a part of Nephis, augmenting her body meant augmenting the Blessing, as well; therefore, all these traits would only grow stronger and more pronounced for as long as she was wreathed in the beautiful radiance of the soul flame.

That was true for the dormant form of the Blessing, and for its awakened form, as well.

Once the silver blade awoke, naturally, it assumed the shape of a tangible sword.

Wielding the sword, Nephis lost the benefits of having it slumbering in her soul. However, she gained access to its remaining five enchantments, instead.

That concluded the effects of the first of the two core traits of the Blessing.

The four auxiliary enchantments were all formidable in their own regard, too.

They were [Flame Conduit], [Purifying Light], [Change]... and [Ruin].




***
Chapter 2062: Sacrificial Blade


***






[Flame Conduit] was perhaps one of the most straightforward enchantments of the Blessing, as well as one of the most consistently impactful. Although other traits of the soul sword were more astounding, Sunny was secretly proud of this one the most.

It had two functions. One allowed the Blessing to serve as a fulcrum for Neph's flames, channeling them in a more compressed and focused manner. In other words, she could use the Blessing to control fire more easily or produce jets of flame — rays of light, maybe — that were narrow and sharp enough to slice apart the most durable of tangible objects.

This was especially useful because these rays had much greater length and reach than the blade of the sword itself. Since Sunny and Nephis often faced enemies of a much greater size than their own, such an ability was exceedingly convenient to possess on the battlefield.

The second function was more subtle, but had been infinitely more difficult to weave into existence. It drew upon the nature of the blessed alloy and the innate affinity of the soul sword to Neph's soul flame, increasing the efficiency of her Dormant Ability when applied to the Blessing.

Simply put, it made the result of augmenting the silver longsword greater without affecting the potency of the Ability itself. The increase was not too drastic, perhaps adding a few tenths to the overall strength of enhancement… for now, at least. Sunny hoped that as the Blessing grew more powerful, this function of the [Flame Conduit] would evolve further, as well.

Needless to say, such an enhancement was a real boon, especially because it did not demand an additional cost to be paid. Even though it did not double the efficacy of the soul flame augmentation, it still increased it by a considerable amount… and if Nephis poured more of her flame onto the soul sword, the effects would only mount.

Sunny was quite satisfied with himself greatly for achieving this feat. That pattern of the overall spellweave had been incredibly intricate and complicated, having demanded a similarly stunning amount of effort to design.

It would serve Nephis well in the future, no doubt.

The [Purifying Light], in comparison… was not something he could take full credit for. It was another enchantment that differed from his original design.

The [Purifying Light] had been meant to be a version of the [Brilliant Will] — the enchantment of the Undying Chain that had allowed his long-lost armor to grow more durable in relation to the presence of divinity contained within its master's soul. Similarly, Sunny had wanted to make the power of the Blessing grow if the flames of divinity burned in its wielder.

And it had worked… in a sense. The power of the silver sword was now indeed connected to the flames of Neph's soul, just not in the way he had intended.

The enchantment did not depend on the quality of the [Flame of Divinity]. Instead, it depended on the quality of Neph's own flame… the soul flame. And the boon it granted the Blessing was not a blanket enhancement, but rather quite a specialized one.

The soul sword would grow stronger and more deadly when wielded against creatures who had succumbed to Corruption, as if its light was antithetical to the appalling darkness dwelling within their souls.

Purifying it… in a quite final manner.

While wielding the Blessing, Nephis would not only be immune to Corruption due to her [Longing] Ability, but also especially dominant in slaying Nightmare Creatures.

Which was beyond amazing in the Age of the Nightmare Spell, of course, albeit not so much for their current predicament.

The [Change] was rather simple when compared to the other two auxiliary enchantments… or simply familiar, perhaps. It allowed the Blessing to change both shape and form.

Nephis was quite conservative in her choice of weapons, mostly preferring to wield a versatile longsword. However, that did not mean that there were no situations when something else could suit the situation better — the [Change] allowed the soul sword to become a soul spear, for example, or even an unassuming bracelet… not that the latter had any practical use.

However, there was another quality to the [Change]. It also allowed the Blessing to shift between states — be it steel, liquid metal, compressed flame, or even pure light. Nephis would have to explore the ramifications of that ability herself and find proper uses for each of the states, but its most important boon was quite obvious.

It was that the Blessing could merge with her Transcendent form in its flaming and radiant states, thus imbuing her with its traits and enchantments — similar to how Serpent could fuse with Shadow Shells Sunny created to grant them its.

This gave Nephis a choice on how to use the Blessing while Transformed — whether to wield it in her hand, or simply make it a part of her hand, as well as of her entire radiant body.

Finally, the last of the four auxiliary traits was [Ruin]. That one… the soul sword seemed to have inherited from the black arrow Sunny had sacrificed to create the blessed alloy.

Bearing a breath of the Shadow Realm and the echo of the killing intent of its mysterious inhabitant, the Blessing had attained a death will of its own. It was very much like the [Slaying Blade] Ability of the Soul Serpent, making the soul sword more lethal to those beings who were able to bend the world to their will… albeit much weaker.

Most of it would still depend on Neph's own murderous will, of course, but the sword itself was going to enhance her lethality. Sunny was not worried about the quality of her killing intent, really, considering that Nephis had been preaching murder from the days they were both teenagers. But every little bit helped, not that the [Ruin] was that little of a boon.

Then... there was the second of the two core enchantments of the Blessing, as well.

The one that, as Sunny suspected, had given the soul sword its name.

It was the [Blessing of the Fire].

This one, he had designed himself in its entirely. And although it was not as consistently useful as the [Flame Conduit], at the end of the day, it was utterly and undeniably more vital.

Because it was an enchantment meant to tip the scales of those dire battles where everything that could go wrong went wrong, and Nephis was pushed to her very limit. The battles against the truly powerful foes… the ones that mattered the most.

Its function was simple.

It increased the power and lethality of the Blessing in direct proportion to how heavily Neph's soul was damaged.

That went well with the essence of her Transcendent Battle Art, of course, and would be useful against enemies capable of wounding and destroying the souls of living beings.

But fundamentally, the [Blessing of the Fire] was aimed at something else.

It was aimed at Nephis herself, and her ability to burn her soul in order to ignite with incredible power. Like she had done in Twilight, and while escaping from the clutches of Condemnation as well.

Neph's self-sacrificial act of igniting her soul was a form of dealing direct damage to it, too.

So, if she ever had to mutilate her own soul severely — meaning that she had faced a truly overwhelming enemy — the sword would become exponentially more powerful the worse the state of her soul became.

If she sacrificed one soul core… two, three, six of them… it would grow stronger and stronger, until its power reached a limit that even Sunny was afraid to imagine.

And that was it, the sword he had created.

A beautiful sword.

A deadly sword…

A sword that would one day cut the fabric of the Nightmare Spell, perhaps.

And would cut down the Sovereigns much sooner.

Sunny sighed.

It was worth the effort.




***
Chapter 2063: Total War


***






The war raged on, spreading like a cancer in all directions.

The main camp of the Sword Army was becoming more and more desolate. Every day, new troops were leaving it to head west, where they were meant to participate in the inevitable and dreadful siege of the Crossing Strongholds. Some were being sent to garrison the new extermination outposts as the remains of the Breastbone Reach fell to the might of the King of Swords, instead…

However, the city-like camp was not being completely abandoned — a considerable force was being left behind to guard it. After all, it was still the most important logistical hub for the Sword Army, both receiving the supply caravans climbing the left arm of the dead deity and housing the Dream Gate.

Sunny and Nephis spent the last few blissful days together, watching the once-lively avenues of the warcamp grow silent and waiting for the order that would call her back to the frontline. Without having to say anything, they both seemed in a hurry to enjoy each other's company while there still was time…

The future was unclear, and there was nothing like the promise of death to make one's heart beat faster, and make them want to voraciously relish life.

But to their surprise, the inevitable parting never came.

Instead, the King's order was delivered by Saint Tyris personally. He did not simply command Nephis to return — he commanded her to bring the Ivory Island with her, intending to turn it into the cornerstone of the future siege.

So, they released its seven anchors and started the slow journey to the Western Collarbone Plain, at the precipice of which the decisive battles of the war were going to take place.

As they traveled across Godgrave on the flying island, blood was being spilled.

The Sword Army was pursuing the forces of Song across the northern parts of the Breastbone Reach, engaging in frequent skirmishes and battling the spreading scarlet infestation.

Somewhere else,the conquest expeditions were braving the darkest parts of Godgrave.

Far in the south, Mordret and Morgan were still locked in a fratricidal battle for control over Bastion.

Worst of all…

The tacit agreement made by both Domains to keep the war out of the waking world had finally collapsed, and the cradle of humanity became submerged in a wave of terror and violence.

The streets of NQSC — and other human cities in the waking world — had never been peaceful, exactly. People had always lived in the oppressive fear of Nightmare Gates and perished Sleepers going rampant after turning into abominations. These threats had only grown more dire in recent years… and there was the Skinwalker, as well.

But now, the violence was being perpetrated by the forces of humanity itself, not the Nightmare Creatures.

There were explosions thundering in the silence of the night, charred remains of destroyed PTVs burning on the roads, and sporadic firefights happening in broad daylight from time to time. The direct collateral damage was not high, but these bloody confrontations between the two great Domains was negatively affecting every facet of humanity, weakening its ability to defend itself.

The terrible losses suffered by the House of Night alone had dealt enormous damage to the logistical connection between the four Quadrants, resulting in temporary food shortages and countless other complications. Even though the government had absorbed the remaining Nightwalkers into its ranks, the scale of the navigation across the ocean was severely reduced.

And now, more and more problems were creeping up. While the two Domains battled against each other, there were too many crises to solve, and not enough people to solve them. There were not enough soldiers to contain the ever-increasing amount of Nightmare Gates in time, watch over the Aspirants while they challenged the First Nightmare, and keep the order on the streets.

The waking world was slowly, steadily,and inevitably sliding into chaos.

The world seemed to be ending... ending more swiftly than it had been before, at least.

If there was one mercy to the situation, it was that most of the combatants participating in the skirmishes and sabotage in the waking world were mundane agents of the royal clans, not Awakened warriors. Those were mostly needed on the frontline in Godgrave or human settlements in the Dream Realm.

Still, conventional weapons were just as destructive when wielded against mundane people and infrastructure, so the damage wasn't insignificant.

Worse still…

The agents Song were not shy when retaliating against the government forces, seeing them as collaborators of the Sword Domain. Government Saints were defending Bastion, after all… the servants of the Queen did not go out of their way to attack the government soldiers, but did not hesitate to act against those of them who became an obstacle either.

Which, not at all unexpectedly, only pushed the government deeper into the embrace of the Sword Domain. As a result, the forces of Song were being pushed back both in the Dream Realm and in the waking world, losing ground with each day.

The Song compound in NQCS still stood, protecting the approach to the Dream Gate, but there were already many breaches in its scorched walls.

Even the Awakened Academy was not spared, a section of its defensive barrier crumbling for the first time since being built decades earlier.

It was appalling. It was utter madness.

…It was war.

And as if responding to the madness of the human war, the world itself seemed to start coming undone under the pressure.

The already rapid increase in the number of the Nightmare Gates opening across the territories held by humanity had grown even more. A flood of abominations flowed into the waking world, threatening to overwhelm its already strained defenses. More people were succumbing to the Spell,and therefore more Sleepers were losing their lives while challenging its first trial.

The process was gradual, and the situation worsened one small step at a time. People of the modern era were well-accustomed to hardships and calamities, and distracted by the tectonic changes caused by the Great Domain War, as well. So, like a frog being boiled in the slowly heating pan, they were slow to notice that the dire reality surrounding them was dreadful even beyond the terrible norm.

Still, even they were slowly growing aware of how much worse it was than it had ever been… with no indicator that things would eventually grow better, as they had always done before.

In that tense and heavy atmosphere, the war in Godgrave was swiftly approaching its final stage.




***
Chapter 2064: Fragments of War (1)


***






"T—tamar!"

Rain desperately dashed back, trying to avoid the claws of an appalling beast that had lunged at her from the underbrush. All around her, the battered remains of the centuria were besieged by the rabid Nightmare Creatures. The world was painted in the shades of scarlet, and her feet were drowning in the soft moss.

The main body of the Song Army was far ahead, having most likely already reached the Crossing Stronghold. However, many small squads had been sent back to slow down the vanguard forces of the Sword Domain and make them pay dearly for every step they took.

There were traps, ambushes, and countless skirmishes being fought under the indifferent grey sky of Godgrave. Most importantly of all…

The extermination outposts had been destroyed days ago, and now, the scarlet jungle was spreading feverishly across the weathered surface of the sun-bleached bone once again.

Having accomplished their missions, the rearguard forces of the Song Army had to flee north — unfortunately, they had to brave the abominable jungle themselves in order to escape.

Tamar's soldiers were among those unfortunate souls who had been ordered to stay back. They ambushed the scouts of the Sword Army in the charred ruins of a destroyed outpost, fought a bloody skirmish, and then retreated before the enemy reinforcements could arrive.

They had lost many good men in the battle against the warriors of the Sword Domain… but they had lost many more to the hungry jungle on the way north.

After several long months of the terrible war, no more than a half of the soldiers remained alive.

'Damn it…'

Rain slid on the scarlet moss, blocked the beasts's jaws with her black tachi, and used the abomination's own momentum to throw it to the ground.

It was a perfect moment to deliver a fatal blow — the only moment she would receive, perhaps. The black tachi was positioned perfectly to fall down and end the creature's life. But although Rain's muscles remembered the motions of thrusting the tachi into the beast's neck with painful clarity, and her mind willed it, her hands did not move.

The moment had come and passed. Rain's eyes widened.

The beast twisted, jumped to its feet, and lunged at her once again.

'Damn it!'

Rain had no choice but to retreat once again. This time, the claws of the abomination brushed against her side, failing to cut the black lusterless leather of her light armor, but still sending a sharp jolt of pain through her body. There would be angry black bruises covering her ivory skin come morning…

She was in a terrible position.

The abomination was in a murderous frenzy, lusting to kill Rain — but Rain could not do the same.

Even if there was an opportunity, her limbs simply refused to move.

She was still trying to get used to her Flaw. But as things were going currently… there was a high possibility that Rain would never get the chance to come to terms with it.

Because she was going to die right now, today!

She had already done all she could to debilitate and immobilize the Nightmare Creature, but subduing a powerful enemy was much harder than simply killing them. At close distance, with no time to think, let alone summon Memories and come up with cunning plans, all Rain could do was retreat, sustain wound after wound, and hope that someone would rescue her.

The beast was bleeding, its limbs cut deeply by the blade of her sword, but that did not seem to slow it down one bit.

Instead, it had only grown more enraged.

'Curse it!'

Rain looked around frantically, hoping to see that one of her comrades was close enough and in a position to assist her. But it was all for naught — everyone had their own deadly threats to deal with, having walked into the breeding ground of an especially nasty kind of abominations.

Actually, in a different situation, she would have been full of curiosity… where were all these Nightmare Creatures coming from? Every time the scarlet jungle returned to the surface after being burned to ash, it was flooded with all kinds of abominable fauna in a matter of hours. The beasts would then proceed to devour each other and rapidly grow stronger.

But how did they come to be? What gave birth to them?

Were they like the moss, the vines, and the trees, growing from seeds? Were they born from the scarlet pollen or clouds of deadly spores? Were they the offspring of the ancient Nightmare Creatures that dwelled in the Hollows, perhaps, brought to the surface by the slithering vines?

Did they simply materialize out of thin air, or crawl out of the ash?

Rain did not know, and nobody else knew, either. Godgrave still held countless mysteries, and this was one of them.

More importantly…

She had to find a way to survive.

Dashing back, she avoided another of the beast's attacks, gritted her teeth, and then allowed her black tachi to turn back into a snake tattoo.

Then, Rain faced the lumbering abominations with bare hands.

Tearing the scarlet moss with its claws, the Nightmare Creature lunged forward, its maw opening wide, as if to bite her in two.

For a moment, everything seemed to grow still… except for Rain's shadow, which stirred slightly on the ground.

Then, at the last moment, she sidestepped to avoid the maw of the frenzied beast. At the same time, her hands moved, untying the black sash from her waist.

Rain dodged the enraged abomination like a graceful toreador and looped the beautiful silk sash around its neck.

Then, allowing the momentum of the abomination's charge to carry her forward, she poured her essence into the [In Case of Emergency] and activated its single enchantment.

Originally, that enchantment had been meant to save her from turning to ash in case the Cloudveil broke unexpectedly, flooding Godgrave with incinerating white light. It was supposed to fix the wearer of the black sash in space, making them completely still.

But currently, it wasn't Rain who was wearing the sash. Since it was wrapped around the abomination, for all intents and purposes, it was the abominations who was wearing it.

So, when the enchantment of the [In Case of Emergency] activated, it was the abomination that was frozen in place, coming to a sudden halt.

Rain staggered and hung on the beast's neck, still gripping the black sash tightly.

The enchantment had been… calibrated?... to work on an Awakened being of approximately her weight. However, currently, she was forcefully immobilizing a much heavier creature of a higher Rank.

Therefore, her soul essence was dwindling with terrible speed.

"Tamar!"

She had maybe half a dozen seconds left…

Luckily, just a few moments later, a swift figure leaped from somewhere above and landed near Rain in a whirlwind of steel. The brutish zweihander fell, biting into the neck of the abomination — it did not quite manag to behead it in one strike, but the wound was deep enough to reveal the white spine of the frozen creature.

Tamar balanced herself in one fluid motion, then delivered a second strike, cleanly cutting the abomination's head off.

Glancing at Rain, she let out a hoarse breath, lingered for a moment, and then asked neutrally:

"You called?"




***
Chapter 2065: Fragments of War (2)


***






Eventually, the battle was over. The Nightmare Creatures had been eliminated, and the tired soldiers sprawled on the ground, breathing heavily.

Rain was sitting on the scarlet moss, as well, cradling her bruised side with a somber expression. The sweltering heat of Godgrave was felt especially suffocating today, so she summoned the Green Canteen and poured cool water over her head.

'...I won't survive like that.'

She had thought that dealing with her Flaw was possible… and it was, most likely. However, learning how to deal with required time, which was hard to come by during a war, and tools that she lacked.

Rain had managed so far with Tamar's help, but how long could it last?

Shifting her gaze, she looked at her shadow.

Her brother was right there. His offer still stood. If she so wished, she could desert the Song Army at any moment and be whisked away to safety.

Leaving her comrades — and her principles — behind.

Looking away from the shadow, Rain studied her fellow soldiers.

'Fourty, fourty-one…'

There were forty-two of them left. Less than half of the initial number… some had perished during the conquest of the Collarbone Citadel, some while subjugating the wild reaches of the Breastbone Reach. Many fell during the Battle of Godheart, and finally, many more died during the retreat north.

Most of the forty-two Awakened had suffered minor wounds, while some were wounded severely. There had been two healers in the centuria before, but now, there was only Fleur. Her essence, sadly, wasn't endless.

Mercifully — or perhaps cruelly — there were relatively few people who were wounded heavily enough to require her immediate treatment. That was because the Nightmare Creatures dwelling in the jungle were too powerful, and most people who became their prey simply died.

It was a terrible thing, but also somewhat fortunate for these tired soldiers — after all, they were pursued by the members of the Sword Army.Each person who could not march on their own would slow the rest down.

Just as Rain considered this matter, Tamar's voice resounded across the recent battlefield.

"Alright… you have ten minutes to rest! We will continue north after that."

Her order was not unexpected. It was unwise to remain in the vicinity of the battlefield, where the scent of blood could attract swarms of abominable scavengers. There was also the Sword Army to worry about, so they had no time to tarry.

Everyone understood that. And yet, many dark gazes were aimed at Tamar, the faces of most soldiers turning resentful.

It couldn't be helped.

The warriors of the Song Army were still reeling from the Battle of Godheart. Even before that, their morale had been harmed grievously by the ghastly horrors of Godgrave — a literal Death Zone where no human was supposed to exist. And things were only turning harder now.

They were tired, rattled, and afraid.

How could they not feel resentful when the empty space left by their fallen comrades was so obvious as to almost be palpable?

Therefore, the soldiers had little warmth left in their hearts for the leadership of the Song Army at the moment. And since Tamar was the only officer here, she had to receive the brunt of these negative emotions.

Her situation was even worse than that of other officers, most likely, because she was a young Awakened doing the job meant for a seasoned Master. It did not matter how competent she was or how deadly of a fighter — all that mattered was that soldiers were dying, and she was a convenient target to place blame.

Looking at Tamar, the soldiers, who had followed her with fervor just recently, could not help but wonder now… how many of them would have been alive if there was an Ascended leading them instead of this Legacy youth?

The more tired and afraid they were, the more dejected they became.

The same was probably true for how they felt about the higher officers of the Song Army.

Perhaps even the Queen herself.

…Tamar, meanwhile, did not seem to pay the resentful gazes any attention. Walking over to Rain, she sat on the ground and nodded at the Green Canteen.

"Give me that."

Receiving the canteen, she drank the cool water greedily.

Exactly ten minutes later, the battered troop left the scene of the battle, not even bothering to harvest soul shards from of the bodies of the Nightmare Creatures.

Time was too short.

They hurried north without making any stops. From time to time, a stray abomination would wonder into their path, forcing the soldiers to fight. Luckily, there were no more battles as sudden and dire as that last one had been, so Rain did not have to engage in melee.

She was much safer, as well as much more effective, with a bow in her hands.

[Heavy Burden], [Outskirts at Noon], and [Don't Cut Yourself] — the three arrows crafted for her by Sunny — were far more excellent at slowing down and immobilizing the enemy than her deadly sword. Especially with how unerring Rain's aim was. Once a Nightmare Creature was hit by one of them, it was much easier for other soldiers to finish it off.

So, even though she was unable to kill anything anymore, she was still contributing plenty.

Most of the soldiers did not even notice that the way Rain fought had changed. Only Ray and Fleur were attentive enough to know that something about her was different.

"Are you… alright? Your aim is strangely off today."

She simply forced out a smile.

"Yeah, I'm fine. Just exploring what my new Memories can do."

Ray seemed unconvinced, but nodded and left her alone inthe end.

They braved the northernmost tip of the Breastbone Reach, fighting the many perils of the scarlet jungle on the way.

There were several more skirmishes, but luckily enough,the veil of clouds above them broke after a few hours. A vast swathe of the jungle was annihilated, and once the clouds repaired themselves, Rain and her companions continued on their way north.

After two more days of marching… they finally reached one of the two Crossing Strongholds.




***
Chapter 2066: Fragments of War (3)


***






Godgrave was a strange land. Although it was vast like a continent, to the point that it was easy to forget its true nature while traversing the vast plains of white bone, the titanic skeleton was just that — the remains of an inconceivable giant.

As such, its topography was strange and alien at times. The same was true to the points where the colossal breastbone connected to the immense collarbones. There was no smooth transition from one to another — instead, the ground simply sloped downward, rolling into a vast and seemingly bottomless chasm.

Of course, it was possible to descend into the darkness, reach the distant bottom, and climb back to the surface on the other side, then completing the crossing. But transporting entire armies in this manner was not feasible… not to mention that the lower part of the chasm was covered in a thick layer of soft ash, and all kinds of horrors could be hiding under its surface.

So, the Song Army had constructed fortified bridges at the two points where the chasm was the narrowest, and built mighty strongholds to guard them.

The greater stronghold was located at the point where Breastbone Reach connected to Western Collarbone Plain directly. The other was technically a chain of two lesser strongholds at both ends of the Western First Rib.

Both of the Crossing Strongholds had been built to withstand terrible sieges, so taking them by force was a daunting task.

The Song Army also fully intended to destroy the bridges before the enemy arrived…

But they had not destroyed them yet, because there were still Song soldiers trickling into the strongholds after spilling blood to slow down the approaching Sword Army.

The Greater Crossing Stronghold made for an impressive sight. It was hard to deliver building materials to Godgrave, so it was mostly built from local materials — namely, lumber scavenged from the ancient jungle of the Hollows.

The mystical wood was tougher than any mundane alloy could ever be,to the point that it sometimes seemed nearly indestructible. Sadly, it had an apparent weakness — it burned all too well, which made it vulnerable to fire attacks. Even if Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan was not fighting on the enemy side, this vulnerability could prove fatal.

So, there was an additional layer of protection atop the mystical lumber — the hides of countless abominations were stretched over the entire fortress, serving as a shield against flame.

Much of it had belonged to the Great Demon who the Queen had slain immediately after descending to Godgrave. The bones of the gargantuan ape, meanwhile, had served to reinforce the structure of the fortress wall and of its gates.

The fortress built from the bones of a Great Demon oversaw the entrance to the bridge, while a tall wall stretched in both directions for many kilometers, serving as a barrier for any being that could try climbing out of the dark chasm.

The bridge itself was long and wide, built to accommodate a great army of countless Awakened, transformed Saints, and abominable thralls of Beastmaster.

The battered remains of Tamar's centuria were currently crossing it, having finally reached safety.

Two people were standing on the protruding bastion above the gates of the stronghold, looking down at their tiny figures from great height.

One of them was Seishan, the Lost Princess of Song, while the other was her sister, Beastmaster.

Beastmaster was looking down with a somber expression on her enchanting face. The scar marring her beautiful features seemed especially sacrilegious in the bright light of the overcast sky.

She sighed.

"These ones are yours, aren't they? They should be one of the last."

Seishan nodded.

"Yes. It's the daughter of the Saint of Sorrow and her soldiers… I am glad that she returned alive. She is a good kid."

Beastmaster slowly shook her head.

"How long will she remain alive, though? At this point, is it even possible for us to win?"

Seishan looked at her with a hint of amusement.

"What are you talking about? Of course, it is possible."

She leaned on the parapet of the rampart and studied the horizon.

"Sure, the situation does not look good. We only have one Citadel while Anvil has two… perhaps three. Most of Godgrave is under his control now, and his soldiers are stronger. No one seems to be able to deal with Changing Star or the Lord of Shadows, either, which makes our superior number of Saints pointless."

Beastmaster smiled crookedly.

"You… really know how to lighten the mood, Shan."

Seishan smiled, as well.

"But war is unpredictable. It can turn on a dime."

She pointed to the dark chasm and the mighty wall of the fortress.

"And this… is our dime."

Beastmaster grimaced.

"You think we can break the Sword Army with this fortress?"

Seishan shook her head.

"No… but we can make the Sword Army break itself against this fortress."

Then, a sudden smile illuminated her graceful face.

"I know a thing or two about castles, you know."

Beastmaster chuckled. Seishan remained silent for a few moments, and then added calmly:

"A direct siege can be disastrous for the attacking side, if things go wrong. And that is what the King of Swords will do — he will throw his soldiers at the walls of this fortress without holding anything back. Because time is not on his side. If he waits for too long, he will lose Bastion, and his power will be severely diminished."

She shook her head.

"After all, the outcome of this war will not be decided by the battles of mortals. It will be decided by the battle between the King of Swords and our mother. Everything we do is ultimately to give our Supreme a better chance at victory."

Beastmaster did not respond for a while.

Eventually, though, she said quietly:

"I am not sure if you are overconfident or simply being a contrarian, but things are way worse than that. Look behind you… the soldiers are tired and terrified. The morale is low,and it will continue to plummet as the siege drags on. Whatever loyalty they have will dwindle, until, in the end, the Song Army army will break instead. No matter how great our fortress is, you can't win a siege with a broken army, sister.. So, time isn't on our side either."

Seishan remained silent.

Some time passed, and a few more battered groups of soldiers crossed the bridge.

She looked at Beastmaster somberly.

"...It's not like we have a choice, though, do we?"

Her words hung in the air, full of many meanings.

Then, Seishan turned away and sighed.

"That should be the last of them. We must blow up the bridge now."

Soon, there was a thunderous explosion, and the great bridge connecting Collarbone Plain to Breastbone Reach shuddered. With a groaning sound, its central section collapsed into the darkness. Wreathed in a cloud of dust, debris rained down, and wisps of ash rose from below.

The Greater Crossing Stronghold was ready for battle.




***
Chapter 2067: Fragments of War (4)


***






Far to the south, the winds howled in the deep canyons that broke the surface of a sloping plain. Here on the femur of the dead deity, the ancient bone was covered in cracks, as if something had shattered it countless years ago.

However, there were no scarlet vines protruding from the cracks, and no jungle covering the slopes of the titanic femur. The entire place was dead and silent, bathed in the scorching radiance of the cloudy sky.

The femur stretched all the way down to the surface of the Sea of Ash, where even the Lord of Shadows did not dare step foot. It was unclear whether the tibia and fibula of the dead god were missing or simply buried in ash — no human had ever made it to the ground before, and no one was mad enough to try and find out the truth.

Currently, a battered troop of warriors was making its way across the desolate expanse of white bone, suffering in the unbearable heat. There were three Saints among them, commanding a force comprised of Ascended Knights — those who were still alive, of course. Many had perished on the way.

Sir Gilead, the Summer Knight, was walking at the head of the column. His lustrous armor was covered in dust and had lost its sheen, and his usually clean-shaven face was now covered by a short beard. His skin had turned darker with tan, and his fiercely blue eyes were squinting against the merciless radiance of the grey sky.

Raising a hand, he wiped the sweat off his brow and lingered for a moment, listening to the howling wind.

His expression darkened.

The wind had grown stronger, bringing with it a refreshing coolness. The tired knights seemed invigorated by its touch, their movements becoming livelier.

However, the Saints looked at each other somberly.

One of them — a man wearing a suit of heavy armor and a closed helmet despite the terrible heat — spoke in a hoarse voice:

"The wind is rising."

The other, a woman carrying an ornate parasol, pulled up the scarf to cover her face and sighed heavily.

Gilead lingered for a few moments, then nodded.

"It is."

He took a few more steps, then stopped and looked at the distant sky. After considering something for a few moments, Gilead continued walking.

"We will try to get to the nearest fissure in time. We might get lucky…"

By then, the knights had noticed that the wind was growing stronger, as well. Their faces paled, and a hint of subdued terror appeared in their eyes.

"Move! There is no time waste!"

After giving the command, Gilead switched from measured steps to a jog and led the conquest expedition south. The rest of them followed.

The men in the heavy armor fell backto guard the rear of the troop, while the woman carrying a parasol caught up with him.

As the wind pushed them forward with ferocious force, she said quietly:

"How many of us do you think will make it to the Citadel, Sir Gilead?"

Gilead glanced at her briefly, but did not respond.

The woman laughed bitterly.

"Is that supposed to mean that you don't know? Or that none of us will?"

He looked at her again, this time with disapproval.

"We will prevail."

She shook her head.

"You said the same when our soldiers were being slaughtered while traversing the surface of the Spine, and when we lost three cohorts on the Girdle as well. Even when we were being eaten alive in the jungle on the northern edge of the Femur, you kept telling us these words. And yes, sure… maybe we will prevail. But who will we be? A dozen survivors? A handful?"

She shook her head again.

"Sir Gilead… it is not too late to give up. We can still retreat to the waking world, carrying the knights across one at a time."

Gilead frowned and remained silent for a few moments.

"We can. But our orders were to conquer the Citadel, so we won't."

The woman moved the parasol lower, hiding her face behind it, and sighed heavily.

"Ever so loyal…"

Gilead smiled wistfully and raised a hand, shielding his face from the wind.

The members of the expedition rushed south,hoping to find shelter before it was too late… precarious as it might have been. However, luck was not on their side.

Before too long, the woman cursed and closed her parasol, afraid that its fragile frame would be broken by the powerful gale. Soon, the wind blowing from the depths of Godgrave had turned so powerful that even Masters were struggling to keep their balance, roaring as it blew across the sloping vastness of the dead god's femur.

Worse still…

Dark flakes were raining from the sky, having been brought by the wind from the distant Sea of Ash.

Knowing that there was no time anymore, Gilead stopped and gritted his teeth.

Then he commanded his soldiers in a sober tone:

"Halt. Form a circle! Defend your brothers!"

The knights moved with the flawless precision of seasoned veterans. Whatever fear they might have felt had no effect on their readiness and coordination — just a few moments later, the expedition force formed a tight circular formation, the sharp blades of their swords pointing outward like a steel palisade.

The ash continued raining from the sky, and soon, the entire world was enveloped by a grey veil. The radiance of the overcast sky dimmed, and the suffocating heat had grown even more oppressive, battering the trembling humans like a celestial hammer.

The visibility had been reduced almost to zero.

In the twilight of the ashen storm, a brilliant light suddenly shone, chasing the darkness away. Gilead, who was standing shoulder to shoulder with his knights, had assumed his Transcendent form, turning into an ethereal figure that seemed to be woven out of pure, warm sunlight.

On the other side of the circle, the man wearing a heavy suit of armor raised his mace. In the next moment, his body seemed to expand, turning into an enormous steel warrior.

The woman was standing in the center of the circle, leaning lightly on her parasol. Her scarf was fluttering in the wind, and although her face was hidden by the fabric,her green eyes were glowing in the ashen twilight like two emerald flames.

For a while, there was nothing in the grey world but the billowing clouds of swirling ash. There was no sound surrounding them but the howling of the wind.

And yet, the Knights of Valor seemed terrified, staring into the grey void with fear, despair, and wary anticipation.




***
Chapter 2068: Fragments of War (5)


***






…It came unseen, without sound, and without warning.

Or maybe it had not come at all.

The warriors of the Sword Army were still aiming their swords into the grey void, fearing — hoping — to see vague silhouettes of abominable creatures rushing at them from the ash.

But just like before, there was no sign of the enemy.

Instead, a knight standing by Gilead's side had been there a moment before… but a moment later, he was gone.

Gilead had not even noticed when the man disappeared. He simply became aware of an empty space to his left, and saw that no one was standing there after turning his head.

…By the time he turned his head back, the knight who had been standing to his right was gone, too.

A stifled scream echoed in the grey void, being carried away by the wind. It was not the scream of one of the missing Masters — instead, it was the scream of one of their comrades who had noticed the missing people, and could not contain his terror.

Gilead could not blame him.

Even he, who had braved the Third Nightmare and countless battles since, felt disturbed and uneasy, utterly powerless in this grey hell.

This was the peril of getting too close to ground in Godgrave. When the wind rose, it carried clouds of ash from the sea below… and when the ash covered the world like a veil, beings who dwelled below rose to the surface, as well.

He would have hoped to face them in battle, no matter how dire such a battle would be, but from the day they reached the edges of the scarlet jungle till today, no one had even glimpsed what the harrowing enemy looked like.

They had been happy to escape the jungle at first. It was only later that Gilead realized that there was a reason why the scarlet infestation kept away from the lower reaches of the titanic femur.

Because it was too close to the Sea of Ash… and they were too, now.

Feeling angry and resentful, Gilead did the only thing he could do — continue to study the ash and remain as vigilant as he could.

…By the time the winds died down and the clouds of ash dissipated, revealing the vast expanse of sun-bleached bone once more, only half of his soldiers remained. The valiant Knights of Valor — those of them who remained — simply slumped on the ground, their faces so pale that they resembled ghosts.

Ashen.

Gilead dismissed his Transformation Ability and remained motionless for a while, counting the survivors and noting which of his comrades were gone.

Hopefully, dead… or maybe doomed to suffer a much more terrifying fate.

It was while he was counting the vanished that the woman with the parasol approached him once more, her face resting in the cool shadow.

Her green eyes were cold and somber.

"Have you reconsidered abandoning this doomed expedition, Sir Gilead?"

He stared at her for a few moments, then shook his head.

She laughed.

After a while, she asked:

"...It's you Flaw, isn't it?"

He simply raised an eyebrow.

"What exactly do you mean?"

She studied him coldly.

"Your indomitable loyalty. It is a result of your Flaw, right? That is why you serve the King so faithfully, despite despising him and his family so much."

Gilead smiled faintly and looked away.

After a while, he sighed.

"You people… are all the same."

The woman with the parasol raised an eyebrow.

"Oh?"

He nodded.

"None of you can imagine a world where a man stays loyal to his oaths for any reason other than having no other choice. Yes… I am loyal to the King. And yes, I have come to resent the man I am loyal to, after a while. But no, my Flaw has nothing to do with it."

Losing the smile, Gilead turned to the woman and looked at her with a somber expression.

"It is simply my choice. There are few things in this terrible world we can control — we do not choose our births, we do not choose our lives, and we rarely get to choose our deaths either. But there are still some choices that only we can make. A long time ago, I chose to be a knight of Clan Valor. That is all there is,and that is why I am loyal to the King."

The woman studied him with a hint of confusion.

"Even if the King is not worth being loyal to?"

Gilead frowned.

Why was she being so… bold? The Legacies from the vassal clans had always been less loyal to the throne than the members and retainers of Clan Valor were, true — but still, they were sufficiently steadfast and devoted to the cause. More importantly than that, they simply had no choice but to be loyal.

Because no one could defeat a Sovereign.

What had changed?

Was the pressure of the war and the mounting losses getting even to the proud Legacies? Or was this particular Legacy simply that impudent by nature?

Eventually, he shrugged.

"What does the King's character have to do with me being loyal? It's my loyalty, not his. I am the one who gave an oath, not him. If being true to a promise was predicated on how one felt about keeping it further down the road, then there wouldn't be much worth to one's word, would there?"

The woman studied him for a while, then sighed and shook his head.

"Yes... you are an icon of chivalry, Sir Gilead. A knight of whose nobility and virtue are beyond reproach. Do accept my ardent reverence and admiration. Still, what about the rest of us? It is fine if you are willing to march happily to your demise on the King's order. But must you drag us with you?"

Gilead stared at her silently for a few moments.

Then, he smiled.

"What are you talking about? Of course, I must. I mean…"

He waved his hand south and added nonchalantly:

"I can't claim the Citadel myself, since I already have one in the Sword Domain. So, I need at least one other Saint to stay alive and do it for me."

She looked at him, not amused.

"Surely, you jest."

Giland chuckled and turned away.

"Old Jest would do, considering that Rivergate was destroyed. Sadly, he is not here. But we are, so… let's get moving before the wind pick up again."

The woman sighed and hid under her parasol, mumbling something under her breath.

The rattled knights rose from the ground.

A minute later, the remains of the conquest force continued on their way south.




***
Chapter 2069: Fragments of War (6)


***






In a world submerged in eternal darkness, a pale light was shining on the vast expanse of flowing water. However, it was unable to penetrate the dreadful depths of the subterranean ocean, reflecting from its surface like the map of a night sky.

The gentle light was emanating from a beautiful woman who was sitting lonesomely on the rough surface of a stone cliff, looking at the dark water with a distant expression. She was delicate and lovely, with a slender build and a soft, enchanting face. Her hair was white, and her eyes seemed to glimmer with the afterglow of pale moonlight.

The corpses of the drowned lay scattered around the radiant beauty, staring into the darkness with empty eyes.

She was Moonveil, one of the seven Transcendent princesses of Song.

Looking into the distance, Moonveil sighed and turned her head slightly, listening to the darkness.

There were few sounds in the silence of the subterranean ocean. The distant hum of the great waterfalls that fed it, the tranquil murmurs of the flowing water, the eerie song of the powerful winds. The splintered pieces of a broken ship scraping quietly against the jagged stone.

And there, coming closer, another sound…

The powerful beating of someone's mighty wings.

Before too long, another figure landed on the cliff, wreathed in darkness.

It was a beautiful demoness with flawless alabaster skin and tenebrous eyes, her silken hair falling down like glossy obsidian. Two horns crowned her head, and her black wings folded to wrap themselves around her shoulders, hanging down like a leathery cloak.

Revel was effortlessly carrying a human corpse, drops of water falling from it to the wet stone. Considering her towering height, it looked like a toy in her pale hand.

She placed the dead man gently on the ground and straightened, looking at him with a somber expression.

Moonveil sighed.

"...No survivors?"

Revel lingered for a few moments, then slowly shook her head.

"No. And I don't think that I'll find any more bodies, either… whoever is missing was probably swallowed by whatever it is that dwells in these cursed waters."

The expedition the two of them led had departed from the Hollows of Breastbone Reach during a rainstorm. Overcoming countless perils, they navigated the treacherous network of rivers permeating the flooded jungle on an enchanted ship. Both Revel and Moonlight had to test the limits of their power, not holding anything back… even then, it was barely enough to survive.

Then, they crossed into the Hollows of the Second Rib and followed the powerful currents across its dark length, eventually plummeting down toward the Spine Ocean.

The journey had been long and difficult. Simply keeping the ship from being torn apart or crushed by the current was a tall task… and then, there were all the abominable monsters populating the hollow expanse of the titanic rib. There was the jungle itself, too — the vast fields of man-eating seaweed, the slithering vines hanging from the darkness above, the island-sized water lilies that enchanted the sailors and then swallowed the enthralled humans with terrible maws…

The closer to the Spine they traveled, the worse it became. They lost many good men and women before even reaching the subterranean ocean.

But they did reach it, in the end.

It was just that the ship had been shattered during the tumultuous crossing, and the crew had been drowned in the dark waters or killed by the creatures dwelling in the depths.

Now, the two of them were all who remained.

They stayed silent for a while, looking at the drowned corpses.

Eventually, Moonveil sighed.

"It's of no use. Mother's authority does not reach here, so they won't rise."

Revel lowered her head somberly.

The ship was destroyed, the crew was dead… and worse than that, they could not even retreat.

That was because the Call of Nightmare was assaulting their minds like a demented litany of ghostly cries, indicating that there were Seeds blooming somewhere beneath the surface. The Spine Ocean was a deadly trap, preventing them from retreating back into the waking world.

There was no way out.

Moonveil smiled.

"So, what? Are we going to die here?"

Revel glacned at her sister, who looked like a delicate doll in front of her towering Transcendent form, and shrugged.

"We might."

Moonveil chuckled.

"Is it strange that I feel relieved to know that I'll die beyond the reach of our mother's authority?"

Revel frowned.

"Yes. Of course, it does… you are her daughter. She would not have turned your body into a puppet."

Her sister sighed.

"I guess you are right."

With that, she looked around and asked in a curious tone:

"Do you think we can escape?"

Revel considered the answer for a few moments. Eventually, she nodded her horned head.

"I doubt we can climb back into the Second Rib. Even if we do, we won't survive the journey back to the Breastbone Hollows. The rainstorm has long passed, so the rivers would have dried out… it's a fool's errand."

She looked south.

"No, our only chance is to find the Citadel, conquer it, and use its Gateway to return to the waking world safely. So, that is what we must attempt to do."

Her expression darkened.

"However… there is a complication."

Moonveil titled her head a little.

"Our pursuers? Have you seen them?"

Revel smiled darkly.

"Yes. They are a few dozen kilometers away. Their ships were destroyed while crossing into the Spine, as well, but many more of them have survived. They have plenty of monstrous aquatic Echoes — some natural, some artificial. It's an entire fleet."

The Sword Army had sent an expedition into the Spine Ocean, as well. However, while Revel had been sent to conquer the Citadel, it was merely a secondary goal for them.

Their main goal was to kill Revel, and they were equipped well to achieve it. There were seven Sword Saints and a small army of Masters pursuing the daughters of the Queen, including a member of one of Valor's branch families. The forged Echoes brought by them into the subterranean ocean were both well-suited for braving its dark expanse and fearsome.

…Now, the members of the pursuing expedition were trapped in the spine of the dead deity, just like Revel and Moonveil were.

Revel looked at her sister for a while, and then smiled.

"Veil… I suddenly had a thought."

Moonveil raised an eyebrow.

"Is it, perhaps, a sane and benign thought of forgetting all our grudges and differences to form a pact of camaraderie with the Saints of the Sword Army? To fight side by side with fellow humans as allies and survive in this harrowing place together?"

Not receiving an answer immediately, she sighed.

"Uh-on."

Revel looked in the direction where the enemy was gathering their forces, hidden by darkness, and said evenly:

"It strikes me that, while the Song Domain can grow stronger by conquering the Spine Citadel, the Sword Domain can grow weaker by losing these seven Saints and the Citadels controlled by them. So, even if we die here… as long as we die after making sure that they die first, the situation on the surface will still improve in our favor."

Moonveil closed her radiant eyes for a moment.

"Ah… I see. As expected."

She rose from the cold stone and looked where Revel was looking, as well.

After a while, she said:

"But why can't we do both? Kill the Saints... and conquer the Citadel. Wouldn't that be better?"

Revel smiled darkly.

"Yes. Let's do both… brave this dark ocean, survive the pursuers, and take the Citadel. Why settle for anything less?"

Spreading her wings, she lifted her sister off the ground gently, and then leaped into the air.




***
Chapter 2070: Fragments of War (7)


***






A shattered moon shone upon a shattered castle. The castle had always been a ruin, but now it was reduced to rubble. The rubble used to be surrounded by a deep lake, but now, the lake was gone.

Its bottom had been revealed, in all its mystery and horror.

Standing on the mound of debris that had once been a great rampart, Kai was looking down. Far below him, ancient ruins glistened in the pale moonlight. They were covered in mud and seaweed, but he could still recognize the shapes of beautiful stone edifices and smaller buildings beneath the mud.

The castle stood on a mountain, and there was a prosperous and sprawling city surrounding the mountain… or had been, once.

Others would not see, but Kai did. Buried in the mud, hidden in the darkness of the ancient buildings… there were human bones. There were too many of them to count. Myriads of skulls were staring at him with empty gazes, as if blaming him for being alive.

Millions of people must have perished here once, a long time ago. Some of the skeletons were intact, and some were crushed. He did not know what had killed the inhabitants of the ancient city, but whatever it was, their deaths had been sudden and brutal.

Perhaps it was the great flood that had drowned the city, burying it under the mass of water for thousands of years.

Perhaps the great flood had happened on the same day the moon had been shattered.

Looking at the drowned city that sprawled across the entire basin of the lake, Kai wondered if there was a similar ruin at the bottom of the real Mirror Lake.

No… this was the real Mirror Lake. The Bastion he was familiar with was merely an illusion.

It was still strange to think about that.

Letting out a heavy sigh, he looked away from the ruins of the ancient city and turned his gaze to the sky.

The shattered moon was always the same, and Kai knew better than to stare at it too much. It could not tell him anything about time, anyway… however,he knew that there was going to be a full moon in the illusory version of Bastion today.

Which meant that, for a short time, reality and illusion would overlap a little, allowing for passage from one to another.

...Which meant that if Mordret wanted to infiltrate the capital of the Sword Domain, he had to do it today. There would be another battle, without a doubt… and a much more ferocious one than all the previous ones.

If that was even possible.

The ruin of the castle had not been turned to rubble without a reason, after all, and the bottom of the lake was not revealed by accident. For the past month, Kai and the other Saints whom Morgan of Valor had recruited were battling the Prince of Nothing in this dreamlike land, slowly changing the very landscape of true Bastion.

Even the ancient forest on the other side of the hollow lake was now charred and devastated, its outer edges burned to ash.

The bitter clash between the children of the King of Swords had been like a cataclysm, eroding the very land that was supposed to be their birthright. Looking at the scene of utter devastation surrounding him, Kai could not help but feel relieved that Morgan had decided to hide the illusory Bastion away and repel her brother's siege in this desolate place. Otherwise, the loss of life would have been more unbearable than during the Southern Campaign.

He had not seen a battle that calamitous yet… except maybe for the siege of Verge, where they had faced the Defiled Legion and the abominable First Seeker. That one, he still saw in his nightmares sometimes.

Miraculously, the defenders of Bastion had held their ground for an entire month. It was partially due to their own resolve and prowess, partially due to how tenacious Morgan of Valor and enchanted body were, and partially due to sheer luck.

But mostly, it was because of the battlefield she had chosen.

Here in true Bastion, harrowing creatures whom Morgan called the Others dwelled.These nebulous beings inhabited reflections, and therefore, the powers of her brother were stifled.

Kai and the other defenders had only encountered the Others a few times, and even then, it had almost cost them their lives. But Mordret had to face these strange and alien beings every time he wanted to use the powers of his Aspect, which meant that he was fighting a war on two fronts.

One war against his sister and her Saints, and another war in the reflections.

That was why he had not been able to crush the defenders of the ruined castle yet despite his appalling power... yet... and that was why Bastion had not already fallen into the hands of the Song Domain.

At least that was how it seemed on the surface. Kai, nevertheless, felt uneasy… he somewhat knew Mordret, after all, having conquered two Nightmares and fought in Verge together.

When did that man not have a scheme hidden up his sleeve?

Something was not how it looked here, but Kai did not know what, and had no evidence to prove his suspicion.

In any case, Bastion could not fall. The Sword Domain was currently in a desperate situation, and they could not allow it to collapse just yet.

Looking down, Kai rubbed his face tiredly and soared into the air, flying smoothly to where a fire was burning in the heart of the ruins, and the tantalizing aroma of food was rising above an alloy pan.

As he landed gently on the ground and greeted the other Saints, a strong gale of wind crashed into the remains of a crumbling wall protecting the fire, and a small pebble fell from it into the pan.

Before it could plummet into the fragrant stew, however, Princess Morgan raised a hand and caught it without ever looking up. Her reaction was just as fast as one would expect from a Saint, but it was her senses that amazed Kai. Did she catch the pebble simply by hearing it brush against air, or was there a Memory she possessed that granted her complete awareness of her surroundings?

It was a good catch regardless.Having a dirty pebble fall into their stew would have made the meal less enjoyable.

Kai smiled and opened his mouth to say something.

But before he could, Morgan spoke first:

"Good catch. I know."

He looked at her blankly.

Letting out a sigh, the princess raised her head and looked at him with sunken eyes.

"...It will be ready in a few moments."

Her usually sharp gaze seemed a little dulled, and she looked a little disheveled. Morgan of Valor had always been neat and collected, maintaining flawless decorum and cold composure even in the middle of most dreadful fights. Her tidiness was a bit compulsive, even.

But now, her clothes were in disarray, and her beautiful raven hair was begging for a brush. She looked drained and exhausted — quite understandably so, considering that they all were.

It was just that, when Kai had seen her several hours ago, Morgan seemed much more full of vitality.

Looking at her now, he frowned.

Something… was wrong with Morgan of Valor.




***
Chapter 2071: Fragments of War (8)


***






It was a silent kind of terror, and one Kai was unfamiliar with. Meeting a new fear was almost amusing, like finding a new friend.

Truth be told, Kai was a fearful person. He had always been stifled by fear… first by fear of failure, shame, loneliness, and rejection, then by fear of death, agony, loss, and tragedy.

And regret, most of all.

It was just that he had gotten better at ignoring his fears as time went by, to the point that people often mistook him for someone who was innately brave. But he wasn't — not at all like his friends and companions, who seemed naturally fearless to an almost reckless degree.

Take Effie, for example…

Noticing the strange state of Morgan, she did not even grow tense. Instead, she looked at the pot of stew with a wistful expression, seemingly only worried about it being overturned. Her hand, meanwhile, moved closer to the shaft of her spear, which lay nearby.

Or Jet. Soul Reaper remained where she was, leaning comfortably on a boulder. That woman truly knew how to look comfortable anywhere… her icy blue eyes were following Morgan intently, but her expression remained calm and relaxed. A little amused, even.

Aether and Bloodwave did not seem to notice the strangeness, but at least Naeve seemed to be a normal human. He had grown still, throwing a cautious look at the princess.

It was a relief.

Kai, meanwhile, furtively looked around to see if there were any reflective surfaces around them. It was no surprise that the first thing his mind went to were the Others… there had already been an incident where one of those beings assumed the form of a human, after all.

That time, they had only avoided disaster because of Kai. The copy had spent several hours with them, pretending to be Aether… and although they did not know it then, the thing was growing stronger with every instance of someone witnessing it, addressing it, and otherwise acknowledging it as the real person in any way.

It was just that, no matter what it said,its words were neither truth nor a lie. Kai sensed the strange and eerie discrepancy almost immediately after returning from his patrol — that was how they managed to destroy the Other while only losing torrents of blood instead of losing people.

Aether himself had slept through the whole thing, only learning that someone out there had been walking around wearing his face when the battle was over.

If Morgan had been replaced by the Other…

She was surrounded by five people, and had been for at least an hour. If this thing functioned in the same manner as the previous one, then its existence had already been acknowledged to a frightening degree.

Kai felt his heart beating wildly, but then took a deep breath and calmed himself.

No, that was not the case. Earlier, she said… that she knew her catch was good. Those words were true, which was different from how the words of the previous Other had felt.

Then again, maybe the first one had simply not reached the point of mimicking human intent yet.

Unlike this one.

Morgan gave Kai a dubious look and shook her head.

"I'm not the Other."

Noticing his startled expression, she chuckled.

"It was written all over your face."

The first statement was true, but the second was not. Kai hesitated for a few moments, then looked at his companions and gave them a small nod.

Effie removed her hand from the spear and used it to cover a yawn.

"Is it..."

Morgan nodded.

"Yes, it's ready. Help yourselves."

The seven of them shared the stew — most of it went into Effie's bowl, of course — showing a voracious appetite. Battling the Prince of Nothing day after day, for an entire month, was a good way to work up an appetite.

Effie was beyond herself.

"My, oh my. The seasoning is just perfect! Just like I prefer it... no, really, I couldn't have made it better myself!"

At least someone was feeling uplifted...

Eventually, the pot grew empty.

In the silence that followed, Kai spoke somberly:

"Today,the full moon will rise above the illusory Bastion. You know what it means, Lady Morgan — your brother will definitely come again, and his assault will be even more dreadful this time."

She nodded calmly, not at all as worried as he thought she would be.

At this point, Morgan had to be all out of hidden aces, so Kai really did not know where her confidence was coming from.

It was a bit infuriating.

He studied the beautiful princess of Valor silently for a while, baffled by her nonchalance.

To be fair, Morgan did not quite look calm. More like… too ragged and tired to care. How come she had changed so much in a few hours?

He cleared his throat and glanced at Jet.

This time, it was her who gave him a nod.

Kai continued:

"That was why we discussed it among ourselves. We think that we found a stopgap solution on how to stop him."

Morgan glanced at him with the familiar spark of amusement in her vibrant vermilion eyes.

"Oh?"

Jet sighed, then leaned forward and raised a hand. Soon, a beautiful hourglass appeared on it, woven out of a whirlwind of radiant sparks.

She studied the hourglass for a few moments, then said lazily:

"This here is a Supreme Memory of the Fourth Tier that the three of us earned not too long ago… in quite a troublesome battle. It will not really prevent our eventual downfall, but it can buy us another day, and hopefully reveal whatever strategy Mordret is planning to employ next."

Aether looked at her with a slightly dazed expression.

"Saint Jet… you killed a Great Devil?"

She grinned.

"The three of us did, sure. Why? Have you guys never killed a Great Devil?"

The young Saint slowly shook his head.

"Cousin Naeve slayed a Great Beast once. But no… I have only ever seen Great Abominations from afar, in my Third Nightmare."

Effie tilted her head.

"What are you talking about? We killed a Great Monster two days ago, when the lake became shallow. Whose meat do you think was in that stew?"

Aether blinked a couple of times.

"Oh… that thing was of the Great Rank? I'm sorry. I did not notice."

The huntress stared at him for a couple of moments, then threw her head back and laughed.

"Gods… are you sure you haven't slain a Great Devil or two in the past? Maybe you just failed to notice their greatness."

The young Saint seemed to blush a little and looked away.

Jet smiled.

"In any case. This Memory is a bit special. It can only be used once, but…"

Morgan leaned back and grimaced.

"But it can make a day repeat itself one time. Yes, I know."

She was telling the truth. She did, indeed, know.

Kai frowned.

Then, his eyes widened.

The way she had caught the pebble without looking… the way she looked, and the way she spoke.

Even the taste of the stew.

He smiled suddenly.

"Lady Morgan… you have already used the hourglass, haven't you?"

The princess stared at him for a few long moments, then sighed.

"In a way."

Things were suddenly making much more sense. Kai was excited.

"So, you are living this day for the second time?"

Morgan slowly shook her head.

She remained silent for a while, then said in a grim tone:

"No. Not the second."

For a few moments, everyone was silent.

Then, Effie snorted incredulously.

"I can't believe… that this is happening to me for the second time!"




***
Chapter 2072: Fragments of War (9)


***






As Kai was slowly digesting the meaning of what Morgan had said, the three Saints of Night looked at Effie with various degrees of surprise on their faces.

Eventually, it was Naeve who asked in a subdued tone:

"...Second time?"

Effie let out a dejected sigh, covered her face with a palm, and nodded.

"Yeah… happened in our Third Nightmare. Kai was elsewhere, but Jet and I got stuck on an island where the same day was repeating itself endlessly. For us, just a few hours had passed… but in fact, it was more than a year. If not for Cassie — ah, that is Saint Song of the Fallen — eventually learning to retain her memories of the previous loops, somehow, we would have probably still been on that damned island."

Jet scoffed.

"What are you complaining about? It's not like we remember any of the previous days. In fact, that whole Nightmare is hard to remember."

The Nightwalker just stared at them silently.

Every Nightmare was a darkly wondrous experience, especially so the Third Nightmare… but an island where time endlessly repeated itself? That sounded a little bit too fantastical, even for Saints.

Effie raised an eyebrow.

"What? You guys would have loved it there. Our whole Third Nightmare happened in a place where there was nothing but water… literally, not land whatsoever anywhere around!"

With that, she grinned and looked at Morgan.

"That said…there is something I don't understand. Isn't the hourglass supposed to be a one-time thing?"

The princess of Valor shrugged indifferently.

"It is."

Then, a sharp, dangerous smile twisted her crimson lips.

"But you forget about my Ascended Ability, Raised by Wolves. I can embody enchantments of various Memories, remember? So, that was what I did. The first time Soul Reaper suggested using the hourglass, I engraved its enchantment onto my body and used it. The engraving was erased after one use, but the hourglass remained intact. The second time, I used the hourglass — it was destroyed, but when I returned to the past,the engraving was intact. So, by alternating between the two, I was able to make this day repeat itself over and over again."

Kai paled a little.

It was a strange thing, to know that time flowed differently for most of the world than it did for him… again. And that he did not remember who knew how many days spent side by side with Morgan.

'I hope… I didn't make a fool out of myself.'

He might have abandoned his idol persona a long time ago, but old habits died hard. Kai was still deathly afraid of behaving inappropriately in front of people.

Especially in front of actual royalty!

He coughed.

"How long has it been, exactly?"

Morgan yawned.

"It's already summer in the outside world. We've been here for months… oh, right. The Lord of Shadows massacred a dozen Song Saints. The Sword Army had won a glorious victory at Godheart, and the enemy is now in full retreat. What else? The walking world has become a secondary battlefield of the war, my sister has been punished for insubordination. That pretty much covers it, I think."

She lingered for a moment, and then added:

"But none of that concerns us, really. All we have to do is keep keeping my brother here."

Her voice sounded listless.

Kai, Effie, and Jet shared a dark glance. The news of so many things changing while they were unaware was highly unwelcome. After all, they had to follow their own plans, and that required coordination with the other members of the cohort.

'The Lord of Shadows… seems even more powerful than any of us has anticipated.'

Kai wasn't really surprised at the fact. That man... was really something else entirely. Talking to him made Kai feel like he was losing his mind, one impossible truth at a time.

What was it? A custody dispute with a Cursed Terror?

Kai shuddered, and shook his head a little to get rid of unnecessary thoughts.

Knowing that he would have to talk to Jet and Effie later, he then shifted his attention to Morgan.

Now that he knew why the proud princess of Valor did not look like her usual composed self… he was still concerned about her bleak and exhausted state.

This listlessness was not at all like Morgan.

Kai lingered for a moment.

"Excuse me for being blunt, Lady Morgan… but can I assume that you have not been able to repel today's attack even after trying it dozens of times?"

Morgan nodded solemnly.

"...Yes. You were right — he is going to go all out today. We tried many things to stop him, but each time, we failed. Worse still, that guy seemed to have managed to become aware of the hourglass, somehow. I think he is retaining his memories of the previous attempts now."

A cold gust of wind blew across the ruins, making their defenders shiver.

Jet leaned on her boulder, crossed her legs, and asked in a curious tone:

"So, what are you planning to do now, princess?"

Morgan looked at her tiredly.

Then, a dark smile twisted her lips.

"What else? I am going to continue doing the same thing — fighting him and turning the time back — over and over again. As many times as it takes."

Jet chuckled.

"Isn't that the definition of madness?"

Morgan shrugged.

"So what if it is? War does not have anything to do with sanity. All that matters is accomplishing your goals, and although we have not been able to beat Mordret, losing to him miserably every time we tried… beating him has never been our goal, to begin with."

She looked at them and raised an eyebrow.

"You seem to have forgotten, but we were not sent here to defeat my brother. We were sent here to prevent him from taking control of Bastion — until the Sovereigns conclude the war in Godgrave. And that is what we have been doing successfully all this time. In fact… we performed quite remarkably, if I do say so myself."

Her dark smile widened into an even darker grin.

"Sure, he has slaughtered us repeatedly, but he is still stuck on the other shore of the lake, is he not?"

The six Saints glanced at each other,then nodded slowly.

If seen that way, it did indeed make sense.

Kai sighed.

"So, what do we do today?"

Morgan lingered for a moment, then let out a bitter, joyless laugh.

Her crimson eyes flashed with fury and resentment.

And fatigue.

She sneered coldly.

"What else? We go and get slaughtered… one more time."




***
Chapter 2073: Fragments of War (10)


***






A strange and eerie scene was taking place under the radiant sky of Godgrave.

A great battle was raging above a bottomless dark chasm… yet it was utterly still and unmoving, as if frozen in place.

On the southern side of the chasm, swarms of soldiers were standing still like statues. Some stood straight, some were frozen midstep. Sweat was pouring down their pale faces, and their eyes were full of dark resignation… but none of them moved.

In front of them, the sun-bleached surface of the ancient bone was wet with blood. There had been a great bridge across the chasm once — that bridge was gone, and a new one was constructed on its ruins, looking like a marvel of military engineering.

The new bridge was held up by steel cables that had been shot over the chasm by powerful siege engines and anchored in the bone, with hastily raised scaffolds and cross-beams supporting a wide wooden floor.

That floor was now painted red, with countless bodies littering it like a macabre carpet. Many soldiers had perished while trying to hastily construct the bridge under an avalanche of arrows — the massive shields they had used to protect themselves lay there, as well, splintered and shattered by powerful enchantments and destructive Aspect Abilities of the defenders.

Many soldiers had perished while trying to cross the bridge, too. There were plenty of those who still lived, though… all of them were utterly motionless, some crouching behind shields, some standing tall. Even the wounded remained motionless, bleeding silently in the middle of a frozen battle.

The blood fell from the bridge like a crimson rain, boiling and evaporating in the blinding sunlight.

Across the bridge, a mighty fortress towered above the dark chasm. Bodies had piled under its tall walls, where the battle was the most ferocious. Despite the heavy losses, the attackers managed to raise siege ladders and attach grappling hooks to the top of the ramparts — currently, countless warriors were climbing up, desperate to take over the wall.

Or rather, they had been climbing. At the moment, they were like frozen statues, too. Soldiers were standing still on the rungs of the ladders, holding enchanted shields above their heads. Others were clinging to the ropes with desperate gazes, their tortured muscles trembling from fatigue.

And finally, there were those who had crested the wall.

Sid was among those few.

She was standing at the top of the battlement, unmoving, staring at the tip of the enemy blade that had stopped mere centimeters from her neck.

The blade was so near, but had failed to touch her skin for an entire hour.

Around her, a ferocious melee seemed to have been frozen in time. The warriors of the two great armies were entangled, fighting and dying, killing each other — only all of them were motionless, not daring to move even a centimeter.

Some were about to kill their opponents, some were about to be killed. Their eyes were shining with terror, panic, indignation, rage, bloodlust… or growing numb with numbness, desperation, and exhaustion.

But all of them remained still.

It was quite an exquisite torment, to have the executioner's axe hang above your neck , neither retreating nor falling down, without end.

…Flakes of ash were drifting in the air.

Of course, the furious battle came to a halt because the veil of clouds above the battlefield had broken, and harrowing sunlight poured down from the pristine white hell above.

The scene of frozen carnage was bathed in incandescent radiance, making the terrible slaughter seem strangely ethereal and heavenly. Of course, there was nothing beautiful about it — war was always appalling, after all, and this battle had been especially ghastly for the Sword Army.

The great army of the Sword Domain had split in two a few days earlier. A large contingent turned toward the Western First Rib — the lesser of the two Crossing Strongholds. The main body of the army, meanwhile, continued north, eventually reaching the Greater Stronghold at the precipice of the Collarbone Plain.

The Lord of Shadows was accompanying the western contingent, while both Changing Star and Sky Tide had not reached the battlefield yet. Nevertheless, the King commanded the soldier into an assault to probe the enemy's defenses.

That was how the Fire Keepers ended up participating in a large-scale battle without their lady for the first time in many years.

The elite forces of the Sword Army had stayed back at first, allowing the less experienced Awakened troops to amass and move forward to construct the bridge — it was a pragmatic decision, albeit a cruel one. The losses among the engineering corps and the soldiers that were assisting them were terrible…

Of course, the Fire Keepers were sent forward in the first wave, as well.

They were the first ones to step on the newly built bridge, too, leading the assault across its long expanse under a barrage of ranged attacks.

Perhaps without them, the assault would have ended before ever reaching the walls of the fortress. But the Fire Keepers carved a path across the chasm, allowing the soldiers of the Sword Army to advance.

The gates were too impregnable to be broken without a sufficiently powerful siege ram, which was hard to carry across the chasm until the bridge was widened and reinforced. So, the only option they had was to scale the wall and try to take it.

And they did...

But at a dire cost.

Many more soldiers died under the walls of the Greater Stronghold. And the Fire Keepers… the luck that had been on their side since the Forgotten Shore finally turned its back on the Fire Keepers, and they finally suffered their first casualties since the siege of the Crimson Spire.

Full of bitterness and resentment, Sid couldn't help but think that, perhaps, that was the real punishment the King had intended for their lady. Not just to send her away, but to send her soldiers into deadly peril while she was away.

'Curse him… curse his entire damned clan...'

But there was no time for sorrow in the middle of a deadly battle. Despite losing several people, the Fire Keepers were the first ones to scale the wall.

And it was there, when the warriors of the Sword Army were desperately trying to carve out a bridgehead on the battlements, that the veil of clouds broke, and the world became drowned by the blinding radiance.

The battle halted in an instant.

And it was frozen still, an eternity later, with only the flakes of ash moving in the still and motionless world.

Sid felt a drop of sweat roll down her face.

Then, a wounded soldier who had been crouching a few steps away let out a tired groan and swayed, blood seeping between his fingers.

The man collapsed.

…His body turned to ash before even touching the ground.

Countless people witnessed his death, but no one moved. No one reacted. No one even averted their gaze.

A moment later, the furious battlefield was utterly silent once again, with only the wind singing its indifferent song.

Sid took a shallow breath and concentrated on the blade of the sword that was mere centimeters away from her neck, ready to cut it at any moment.

'What to do?'

There was nothing to do.

All she could do was wait.




***
Chapter 2074: Fragments of War (11)


***






At the end of it all, Sid felt as if her entire being was made from ash. Her vision was blurry and her arms felt numb, the weight of her sword and her shield like that of a mountain. Everything was permeated with blinding light and the smell of ash, which fell from the sky like snow.

The terror and excitement of battle had turned into resentment, and resentment turned into resignation. Most of all, there was pain and fatigue.

'...I wouldn't mind a good massage right about now.'

The irreverent thought made her want to smile.

Of course, she didn't.

Instead, she shifted her focus from the sword hanging at her neck to the radiant distance.

The shadows were moving, and the blinding sunlight was growing dim there, far away.

The breach in the veil of clouds was finally closing.

It took Sid a few moments to realize what was happening.

Then, her dull gaze regained some of its sharpness.

'I'll be damned.'

She was not destined to become ash, after all… at least not just yet.

What happened next transpired with a torturous slowness, but also eerily fast.

The merciless white light dimmed, and the frozen battle thawed, exploding into a demented symphony of violence almost instantly once again.

It was as if no time had passed at all.

Far away, on the other side of the chasm, the soldiers staggered and continued marching toward the bridge. Those on the bridge pushed forward, desperate to reach the walls of the fortress before its defenders renewed the deadly barrage — it was a futile hope, of course, because a dense cloud of arrows rose into the sky just a split moment later. The arrows rained down, reaping dozens of lives.

The soldiers who had been climbing the wall moved, too. Some simply released their hold on the ropes and plummeted down, too tired and spent to do anything else. Some swayed but stubbornly continued to climb, knowing that nothing but death awaited for them on the ground.

Nothing but death awaited for them atop the wall, too.

Sid knew it better than most.

As soon as the radiance of the white abyss dimmed, her opponent thrust the sword forward. The momentum of his initial swing had been exhausted, but the blade was sharp enough to cut her throat even without much force behind it.

The bastard did not hesitate at all.

…She didn't hesitate, either.

Sid had been given plenty of time to consider her next move, after all.

Activating her Awakened Ability, Sid hardened her body for a few moments. The enemy sword produced a jarring scraping sound as it traveled across her skin, unable to cut it — in the next moment, Sid activated her Dormant Ability and slammed her shield into the enemy's chest, sending him flying back like a rag doll.

The blow was not powerful enough to break a Master, but it did toss him over the edge of the battlements. The man plummeted down with a shriek, disappearing from view. The walls of the fortress were tall, so it was unclear whether he would survive the fall or not.

Sid did not care either way. She had other matters to worry about…

There were plenty more enemies around her, all wishing to tear her apart. Too many, even — the situation was quite desperate.

Despite the fact that the Fire Keepers had managed to crest the wall and clear a path up for the soldiers of the Sword Army, their position was highly precarious. There were several hundred warriors of the Sword Domain on the battlements now… but there were tens of thousands of enemies they had to contend against.

Their chances did not look too good.

Blocking a barrage of blows and moving nimbly between the enemies, Sid slashed and pierced with her sword. A few moments later, she found herself side by side with Shim, the field leader of the Fire Keepers, and pressed her back against his.

Both of them were breathing heavily, utterly exhausted after having stormed the bridge, scaled the wall, and endured the Cloudbreak on top of that. Their armor was battered and painted red by blood, and their faces were deathly pale.

Their eyes were calm and cold, though, devoid of even a hint of panic.

Sid grinned.

"Hey, Shim… this is pretty bad, huh?"

They separated to deal with their enemies, then moved closer to guard each other's backs once again.

He let out an indifferent sigh.

"...It's less than ideal, true."

At that moment, a Master from one of the vassal Legacy clans of Song lunged at the nonchalant healer from the mass of enemy soldiers. Shim became preoccupied, while Sid had to deal with a swarm of Awakened soldiers aiming to bleed her to death.

Soon enough, surrounded by the stench of blood, the two of them found each other once again.

Sid was staring at her shoulder, which was pierced by an enemy arrow. Usually, she would have been able to dodge or deflect it, but this time, the archer had turned out to be unusually skilled. Not only did the arrow find a crack in her armor, but it had also been shot at the precise moment when she could not do anything to avoid being hit.

More than that, the arrow seemed to possess a peculiar enchantment that made it weigh hundreds of kilograms. Sid was barely able to withstand the burden, and she had to drop her shield.

If there was one mercy, it was that she was still alive. With how skilled the archer was, it would not have been hard for them to sink the arrow into her eye.

'Lucky me...'

Sid grimaced, then gritted her teeth and grabbed the arrow, trying to pull it from her flesh. Of course, the arrowhead had turned out to be barbed, which made for some truly exquisite pain.

She cursed quietly.

"I can't tell if we're gaining ground or being pushed back."

Shim scoffed.

"We are being pushed back, of course. It's hopeless. We were never going to take the wall this way."

Finally managing to rid herself of the heavy burden of the enchanted arrow, Sid glanced at him darkly.

"What the hell are we doing here, then?"

He shrugged.

"Waiting for them to sound the retreat. They'll do it once more of us die."

Sid was speechless for a moment, then shook her head dejectedly.

"Let's wait, then. Bah, what a dreadful day…"

They lunged back into the battle, struggling desperately against the endless tide of Song soldiers.

The warriors of the Sword Domain continued to climb the wall, and continued to die. Slowly but surely, they were pushed back to the ladders, finding themselves on the verge of being thrown down.

'When are they going to sound the damned horn?'

Sid was bleeding, in pain, and tired.

All of them were.

But the order to retreat was still not coming.

She sighed.

'Ah... I really hate sieges...'




***
Chapter 2075: Fragments of War (12)


***






From afar, the great fortress of Song looked like a disturbed anthill. Countless tiny figures were swarming its walls — some climbing them, some falling down. The approach to the fortress was covered by a dark mass of moving bodies, with arrows falling down like rain.

Of course, these dark figures were not ants. They were humans, and human lives were being lost every moment.

Anvil of Valor was once again observing the battle from the platform on the head of a towering Echo, accompanied by the Saints of the Sword Domain. Only, this time, Nephis of the Immortal Flame was not here to defy him… so, everyone remained still, observing the distant battle in grim silence.

The Greater Crossing Stronghold was refusing to fall.

The terrain was too disadvantageous, and the fortress was too impregnable. The valor of its defenders was beyond reproach. Of course, this first attack on the fearsome fortifications of the Song Army was merely meant to probe their defenses… but still. It was a troubling sight.

By then, it was already apparent that the costly assault would not succeed.

Anvil studied the distant fortress for a few more moments, then turned his head and looked at Cassie. The blind seer was standing closer than any other Saint to him, almost as if she was the sole recipient of the King's favor.

He spoke:

"Lady Cassia… how are things advancing in the west?"

She lowered her head a little.

"It is worse than here, Your Majesty. The Lesser Stronghold still stands… they managed to bring down the bridge, as well. Our casualties are severe, and no one managed to even reach the walls."

Her voice was respectful and neutral… not at all brimming with anger, hatred, and resentment.

He studied her for a few moments, then looked away with a somber expression.

Anvil remained silent for a while longer, then let out a sigh.

"...Sound the retreat."

Soon, the deafening sound of a war horn thundered above the dark chasm. The distant anthill exploded with activity as the battered soldiers of the Sword Army abandoned the walls of the fortress and slowly fell back. Of course, the retreat was just as bloody as the initial assault… not the least of all because those killed on the bridge had already risen, attacking their former comrades from the rear.

Nevertheless, in the end, the warriors of the Sword Domain managed to cross back. The bridge was destroyed just a few moments later and plummeted into the chasm.

The battlefield grew silent.

…The Song Army had lost many soldiers, as well, but its numbers were now greater than before. That was because those who had died trying to scale the walls of the fortress were now standing at the edge of the chasm, staring across its dark breadth with empty eyes.

Anvil frowned.

A few moments later, he said evenly:

"We will establish three bridges next time and attack the wings of the fortress, as well. Summon the leader of the engineering corps… the design worked, but we must study how the bridge at the Lesser Crossing was brought down to further improve it…"

Bowing silently, Cassie turned around and left the platform.

***

On the other side of the chasm, Seishan was looking at the distant mass of the Sword Army from the tallest bastion of the great fortress. Her flawless grey skin was marred by stains of soot from the falling flakes of ash, and her scarlet lips were twisted slightly into a grim smile.

Soon enough, Beastmaster joined her.

"According to the initial report, our casualties are mild — unlike the Sword Army. They made it further than expected, but that just ended up costing them more men. Of course, the King of Valor was not serious this time… still, it's a good indicator."

Seishan nodded slowly.

"They'll probably launch several bridges at the same time, next time. They'll send the Knights of Valor into the battle, too… possibly assemble a squadron of elites trained at riding winged Echoes. I hope your herd of flying thralls is ready."

Beastmaster nodded.

"Of course."

Seishan lingered for a few moments, then sighed.

"They won't launch another assault before Sky Tide and Changing Star arrive, though. Those thralls will be necessary to repel the attack from the Ivory Island… our forces will be spread thin. It might get difficult."

The beautiful enchantress looked at the horizon, as if expecting to see the graceful silhouette of the Ivory Tower appearing over the horizon.

Then, she shook her head.

"That is only the lesser problem, isn't it? The main problem is Changing Star herself. Before, both our mother and the King of Valor held us Saints back out of fear that we would kill each other off. But now, everyone knows that a battle between Saints would become a one-sided slaughter due to that girl, Nephis, and her Shadow. So, Anvil can simply set her loose."

Seishan shrugged.

"He can, and she would probably be able to demolish this entire fortress by herself. The Lord of Shadows, meanwhile, is more than capable of taking the Lesser Stronghold from Howl, Hel, and Silence. But then nothing would stop us from eviscerating their entire Awakened army while those two are busy. So, he won't."

Beastmaster studied her for a few moments, then mumbled under her breath:

"Demolish this entire fortress by herself… aren't you giving her too much credit? I spent a lot of effort building this stronghold, you know."

Seishan looked at her without any amusement.

"You were there when Mordret told mother about what he had experienced in the Third Nightmare, were you not? Nephis obliterated an entire city there, not to mention incinerating half of another. And she was merely a Master back then… so, don't underestimate her Aspect."

Beastmaster made an unhappy face and looked away.

"Fine. What do we do, then?"

After lingering for a while, Seishan shrugged.

"Treat the wounded, equip mother's puppets with weapons and armor, and prepare for the next assault as best we can. We'll see what happens then."

Soon, they left the tall bastion.

The first siege of the Greater Stronghold was over.

But not at all the last…




***
Chapter 2076: Fragments of War (13)


***






Just as Seishan had predicted, the second assault on the Greater Crossing Stronghold only happened after the Ivory Island arrived on the battlefield.

It was a sight both daunting and awesome. The flying island moved slowly across the chasm, effortlessly enduring a barrage of destructive attacks. A billowing cloud of smoke obscured it for a few moments like a fluttering mantle, but then, the graceful silhouette of the Ivory Tower revealed itself from the smoke once again.

Pristine and unblemished.

At the same moment, the elites of the Sword Army stationed on the island unleashed their own arrows, raining death and destruction down upon the defenders of the fortress.

The island moved slowly across the chasm, high in the sky, suppressing the Song soldiers. Using the opportunity, three sets of powerful cables were shot across the darkness, embedding themselves into the ancient bone on the other side.

Thousands of soldiers rushed forward, in a hurry to build up the bridges. Enormous shields were carried in front of them, protecting the engineers from the onslaught of ranged attacks. Slowly but surely, the three bridges started to take shape.

Soon, the defenders of the Greater Crossing had to fight on four fronts. Both the left and the right wing of the impregnable fortress, as well as its main keep, were being assaulted by the soldiers of the Sword Domain, while the Ivory Island loomed above.

This time, the most seasoned veterans of the Sword Army, including the Knights of Valor, were leading the assault.

As the Ivory Island neared the middle of the dark chasm, threatening to break through the defenses of Song, a vast swarm of appalling Nightmare Creatures rose from behind the fortress, aiming to deliver a subjugation force and conquer the flying Citadel — in response, Knights mounted on winged Echoes rushed to intercept them.

The thralls of Beastmaster clashed in the air with the warriors riding the Echoes, and a fierce battle unfolded above the terrible bloodshed happening below. 

All hell broke loose, threatening to pass into the annals of history as one of the most dire and perilous battles of the dark era of the Nightmare Spell.

…Far away, in the west, things weren't going much better at the Lesser Crossing.

The First Rib, while still vast and humbling in scale, had a much narrower point of connection to the breastbone of the titanic skeleton. Therefore, the stronghold there was smaller, and the soldiers guarding it were fewer in number. Nevertheless, the bloodshed there was just as terrible.

There was no flying island there to lead the assault, so the soldiers of the Sword Army could only rely on the engineered bridges. No one was suppressing the defenders of the stronghold by raining death upon them from the sky, either, so the casualties of the attacking side were much more severe.

Sunny observed the battle with a grim expression, feeling a suffocating fury rattle his mind at the sight of so many people dying senselessly. But there was nothing he could do to stop the shameful atrocity happening right in front of his eyes… no, that was not true.

There was plenty Sunny could do.

He could manifest a bridge of shadows wide enough to carry thousands of additional soldiers across. He could send his Shadows to break the walls of the fortress. He could command the army to retreat and refuse to accept the orders of the King.

But then what?

Using his powers would give the Saints of Song to unleash their, in turn. Sure, Sunny could probably give them all a good fight… but how many soldiers would become collateral damage in the clash of Transcendent powerhouses?

Rebelling against the King of Swords prematurely, meanwhile, would just cost Sunny his life and make deposing the Sovereigns that much harder, if not entirely impossible.

So, all he could do was grind his teeth, bide his time, and endure the poisonous feeling of anger.

'How much longer?'

He knew that the King of Swords was observing the Lesser Crossing closely. Cassie was not the only one, by far, providing him with information. Therefore, Sunny could not end the battle until it truly looked like the forces of the Sword Domain had no chance of winning.

And the soldiers… as dispirited and disillusioned as they were, the soldiers still fought valiantly. They strived to achieve victory with all their hearts, not the least of all because victory seemed like the only salvation to them.

'Damnation.'

Hiding his face behind Weaver's Mask, Sunny observed the battle silently.

Eventually, the bloodshed had become too dreadful, and the momentum of the assault broke.

He had his excuse.

"Reatret!"

Somewhere far away, the assault on the Greater Stronghold was ending in a deadly stalemate, as well. The gates of the fortress had withstood the blows of a specially enchanted siege ram, and neither of the three attacking forces managed to create a stable bridgehead on the battlements.

The Ivory Island was forced to retreat, as well, swarmed by the thralls of Beastmaster and under threat of being taken by the warriors of Song.

It was another defeat.

'Damn it, damn it, damn it!'

Full of resentment, Sunny looked away from the gruesome scene of the battle and walked off.

Soon enough, the battle was over, and he hid himself in his tent.

He knew that Anvil would not be satisfied with just two failed assaults… especially because the second had been much more deadly for the Song Army then the first.

There would be a third assault, and the fourth, and the fifth…

Until one of the sides broke.

…It was when Sunny was going over the battle in his mind and coming up with ideas on how to minimize the casualties next time that someone approached his tent.

There was a polite knock, and a man wearing a vermilion cloak of the royal clan entered it slowly.

Sunny stared at him coldly from behind his mask.

"What?"

The man bowed, and the spoke in a reverent tone:

"Lord Shadow, sir. The King has sent you a special order…":




***
Chapter 2077: Fragments of War (14)


***






The Sword Army had crashed against the Two Crossings like a tidal wave.

And just like a wave, it had receded over and over again, unable to break through the impregnable barrier. Even the arrival of the Ivory Island did not manage to breach the defenses of the entrenched Song Army — at least not yet. The death toll among the defenders increased sharply, and each assault now cost them more.

But the losses among the attackers were no less dire.

The siege had become a stalemate. Countless soldiers on both sides were dying, and the casualties were mounting. And yet, neither side could crush the enemy... the situation simply continued to escalate endlessly, making it feel as if a breaking point would arrive soon.

Those soldiers who were lucky enough to survive were being forged into truly dauntless warriors. The war was like a crucible that produced the toughest of alloys, but rigid steel could be easily broken.

Everyone had a limit, and many people were approaching theirs.

Rain did not know what was happening in the camp of the Sword Army, but here in the Greater Stronghold, the mood of the soldiers was hitting rock bottom. Even though they were suffering less than the poor wretches who had to assault the walls of the fortress under a rain of arrows, they still suffered terribly. People were dying, and people were receiving terrible wounds.

There were not enough Awakened healers to tend to everyone, so many of the wounded could only receive mundane treatment. The field hospital of the Song Army was struggling to contend with the influx of patients, its overcrowded halls permeated by the stench of blood and despair.

Rain knew because she volunteered as a nurse at the hospital when she had free time. It wasn't just out of the goodness of her heart, but also because she felt bitterly useless. She was not a very good soldier anymore, after all, considering her inability to deal fatal wounds to enemies… even if those enemies were in the process of brutally killing her comrades.

So, Rain wanted to be of use to her fellow soldiers in some other way. There were a lot of things to do in an army as large as the Song Army was for it to function properly, many of them having nothing to do with combat. She was not ready to ask Tamar for an official transfer — which her friend would without a doubt arrange if need be — because she wasn't quite ready to abandon her cohort. But sparing a few hours doing menial jobs here and there was fine.

The field hospital was like a pit of resignation and despair.

...It wasn't much better in other parts of the fortress, either.

Morale was low, and soldiers were exhausted — both mentally and physically. To their desperation, there did not seem to be an end to the dreadful siege anywhere in sight. It just continued day after day, while the enemy was learning from each failed assault and employing increasingly effective strategies the next time.

Of course, the soldiers of the Song Army were learning, too. They had gotten much better at damaging the makeshift bridges, preventing the soldiers of the Sword Army from raising siege ladders, defending themselves against the shock troopers who dropped onto the battlefield from the Ivory Island, and so much more.

Each lesson was paid for in blood.

The remains of Tamar's centuria had been merged with another company and assigned a wooden barrack. The soldiers rested there between the battles, which happened once every few days — the last one had been especially terrible, so everyone was slow to recover their vitality.

As if they could recover it at all.

Rain entered the barrack and looked around, studying her fellow soldiers.

Some were huddled together in the corner, playing cards. The game was supposed to be boisterous and energetic, but looked mechanical and joyless instead.

Some were tending to their equipment or bandaging minor scrapes. Their gazes were bleak and distant.

Most were simply laying on their cots, though, unable to fall asleep, but also too drained to do anything else. They just stared at the ceiling with hollow eyes, indifferent to what was happening around them.

At least their barrack was better off than most. Tamar had a cooling Memory in her arsenal, so it was not as hot as it would have been otherwise… Rain should have been able to enjoy the reprieve from the sweltering heat, but she found herself indifferent to such minor comforts these days..

Walking over to her bunk, she dismissed the leather elements of the Puppeteer's Shroud and fell on it heavily. Luckily, her bunk was the lower one — well, of course it was. After all, Rain could not walk on air like Tamar.

Fleur, who had been recovering from essence exhaustion, glanced at her from the next bunk in the row. The delicate girl remained silent for a while, then sighed.

"Rani… were you at the baths?"

Rain nodded.

"Yeah. I heard that the attacks on the supply convoys had stopped, so they're not rationing water as strictly now. It's a nice change of pace."

A fragile smile appeared on Fleur's face.

"You're so calm."

Rain looked at her in confusion.

"Me, calm? Goodness. You must have confused me for someone else."

Fleur shook her head weakly.

"No… I can't even muster enough motivation to get up. The rest are pretty much the same. But you just go about your routine like usual."

Rain hesitated for a bit, then shrugged.

"It's just a habit, I guess. Back in Ravenheart, I used to reward myself with a good soak in the baths after a hunt — they have proper facilities back home, of course, not just makeshift showers. But still. It feels nice to do the same after a battle."

Fleur smiled a little wider, then looked away.

After a while, she asked:

"Do you think we'll get to return? Home?"

Rain sprawled on her bunk and sighed.

"Sure. When the war is over."

Hearing that, a soldier laying a few meters away turned his head, stared at her, and then scoffed.

"Fool… we will all be dead by the time this damn war is over."

She stared at him coldly, not at all happy that her attempt to cheer Fleur up had been thwarted.

But also not really knowing how to retort.

'That idiot…'

There was some merit to his words.

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"What are you…"

But the soldier interrupted her mid-sentence.

"What is even the point of the war? It doesn't make sense. That bastard, the King of Swords, claimed that it was on behalf of Changing Star, who had almost died at the hands of Song assassins. But Lady Nephis herself was against the war, to begin with! She still is. It's just the royals who are thirsty for blood."

Another soldier glared at him darkly.

"What the hell are you even saying? There is no way that those assassins were from the Song Domain. It was just an excuse Clan Valor used to start the war. So what was the Queen supposed to do? Roll over and allow those bastards to plunder our land? It's not like she wanted this to happen!"

The first soldier remained silent for a few moments, then scoffed.

"I don't know whether she wanted the war to happen or not. All I know is that the Sovereigns started it, and yet it is us puny mortals who are dying in it. If they want to fight so badly, why don't they fight among themselves? What's the point of bleeding us dry instead?"

Turning his head, he stared at Rain.

"What do you think, Rani? Does any of this make any sense?"

She lingered for a bit, then sighed.

"Is that how the rest of you feel, as well?"

A few soldiers grumbled. The rest did not respond, simply looking at her with dark, tired expressions.

Rain shook her head.

"What I think… is that you should keep your mouths shut. This is a royal legion. It's alright if Tamar hears you, but if one of the Blood Sisters happens to be nearby when you spout such things, there's gonna be trouble."

Morale was that bad in one of the seven royal legions. She didn't even want to imagine how other brigades were faring.

Looking at the ceiling, Rain sighed heavily.

'...What will become of the Song Domain?'

It was hard to remain hopeful.

Or sympathetic, really... many people just wanted for the war to be over, secretly losing interest in which side won, or even if there was a winner at all. But the war showed no sign of slowing down.

It only ever seemed to accelerate.

Were they really going to all die here?

The belligerent soldier cursed with dark resentment.

"What, I can't even talk now? Great. That's great! They expect us to just die silently, I guess... how are we different from the pilgrims, then?"

That was a good question.

Were they any different, really?

Letting out a dispirited sneer, the soldier turned away and covered himself with a blanket. Rain stared at his vague silhouette with pity.

'That fool. He's going to cook alive under that blanket.'

Tamar's cooling Memory was great, but it wasn't that great.

The rest of the soldiers listened to her advice and dropped the topic.

She could see it in their eyes, though…

Dejection.

They were brave people, and they were ready to die in order to protect their home.

But there was a difference between dying for a good cause and dying senselessly.

And this war…

Was making less and less sense with each day.




***
Chapter 2078: Fragments of War (15)


***






Standing in the rubble, Kai took a deep breath, then exhaled slowly.

A powerful gust of wind rose from that one breath, sending a cloud of dust billowing into the air.

When he looked up, the usual soft placidity of his welcoming green eyes was replaced by a cold, sharp gleam.

The night suddenly seemed darker, the winds singing a haunting song as they blew across the ruins.

"Are you ready?"

He looked at Morgan and Valor and nodded curtly.

A pale smile appeared on her scarlet lips.

"No time to waste, then."

Kai looked away. His gaze pierced the piles of stone rubble, the vast expanse of the empty lake, and the palisade of scorched trees standing on its distant shore. No obstacle could obscure his sight, and no distance was too great…

Well, in theory.

In truth, Kai could not see too far despite having the ability to discern the individual grains of sand on a beach many kilometers away. That was for a simple reason… the curvature of the world. The world was not flat, so in normal circumstances, its curve obscured things at around five kilometers away.

At least that was how things worked on Earth. Here in the Dream Realm, though, the horizon was not quite as predictable. What else could one expect from a world where the sky was a patchwork of different heavens? Sometimes, the horizon was five kilometers away. In other places, it was much further or noticeably closer. In some places, there was no curve to the world at all.

Those places were few and far between, though, so there was still a limit to how far Kai could usually see.

He could try to pierce the very depths of earth with his gaze, of course, thus ignoring the horizon. But his Awakened Ability was not omnipotent. Doing something like that was not impossible, but would cost too much essence.

Especially when there was a much simpler way to see beyond the horizon — so simple, in fact, that it was accessible to all people… but especially so to Kai.

It was looking at the horizon from elevation.

The higher one was, the less important the curvature of the world became. Similarly, the taller the target was, the easier it was to see from a distance. It was such an obvious truth, but one that found new meaning in the battles of Transcendent beings.

Which was why what Kai was about to do was dangerous.

After a month of furious battles, there were not a lot of elevated points left in the ancient ruins. Everything had been toppled and obliterated, turning into piles of rubble… but Kai did not need to climb a high tower.

Instead, he simply soared into the air, ascending naturally into the night sky.

Higher, and higher, and higher still…

Until the whole world was in front of him like a moonlit canvas.

For a few moments, his graceful silhouette was outlined against the radiant fragments of the shattered moon.

Then, Kai took a deep breath and raised his bow.

That bow of his was a Transcendent Memory of the Fifth Tier, which he had earned for slaying the Corrupted Tyrant, Malignant Grave Root, in Antarctica. It was a sublime and deadly weapon, more than powerful enough to accomplish his goals.

What mattered just as much were the arrows he would use. Kai had plenty of Transcendent arrows, each suited for a different task… most were meant to deliver untold death and destruction, of course.

He even possessed one that was Supreme. However, now was not the right time to use it yet.

Hovering high above the ruins of true Bastion, bathed in moonlight and embraced by the winds, Kai turned his gaze to the dark expanse of the ancient forest. There, dozens of kilometers away, the enemy was moving under the cover of twisted branches. A vast swath of the forest was veiled by a thick shroud of flowing mist that Mordret had summoned to obscure his movements…

But he could not hide from Kai, especially now that Morgan had pointed him in the right direction.

'There.'

The princess told them that the final assault would begin with a wave of Nightmare Creatures — these ones much more powerful than those Mordret had used as vessels before, and whom he had been collecting slowly and in secret throughout the month of dreadful battles.

Kai had to make sure that the Nightmare Creatures were destroyed, or at least severely weakened, by the time they reached the ruins of the ancient castle.

Nocking an arrow on the string of his enchanted bow, Kai strained his muscles and drew it to his ear. With his auburn hair dancing wildly in the wind and his green eyes shining in the pale moonlight, he looked upon the dark expanse of the abominable forest coldly.

Then, he spoke:

"Strike true."

His words were a command that brimmed with mystical authority… one aimed at himself, but also at the world itself.

Feeling a sudden surge of dire power, Kai released the string.

There was a deafening thunderclap when he did.

The arrow surged forward with astonishing speed, tearing up the dark sky. It flew further and further away, easily crossing the empty lake and streaking above the ancient forest.

Until, finally…

Dozens of kilometers away, it silently and unerringly pierced the eye of a swiftly moving Nightmare Creature.

A moment later, a tremendous explosion shook the very foundations of the world.

An enormous conflagration spread from the point of impact in a straight line, swallowing several square kilometers of the abominable forest. Countless trees were incinerated, and even more were shattered and toppled by a devastating shockwave. A towering plume of raging flame rose high into the sky, and then subsided, spreading in every direction.

The darkness of the night was torn apart by the fierce glow of that hungry fire.

…Dozens of kilometers away, in the silent sky above the ruined castle, Kai observed the devastation calmly.

He had already found several other vessels of the Prince of Nothing, and a second arrow was already manifesting in his hand.

Of course, Mordret had to have noticed him too.

After all, this high above ground, Kai was not hidden from sight by the horizon.

In fact, he was easily noticeable and utterly in the open — a perfect target.

And he was not the only one who could send a projectile flying across the vastness of the empty lake.

'I wonder... how many times I died this way.'

He felt like it would be a shame, to die during the first wave of the attack. These Nightmare Creatures were merely an appetizer, after all… the main course was yet to show itself. According to Morgan, today, Mordret would use both these scavenged vessels and the bodies of the Saints of Night in turns.

Actually, Kai wasn't that keen on dying in the second wave, either. He would very much prefer to survive. There were too many things to enjoy in life, and there were also things that he still needed to do.

Life was precious.

Nevertheless, he did not dive to the ground in order to seek cover.

Instead, he simply nocked the second arrow on the string, and drew his bow again.

His voice resounded from the dark sky like a beautiful, dreadful melody.

"...Destroy."

The final battle for Bastion — the latest one in the long procession of prior final battles — had commenced once more.




***
Chapter 2079: Fragments of War (16)


***






Morgan observed the battle with an impassive expression. Her gaze was cold, and her heart remained calm, untouched by the awe and terror of the calamitous confrontation. It was not as if she had not seen this battle transpire before… everything that was happening had already happened, and even if there were minor divergences along the way, the ending was always the same.

A crushing defeat.

It was funny…

Battles as great and destructive as this one had been unheard of in the past, but now, the dreadful sight of it all was so familiar as to almost seem boring.

Similarly, Morgan had rarely tasted defeat before. But now, its flavor never seemed to leave her.

It was all a grand game, of course. Morgan lost to Mordret every day, but in doing so, she was reaching her goals while denying his ambition. So, victory was a question of perspective.

The war in Godgrave had been raging for many months now, but Bastion was still held firmly by the Great Clan Valor.

Who was being defeated? Who was winning?

Perhaps Morgan and her brother were in a stalemate.

…She was tired, though. Her companions started these identical days anew, but Morgan remembered each and every one. For her, these past months had been one dire, devastating, never-ending battle. One that seemed hopeless, at that. Its outcome was unclear, and after a while, even its cause was starting to seem vague.

It was highly likely that not even people on the frontlines of Godgrave had experienced such intense warfare. There was a pace and cadence to a war, after all. Terrible battles were followed by long periods of relative peace while the battered armies regrouped and prepared for the next clash. But here in true Bastion, there was no lull to the violence. It was constant and incessant.

The most furious battlefield of the Great Domain War was hidden out of sight and shrouded in mystery, with only two people experiencing its terror.

No wonder Morgan was tired.

She wondered if her brother was tired, too…

If he was, he did not show it.

Today's battle was nearing a conclusion. The Nightmare Creatures had long been eliminated, and so were many of his Transvendent vessels.

Saint Aether was dead. Naeve and Bloodwave were either dead or dying, too. Raised by Wolves was almost done tearing Typhaon apart, rivers of blood flowing from harrowing wounds on her flawless body. The gargantuan corpse of Knossos lay on the ruins of the drowned city, and somewhere beneath it, Nightingale was struggling to free his draconic body from under the rubble.

Soul Reaper was desperately trying to preserve her soul essence while fighting the few remaining Night Saints.

The ruins of the castle were in a sorry state, the very mountains on which they stood practically split apart by a titanic blow.

'He'll snow himself soon.'

And just as Morgan expected, her brother finally revealed his original body, landing easily on a fragment of a crumbled wall a dozen meters away from her.

Sparing Morgan a pleasant smile, he bowed politely.

"Ah, dear sister. How wonderful it is to see you again."

She just studied him somberly.

No… no, that bastard was not tired at all. If anything, he seemed to be having the time of his life.

Instead of answering, Morgan simply raised her sword.

Mordret chuckled.

"I am not going to lie, this is quite a predicament. I often dreamed about killing the members of my despicable family slowly, but this… this has been a bit too slow even for my taste."

He raised his own sword and glanced at its sharp blade with a faint smile.

"Not that carving you up day after day has not been enjoyable, dear sister."

Morgan smiled darkly.

"...Same here."

Mordret laughed.

"Still, aren't you a bit ashamed of yourself? It would have been all over for you a long time ago if not for the fact that Soul Reaper Jet happened to possess that neat Memory of hers, after all. Sheer luck does not exactly constitute merit, does it?"

Morgan shrugged indifferently.

"The Memory is simply a convenient opportunity. Knowing how to grasp an opportunity is a merit, too. Knowing how to create opportunities is another… you talk as if it wasn't me who recruited Soul Reaper, to begin with. In any case, I would have found another way if there was no Memory."

She had indeed harbored a few plans before Soul Reaper Jet revealed the hourglass Memory, albeit none would have been quite as effective.

Mordret looked at her with a smile.

"So, what then? Are we going to continue this charade indefinitely, dear sister? Ah… I would really hate for something as wonderful as watching you bleed to grow old."

Morgan smiled darkly.

"You are always welcome to enter my soul and challenge me to a duel there. That is the only way you will be able to kill me before I can activate the enchantment."

The best plan was to stall her brother long enough for the war to resolve itself. The second-best plan was to force him into challenging her to a soul duel.

No matter which option he chose, she won. Every outcome seemed to be in her favor.

…Why was it, then, that Morgan felt uneasy? Mordret had to be weaving some kind of scheme. Was there something she was missing?

He shook his head nonchalantly.

"I'd rather not. I have plenty of time to waste here, anyway."

Morgan's dark smile dimmed, and she looked at him coldly.

Then, she said:

"That's just it, though. I don't think you do."

Mordret raised an eyebrow.

"Oh? Are you hoping that our father can kill Ki Song swiftly? I am not convinced. So, I am willing to risk it."

She tilted her head a little and studied him for a few moments.

Then, another smile illuminated her pale face — this one faint, but sincere.

"But what if Ki Song kills our father swiftly? While you are stuck here, unable to do it yourself?"

For the first time in a while, her brother's mask of benevolent decorum cracked briefly, revealing the hideous face of hateful madness beneath.

His grin evaporated, replaced by inhuman coldness.

Mordret took a step forward and raised his sword.

"You should not say such terrible things, sister. Your sound unfilial."

Morgan grinned.

"Go die, bastard."

With that, she lunged forward.

They clashed again, like they did every day. The fury of their confrontation shook the broken mountain.

In a weird way, it was almost enjoyable. Morgan did not often receive an opportunity to cross swords with someone who was close to her in skill. But for these past few months, she could express her sword freely and without restraint. She remembered being thrilled for the first few times… each instance was a battle where her very survival was at stake, as well.

And her brother, loathsome as he might have been, was still a descendant of War. His skill was fearsome, so it would have been hard to gain so much precious experience anywhere else.

It was just that she had to experience harrowing pain, watch her body be mutilated, and taste the bitterness of defeat every time.

Just like this time.

It was so... burdensome.

Soon enough, Morgan was broken and bleeding. Her sword had collapsed into a whirlwind of scarlet sparks, and her gaze started to blur.

She was hurt quite terribly.

Drowning in her own blood, Morgan reached within and activated the enchantment of the mystical hourglass once again.

Her bloodied lips twisted into a smile.

"See you… next time."

Mordret, who was in a slightly better shape, was looking at the deep cracks leading to the depths of the shattered mountains with a thoughtful expression.

His eyes glistened strangely.

"Yes… see you next time, sister."

The world seemed to dissolve into nothingness.

A few moments later, Morgan found herself tending to a pot of fragrant stew.

She closed her eyes tiredly.

'Damn it all.'




***
Chapter 2080: Fragments of War (17)


***






Just like the children of the King of Swords were locked in a bloody stalemate, so were the two great armies.

Both the Greater and the Lesser Strongholds were refusing to fall. Despite the terrible battles that raged above the dark chasms, the Song Army stubbornly held out.

Ash and blood covered the pristine surface of the sun-bleached bone. The toll of human lives was appalling, and worst of all, the deaths of countless soldiers felt senseless — neither side had managed to gain a decisive advantage, after all, and it did not seem like that would change any time soon.

Something had to break the dreadful stalemate. The ashen-faced soldiers felt a strange tension permeate the air, as if a sudden change was coming… or maybe it was just what they hoped for.

Most people believed that the two great armies would unleash their Saints soon, changing the very nature of the siege and heralding in the final act of the harrowing war.

Sunny expected that kind of escalation, too. After all, the King of Swords, callous as he was, was also not a madman who enjoyed wasting the lives of his soldiers — each of the failed assaults on the Two Crossings had been an earnest attempt to conquer them, but now that these attempts were proving to be futile, he would have to employ a different strategy.

That was why Sunny was not surprised to receive a special order. The order was summoning him to have an audience with the King — the other Saints would probably be receiving the same summons, as well. He believed that they would be sent into the fray as a result.

If there was one strange thing about the summons, it was the location. Surprisingly, Sunny was not being called to the camp of the northern contingent of the Sword Army, where the King of Swords was supposed to be residing at the moment. It was not even the Ivory Island, which hovered above that camp.

Instead, he was being summoned to Vanishing Lake — the Citadel in the Hollows that Sunny and Nephis had conquered.

Leaving the camp of the eastern contingent of the Sword Army, Sunny traveled swiftly across the Breastbone Reach. The dire and untamed land he had once settled as the Lord of Shadows was now completely transformed.

The abominable jungle still sprawled in the hollows, but here on the surface, the scarlet infestation was no more. There was no endless sea of monstrous trees in sight, no impenetrable tangle of the vermilion vines, no red moss covering the white bone. There were no Nightmare Creatures prowling to devour prey, and no swarms of malignant vermin buzzing in the air.

Instead, the vast reaches of Godgrave was clear and pristine, with human outposts dotted here and there around the fissures in the ancient bone. There were established routes, soldiers patrolling the bone plain, and supply caravans moving across its expanse to deliver supplies.

There were even specially constructed wooden shelters raised along the routes to help the travelers wait out potential cloudbreaks in safety.

…It almost seemed like civilization.

Gliding across the vast expanse of pristine bone as a swift shadow, Sunny felt a strange sense of alienation from its unrecognizable expanse. It was a little eerie to see how drastically Godgrave had been changed by the passage of time, but also a little encouraging.

Most of all, it was full of irony. After all, this progress had only been made possible by the demands of war.

Perhaps it was no wonder that out of all the Divine Realms, the waking world seemed to have walked the path of progress the furthest.

No matter how Sunny felt about the changes that had happened to Godgrave, though, he was welcomed by a familiar sight after reaching the secondary camp of the Sword Army near the great fissure and descending into the Hollows.

There, the chilling horrors of Godgrave remained unchanged.

…Mostly.

Even the ancient, abominable jungle of the Hollows had been tamed a little — enough, at least, to establish a relatively safe pathway from the fissure to Vanishing Lake. The lake itself had been secured by the forces of the Sword Domain, as well, establishing a safe area around the Citadel.

That was only possible because the King himself had taken action, of course.

Sunny reached the charred ruins of the ancient temple without wasting any time. There, one of the Knights stationed at the Citadel guided him to a spacious underground chamber where a few other Saints were already gathered, standing around a large table with a detailed map of Godgrave.

Their faces were familiar.

Cassie was there, as well as old Saint Jest of the Dagonet clan. There was also Saint Helie, Roan of White Feather, and Rivalen of Aegis Rose… the same people who had conquered the Citadel a few months ago.

However, it was much more curious to see who wasn't there — which included the rest of the Sword Saints, and most glaringly Nephis herself.

Sunny, of course, was aware that she had not been summoned to Vanishing Lake already. After all, he was with her on the Ivory Island at that very moment.

Glancing at Cassie from behind his mask, Sunny nodded at the gathered Saints and ignored their greetings, finding a dark corner to lean on the wall nonchalantly.

[What is going on?]

Cassie, in turn, showed no outward sign of receiving his mental message.

[I am not sure. However… I think the King has some questions for you.]

After hesitating for a few moments, Sunny discreetly switched Weaver's Mask to [Definitely Not Me]. He had a feeling that only being able to lie would not work for him today.

Just as he did, the doors opened, and the familiar cold pressure descended upon them. Anvil walked into the room, his vermilion cloak fluttering behind him like a stream of blood, and approached the table with measured steps.

His heavy suit of black armor was crafted so finely that it made no noise at all.

Glancing at the map, the King of Swords turned to the dark corner where Sunny was skulking and said in an indifferent tone:

"Lord Shadow. I summoned you here because you possess the most knowledge about the Hollows among us. Take a glance at the map."

With a sigh, Sunny separated from the wall and approached the table.

The map on the table depicted Godgrave. It was quite a splendid feat of cartography, in fact, considering that it showed both the surface of the titanic skeleton and the complicated terrain of the Hollows — those parts of them that had been explored by the Sword Army, at least.

Vanishing Lake was situated in the central part of the great hollow beneath the Breastbone Reach, closer to its eastern side.

Anvil pointed to it, then moved his finger north-west.

"I want you to draw the optimal path to the Western First Rib."




***
Chapter 2081: Fragments of War (18)


***






Sunny hesitated for a few moments.

Western First Rib… was a place that held great significance to the war, at the moment.

That was, of course, because it was where the lesser of the Two Crossings was located.

There were two paths to the West Collarbone Plain — the last bastion of the Song Army in Godgrave — from the Breastbone Reach, which was now controlled entirely by the King of Swords.

The one in the north connected the titanic breastbone directly to the right collarbone of the dead deity, and was called the Greater Stronghold. However, there was a second path further south, via the right first rib. That was where the Lesser Stronghold was located, and where Sunny had spent the last few weeks.

He studied the King of Swords for a few moments.

Why would Anvil want to go there through the Hollows? It seemed like a futile endeavor. Unless…

Sunny spoke evenly:

"The optimal path depends on who is meant to walk it."

His impassive voice resounded in the underground chamber like a sinister promise.

Anvil answered him calmly:

"Saints first. Then, after a safe pathway is cleared, Awakened soldiers. Large numbers of them."

That… could only mean one thing.

'...Crazy.'

Sunny suppressed the desire to shake his head in bewilderment.

He had expected that the King of Swords would send his Saints into battle to prevent the senseless loss of life among the Awakened soldiers — the Saints of the Sword Army had already proven their superiority, after all. And although each of them was more valuable to the power of the Sovereign than countless warriors of lesser Ranks, continuing the siege seemed pointless otherwise.

However, Anvil had a different plan.

He seemed to want to march the Awakened soldiers across the Hollows, cross from the breastbone of the dead deity to the titanic first rib beneath the surface, and bypass the Lesses Stronghold entirely — perhaps to attack it from the rear, perhaps to invade West Collarbone Plain directly.

It was a daring maneuver, and one that could work… if not for the fact that marching Awakened warriors through the Hollows was similar to giving them a death sentence. The Hollows were just too dangerous for anyone weaker than a Saint to survive.

No, even Saints could easily die here.

On the other hand… it was not entirely impossible. After all, Seishan had led her entire expedition force below the surface to conquer the Collarbone Citadel. However, she had done it out of necessity, having been left with no other choice. Even then, too many of Rain's comrades had perished during the relatively short march to the Citadel.

The great Hollow beneath the Breastbone Reach was much more vast, and much more dangerous as well. Worse than that, the distance between Vanishing Lake and the potential crossing to the First Rib was many times greater than what Seishan and her soldiers had traversed.

However…

Anvil had not asked Sunny to list all the reasons why this idea was crazy. He had simply asked him to point out the best possible route.

Crazy plans worked, sometimes. Sunny, of all people, had no right to say otherwise.

It was just that he had to, this time.

He sighed, then shook his head.

"It won't work."

The King of Swords simply considered him in silence.

Eventually, it was Jest who spoke, chuckling quietly.

"Goodness gracious, is the indomitable Lord of Shadows actually wary of something?"

Sunny stared at him from behind his mask for a few moments, then spoke impassively:

"I am. We can cleave through the jungle, slaughter the ancient horrors populating it, and even eradicate the Great Nightmare Creatures that haunt this land. However, the problem lies here."

He pointed to a particular point on the map — one that did not lay directly in the path leading to the Western First Rib, but was somewhat close to it.

"Here, the jungle hides the ruins of a sprawling city. I've been to these ruins once, and had to escape. They are guarded by a swarm of especially lethal Great abominations — not just solitary predators, but a small army of them."

His words caused a heavy silence to settle in the chamber. Over the months of fighting in Godgrave, the Saints of both armies had somewhat grown used to the idea of facing Great Nightmare Creatures in battle. Rare as encounters with such terrifying beings had been in the past, they were not something that Transcendent warriors of humanity could not win.

But fighting a group of Great Nightmare Creatures, let alone a large one, still seemed like outright suicide.

Sunny took a deep breath.

"Much worse than that, they are able to exist as a group because these Great abominations are not independent beings. Instead, they serve a Cursed Tyrant… whose name is Condemnation. Condemnation dwells in the ruins, and its sphere of influence overlaps with any viable route to the First Rib."

The already heavy silence had turned grave.

Until it was broken by Saint Jest, who chuckled once again. Only, this time, his chuckle seemed a little nervous.

"Condemnation, is it? Why, there's definitely a dirty joke somewhere here. Well, maybe joke is too strong of a word… but a dirty pun, definitely!"

He opened his mouth to share said pun, but grew quiet after Anvil glanced at him without any amusement.

The old man coughed.

"Or, you know, maybe there isn't. For once."

The King of Swords looked away from Jest and turned his heavy attention back to Sunny.

"There is no other route?"

Sunny slowly shook his head.

"There are ones that are much longer. They would take us into the hunting grounds of other Cursed Ones, though… perhaps not as terrifying as Condemnation, but the added length of the journey would make up for the difference."

Anvil looked at the map calmly.

"A Cursed Tyrant…"

He remained silent for a while, and then shrugged indifferently.

"Then we will kill Condemnation."

Sensing the shock his words caused to the gathered Saints, he looked at them calmly.

"I will lead the subjugation force myself. And cut this creature down myself, as well."




***
Chapter 2082: Fragments of War (19)


***






The Hollows felt different in the company of a Sovereign.

Before, Sunny had always felt like prey here. Despite the fact that his powers were enough to survive the perils of the ancient jungle, it had always been a losing fight — he could slay some predators and escape others, but only for so long. The Hollows themselves were like a hungry beast, and were bound to devour him sooner or later.

But now that he was following the King of Swords, things were different.

It was not even a matter of raw power, but more so a feeling. The chilling sensation of being alone and alien to the foreign, hostile, and malevolent land that intended to consume him was replaced by the sensation of belonging. Of being the predator instead of prey… of being the master of this dark place.

Or rather, of being a follower of its master.

Examining the subtle feeling with curiosity, Sunny smiled behind the mask.

He wondered if that was what being a minion of a Tyrant felt like.

The small group was traversing the Hollows swiftly. They had left Vanishing Lake the previous day and delved into the jungle without wasting any time.

The King of Swords was riding a fearsome stallion forged from black steel — an artificial Echo of unknown Rank and Class that he had probably forged himself. Considering how the Echo looked, Sunny could not help but imagine Nightmare tearing it apart with his adamantine fangs… after all, the world was too small for two tenebrous steeds.

Saint Rivalen had assumed his Transcendent form and was barreling through the jungle behind the Sovereign. The enormous rhino was surrounded by an invisible field of interlocked shields and carried two figures on his back — they were Jest and Cassie, one holding onto his cane, the other onto the hilt of the Quiet Dancer.

Roan had transformed into the giant white lion, running to the side of Rivalen. His wings were folded, but he was still maintaining astonishing speed. Saint Helie was galloping on the other side of the rhino, her hair dancing in the air.

Sunny, meanwhile, had turned into four shadows and hid himself inside Cassie's, allowing himself to be carried with her. Needless to say, out of everyone in the group, he was traveling with the most comfort.

It was both strange and amusing, to be so relaxed and comfortable in the Hollows.

The Hollows had not become any less deadly, after all. Now that the Sword Domain had spread across the Breastbone Reach, all of its surface belonged to Anvil — there, his authority was undisputed, and his power was at its peak.

That authority reached into the Hollows, as well. Apart from the hunting grounds of the Cursed Ones and of the Great Nightmare Creatures of higher Ranks, the vast expanse of the ancient jungle was now permeated by his will. However, that did not magically eliminate countless abominations dwelling under its canopy, and neither did it pacify the jungle itself.

Sunny did not have to concern himself with protecting the party, though.

As they moved swiftly through the jungle, the small group was surrounded by a quiet rustle. That was the sound of countless swords flowing like a river around them, all controlled by the will of their King. The sword scared many inhabitants of the jungle away and easily obliterated those Nightmare Creatures that were too fearless for their own good.

Sunny was using shadow sense to perceive the surroundings, so he could observe the quiet river of flying swords closely.

What he saw left him disturbed and uneasy.

He had known that Anvil was a being of daunting power, of course. The sight of countless swords blotting out the sky like a swirling cloud of sharp steel was still fresh in his mind. The sight of them raining down to annihilate a horde of Nightmare Creatures was, as well.

However, it was only now that he saw the true horror of the Sovereign's swords.

They could cut down powerful abominations in mere moments, true.

But they could also cut down things that no one was supposed to be able to cut.

For example…

As Sunny observed, a field of vermilion flowers swayed in an intangible wind, expelling a cloud of red pollen. That same eerie wind carried the pollen toward the approaching humans, but before it could reach it, a single sword flashed through the red haze, drawing a thin line in it.

In the next moment, the pollen fell to the ground like dust, the vibrant scarlet color fading into dull brown. It looked inert and withered… dead.

Obviously, it was impossible to cut down a cloud of pollen, so how had the King of Swords destroyed it with a single slash?

As Sunny observed many similar events happening around them, he came to a disturbing conclusion.

It was not that Anvil's sword had cut down a cloud. Instead, it seemed to have cut… the very concept of the red pollen, thus destroying its material manifestation.

Such power was a step above what Sunny was capable of, knew how to defend himself from, or could understand. It was a frightening display of potency that seemed more divine than mundane.

'...Troubling.'

Sunny wondered if Anvil was able to perform such feats because they were currently within his Domain, or if he could accomplish the same anywhere, anytime, simply by virtue of possessing Supreme power.

Someone else would have rejoiced to serve such a fearsome monarch, but since Sunny was actively planning to kill the king, he was not too happy to see how deadly his target was.

[Cassie… do you see what I see?]

She lingered with the response, then spoke in his mind neutrally:

[That's quite an unfortunate bit of wording, isn't it?]

Sunny shifted awkwardly within her shadow.

[Ah… r—right. Sorry.]

She chuckled quietly, then added in a somber tone:

[But yes. I do. It is a bit terrifying.]

Sunny listened to the quiet rustle of countless swords for a few moments more.

[Be sure to share the memory of this journey with Nephis when we return. She will find it useful.]

Sunny and Nephis had hoped that observing Great Nightmare Creatures in the Sovereigns do battle would give them clues about what it meant to be Supreme — and therefore how to attain Supremacy.

Without achieving that…

Right now, the gap between them and the Sovereigns seemed terribly vast.




***
Chapter 2083: Fragments of War (20)


***






Sunny would have loved to think that the senseless slaughter at the Two Crossings had been put on hold while Anvil was secretly realizing his daring plan to lead an army through the Hollows, but in fact, the opposite was true.

There had to be mayhem and carnage to cover up his absence and mask the signs of the dreadful battle with Condemnation, after all. So, the war entered a period of demented intensity while the King was absent from the frontline.

So, it was good that it did not take them long to reach the overgrown ruins of an ancient city where Sunny and Nephis had once rescued Tamar of Sorrow and her friend Fleur.

The King of Swords and his retinue of Saints were currently observing the ruins from a small distance. The Cursed Tyrant was hidden out of sight, but Sunny could feel its profane influence permeating the air.

He could practically see the Sword Domain clashing against the boundary of Condemnation's territory — only to recede like a wave, powerless to usurp the will of Condemnation.

Out there in the ruins, even the authority of a Sovereign would have to bow to a more tyrannical presence.

The man himself was standing just a few steps away from Sunny, observing the ruined city with an indifferent expression. That expression had not left his face ever since they entered the Hollows, making it seem as if nothing here was worthy of making his heart stir.

It was to the point that Sunny was starting to wonder if Anvil usually ate Cursed Tyrants for breakfast.

Actually, it was hard to imagine Anvil eating any kind of breakfast. Did Sovereigns even need to eat? Their souls were far beyond the concept of mundane, and their bodies were not quite mortal either. So, he was not sure.

He was also painfully aware that it was his first time being so close to the King of Swords while surrounded by so few people. The small size of the subjugation party made Anvil seem almost… approachable.

'Well, what the hell? You only live once.'

Sunny decided to just go ahead and ask.

He turned his mask toward the King of Swords and spoke in a cold tone:

"Have you slain a Cursed Tyrant before, Your Majesty?"

Anvil regarded the ruins for a few more moments, then slowly shook his head.

"I've slain a few Cursed Nightmare Creatures, but none of that Class."

Sunny stared.

'...Then why the hell are you so calm?'

They were about to attack the lair of a Cursed Tyrant. A Cursed Tyrant! Condemnation was not just some big abomination — it was a true deity. A deity that had succumbed to Corruption.

They were intending to slay a god.

The rest of the Saint shifted uncomfortably. Sunny gave them a glance.

They were… a strange group, considering the circumstances.

He understood that Anvil could not pull too many Saints from the frontline without making their absence too noticeable. However, the particular people he had taken with him were all a bit odd of a choice.

Sunny was the most obvious pick, since he had extensive knowledge of the Hollows and had already faced Condemnation once. However… he was also known to be unusually partial to Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan, who was currently in a strained relationship with the King.

There was Cassie, as well. She was a loyal follower of Nephis, too… not that it prevented her from being in very good standing among the Saints of Valor. But it was still strange to see her here, since the blind seer was not exactly known as a powerful combatant. Bringing her to a battle with a Cursed Tyrant did not make a lot of sense.

Saint Helie was with them, too… she was a warrior of great renown and well-liked in the Sword Domain, so it was not too strange to see her here. However, the King had just executed her uncle, Orum, not too long ago. Was he really relying on Helie as a champion, or keeping her close to observe her?

Then, there was Roan of White Feather. Unlike the other three Saints, there was nothing controversial about Roan… at first glance. But he was married to Saint Tyris, who was the cornerstone of the entire Sword Army here in Godgrave. Before that, their clan had not been looked upon with favor. One could almost imagine that Anvil was using Roan as a hostage to keep Sky Tide in check.

Saint Jest, meanwhile, was one of the most loyal subjects of the royal clan. Even now that the Citadel of the Dagonet clan had been destroyed, he was valued by the King greatly. However, his Aspect mostly dealt with emotions and thoughts. Considering that they would be fighting mindless automatons in the ruins, the old man would find it hard to contribute to the battle in a meaningful manner.

Finally, there was Rivalen of Aegis Rose…

Actually, Sunny could not think of anything odd about Saint Rivalen. That guy was a perfectly fitting choice. His loyalty was stellar, and his Aspect was uniquely useful in almost any situation.

But wasn't it strange, to be the only one who was not strange when everyone else was?

Perhaps Rivalen was the most suspicious!

Sunny shook his head.

'I think my nerves are getting to me.'

He pointed to the ruins.

"In any case, as I explained before, the Great Nightmare Creatures populating these ruins are called Asuras of Condemnation. They seem to be remnants of the human civilization that once thrived in Godgrave — powerful suits of enchanted armor parasitized by Corruption. So, don't try to behead them or damage the corpses trapped inside the golems. Go for the armor itself."

Sunny lingered for a few moments, and then added tensely:

"As for Condemnation, I only know that it's huge. I ran away immediately after it appeared, and even then just barely."

Anvil gave him a curt nod and headed toward the ruins calmly.

"Leave the Tyrant to me. Today, I will be the condemned."




***
Chapter 2084: Fragments of War (21)


***






Sunny had once again entered the ruins of the nameless city.

Last time, he had come here with Nephis, both of them on guard and wary of the ancient ruins.

This time, he was in a more illustrious — or maybe more deplorable — company. Led by a Sovereign, the Sword Saints strolled into the ruins with daring confidence. The source of that confidence was the King of Swords himself, whose bearing and expression remained calm and aloof despite the looming battle with a corrupted god. His brazen nonchalance was eerily infectious.

Of course, the Saints were still nervous.

Sunny was nervous, too.

Not only at the prospect of battling Great Nightmare Creatures and witnessing a clash between a Sovereign and a Cursed Tyrant, but also for a different reason.

He threw a furtive glance south.

The Nameless Temple was not that far from here — no more than two hundred kilometers. Subsequently, the swath of the abominable jungle where his menagerie of Great Nightmare Creatures were slumbering under the influence of the Dream Curse was not that far, either.

Their hideous bodies were shrouded in a veil of shadows, true, but even hiding them inside the darkness of the Shadow Realm Fragment did not put Sunny at ease when a Sovereign was so close.

In fact, the Fragment itself could attract unnecessary attention. Sunny did not know what senses Anvil possessed and how far they reached… so, he was a bit on edge.

'I… should probably focus.'

All Great Nightmare Creatures were dire enemies, but the Asuras were especially fearsome due to their special nature. He had to throw distracting thoughts out of his mind and concentrate on the upcoming battle.

The role of the Saints was to pull the attention of the Asuras away from the King and carve him a path to Condemnation. Then, they were supposed to keep the minions of the Cursed Tyrant at bay until it was destroyed.

Of course, Sunny was meant to serve as the sledgehammer of the group, doing the lion's share of the work — the other five Saints were here to support him.

That was the price he had to pay for being too outstanding.

As they entered the city, his companions grew apprehensive… except for the King, who looked indifferent to the deadly danger of the overgrown ruins.

Sunny commanded Serpent to assume the Soul Weapon form. This time, however, he did not go with the familiar odachi — considering the nature of the enemy, a blunt weapon would work much better. So, the serpentine Shadow took the shape of a great mace that seemed to be carved from black obsidian. It looked almost like the exact opposite of the diamond weapons the Asuras used.

Hoisting the heavy mace on his shoulder, Sunny took the lead and headed toward the center of the ruined city. The others followed, spreading a little to form a loose battle formation.

Each of the Saints looked formidable and battle-ready… well, except for Jest, who was wearing mundane clothes and leaning on his walking stick. The old man was looking around with curiosity.

"This place… reminds me of Europe."

Sunny glanced at him with interest.

"You've been to Europe, old man?"

That continent was lost to humanity, but unlike the Americas and Antarctica, it had not been lost to the Nightmare Spell. Instead, it had been rendered uninhabitable before it even descended.

Jest grinned.

"Sure. Where have I not been? Anyway, there are many such cities in Europe. Ancient, beautiful, swallowed by nature… quite a sight, really, albeit one that will put you in a melancholic mood. Well, and those beautiful forests are no less deadly and vile as this damned jungle. Of course, that is because of the weapons used during the Dark Times, not just the Nightmare Spell."

Sunny stared at him for a few moments, then looked away.

"Still, I don't think there's a city quite like this one in Europe."

Jest raised an eyebrow with a smile.

"How so?"

Taking a deep breath, Sunny grasped the handle of his great mace with both hands.

"There's no friendly locals…"

At that moment, the mounds of vermilion moss around them exploded, revealing damp interiors of overgrown buildings, and the lumbering figures of the Asuras lunged at them with a dreadful speed.

The appalling creatures looked just like Sunny remembered them.

They were twice as tall as humans, but shriveled and hunched. Their vaguely humanoid bodies were made from stone, with deep cracks covering its rough surface. Red moss covered the stone like tattered garments, with scarlet blossoms growing from it on black stalks.

Below the moss, desiccated flesh could be seen through the cracks in the dark stone. That flesh belonged to the Awakened warriors who had once worn the powerful suits of enchanted armor… and were now entombed within them.

The featureless faces of the Asuras gaped with round holes cut on their surface, all of them full of appalling darkness.

The terrifying abominations descended upon them in an instant, their diamond weapons already falling to shatter the world into pieces.

Sunny grimaced.

His black mace slammed into the chest of the nearest Asura with enough force to collapse a mountain, producing a devastating shockwave and causing several of the overgrown buildings to crumble.

At the same time, Rivalen staggered back on his four stubby legs, his barrier of shields collapsing under the terrible force of a Great Nightmare Creature's blow. Luckily, the invisible barrier had stalled the abomination just long enough to allow Helie to send several arrows in quick succession, each striking the Asura's chest and exploding with thunderous roars.

Roan simply used his mass to topple one of the golems, then bit down on the stone carapace. A moment later, powerful currents of electricity seemed to flow through the ancient suit of mystical armor, frying it from the inside.

Cassie simply dodged the attack, gliding back with the help of the Quiet Dancer.

The King of Swords, meanwhile…

Simply ignored the sudden attack, continuing to walk toward the center of the city with a cold and terrifying expression on his chiseled face.




***
Chapter 2085: Fragments of War (22)


***






It was never easy to fight Great Nightmare Creatures.

They were faster, stronger, and more durable than even Transcendent humans were, not to mention possessing abominable constitution. Worse than that, the world bent to their will… and the humans did, as well. Facing an abomination of the Great Rank was a treacherous ordeal at best, and a deadly mistake most of the time.

The wounds dealt to the enemy would be more shallow than they were meant to be. A sharp blade would turn dull; a sturdy armor would succumb to blows easier than it had ever succumbed before. Similarly, one's own body and mind would betray them, making the difference in power feel even greater than it was.

But it did not mean that human Saints had no chance in a battle against Great abominations. In fact, Sunny judged that even the most inexperienced Saint was far more deadly than most of those… at least as far as Nightmare Creatures of lesser Classes were concerned.

It was for a simple reason. Great Nightmare Creatures possessed dreadful power and dire will by their very nature. The Saints, however, were innately unnatural beings — they were, in fact, the product of a bitter fight against one's nature. From a mundane person to a Transcendent warrior, each step on the Path of Ascension was paid for in blood.

And only the very best of humanity had walked that far on the path. They were the strongest and deadliest members of the human tribe, trained for war by the Nightmare Spell — unlike most Nightmare Creatures, who were granted their power without having to strive to gain it.

That was why six Saints of the Sword Army were not instantly overwhelmed by the Great Nightmare Creatures of the ancient ruins.

Sunny had used shadow sense to predict where the enemy would appear from and moved in advance to make up for his lacking speed, slamming his mace into the breastplate of the appalling golem. Of course, he had wrapped himself in shadows and used [Feather of Truth] to make his blow as heavy as possible.

Most importantly, Serpent's [Slaying Blade] Ability was meant to ignore the will of greater enemies, to a degree.

As a result, the stone breastplate of the golem exploded into a rain of debris, and before the thunderous boom of the heavy impact could even die down, the Handy Bracelet announced the kill.

[You have slain a Great Beast, Asura of Condemnation.]

[Your shadow grows stronger.]

Sunny wasted a split second to wonder at the fact that beings of such dire power could die so swiftly by his hand. Since when had it become the norm? It was truly bizarre…

But he did not have a lot of time to celebrate the kill. Already, another Asura was moving in his direction, mere moment away from obliterating him with a devastating strike.

Before it could, however, a different kind of horror intercepted the shambling golem from the darkness. Glowing red claws shot forward, and Fiend threw the creature to the ground, having already sliced off its arm with terrifying ease.

Infernal flames burned in his eyes with hungry glee.

Sunny's Supreme Devil towered above the Asuras, his glistening black frame bristling with countless jagged spikes.

Unlike the six Saints, Fiend did not look inferior to the Asuras in terms of sheer menace. If anything, he looked much more terrifying, like a demon of blackened steel that had crawled from the depths of a fiery hell. His hungry expression only made him seem more sinister.

Without wasting any time, Fiend threw himself into battle.

The other Saints were holding their ground, as well, albeit just barely. Cassie, Roan, Rivalen, and Helie coordinated their movements, facing the lumbering stone golems with a united front. Jest, meanwhile… seemed to have disappeared somewhere. Sunny felt a strange hint of concern about the old man, but he was also sure that the elder of Clan Dagonet could take care of himself.

Sunny dashed forward and brought his mace down on the moss-covered mass of the Asura whom Fiend had thrown down moments earlier. There was a shockwave, and the ground beneath the creature split open. Around them, a few ancient buildings collapsed…

The Great Beast grew still, not trying to rise anymore.

A split second later, Sunny was gone, having used Shadow Step to jump a few dozen meters away. A diamond blade whistled through the space he had been occupying a heartbeat before, seemingly cutting the fabric of reality itself apart.

He belatedly felt a cold chill running down his spine.

'That was close…'

The battle raged on, with the six Saints attracting more and more Asuras from the depths of the ruins.

But it was merely a distraction.

The true confrontation was about to happen somewhere ahead of them, where the King of Swords was walking calmly with an aloof expression on his cold face.

Out there, in the heart of the nameless city…

Condemnation was rising slowly.

Sunny felt the Tyrant before he saw its towering figure.

He felt its harrowing presence first, then shuddered as he sensed its shadow. It was vast and unfathomably deep, indescribably ancient… inescapable.

Suddenly, he felt like a Sleeper once again, shivering from fear in the shadow of the Crimson Spire.

The rest of the Saints had sensed the Cursed Tyrant, as well. They paled and stumbled, almost losing their lives in the middle of the battle. Condemnation's mere presence seemed to have changed the world, making the Asuras stronger while humans were suddenly weak and frightened.

The only one who showed no sign of fear was Anvil of Valor.

The King continued to walk forward with measured steps, his black armor making no sound, his vermilion cloak fluttering in the powerful wind that had been raised by the Condemnation.

The Cursed Tyrant was slowly rising at the heart of the ruins, making the world quake…

That was where Anvil was headed, a sharp and ominous gleam igniting in the depths of his cold, grey eyes.




***
Chapter 2086: Fragments of War (23)


***






Sunny had not gotten a good look at Condemnation the last time he visited the Ruins. Back then, he and Nephis were too preoccupied with surviving and rescuing the pair of Sleepers. Now, however… even though he was embroiled in a furious fight against the Asuras, he could not help but study the ancient Cursed One.

Condemnation was definitely one of the most imposing Nightmare Creatures he had even encountered, if for no other reason than sheer, inconceivable size.

Sunny had seen and fought many gargantuan abominations, had even slain many of them. Some were even the size of a mountain, like Goliath or the Black Turtle whose corpse had served him as an island-ship in the Third Nightmare.

However, even Goliath had conceivably proportions, towering above the ground by more than a hundred meters, but less than two hundred.

Condemnation dwarfed the Fallen Titan effortlessly.

It was so gargantuan, in fact, that watching it rise felt like watching a natural disaster happening, not a living being moving.

At its full height, the Cursed Tyrant was no less than several kilometers tall. It was so tall, in fact, that Sunny could only see its full form because of the distance… if he was any closer, he would have had to lay down on the ground and look up to truly see the dreadful scale of Condemnation.

It was vaguely human-like in shape, possessing two legs, two arms, and a head. However, the semblance was rough and distant, as if created in the image of a human by a consciousness that either did not really know what humans looked like, or simply did not care.

The dark behemoth was awesome and imposing, but most of all, the chaotic contours of its mountainous body were utterly dreadful. In fact, simply looking at it was maddening, as if Sunny's resilient mind was deeply wounded by the unfathomable sight.

The first time Sunny had seen the Cursed One, he assumed that, since it had risen from below the overgrown ruins, its body was covered by soil, roots, moss, pieces of rubble, and debris. 

But now that he could see it clearly, he knew that he had assumed wrong. The body of Condemnation was not covered by a crumbling layer of the ruins… instead, it simply consisted of the ruins. And everything else around it, really, as if assembled from what was there to take.

Stone, soil, vast fragments of the shattered bone, countless trees and vines, pieces of stone and entire crumbling buildings were held in the air by an invisible force, comprising the colossal figure.

There were other, less tangible things constituting Condemnation, as well. The twilight of the subterranean ruin, the vast swathes of ancient shadows, the howling wind, the clouds of mist… any even more abstract concepts, most likely, which Sunny was unable to perceive.

Truthfully, he was mostly certain that he could not perceive all of the Cursed Tyrant, instead witnessing only the surface of its harrowing being.

It was as if a malevolent spirit had possessed the nameless city, and then built itself a body out of its remains.

Entranced, Sunny stared at the slowly straightening colossal figure of Condemnation for a moment or two. Then, he shuddered and looked away hurriedly, just a heartbeat before the Cursed One opened its eyes.

It was suddenly hard to breathe.

Sunny felt as if his mind was about to shatter and his body was about to fester with a vile darkness… and he wasn't even whom the Cursed Tyrant was looking at.

Towering at kilometers in height. Condemnation was unmistakably looking down… at the King of Swords, who was still approaching it with measured steps.

'This madman…'

Without slowing down even a little or showing the smallest sign of fear, Anvil stepped forward easily and suddenly soared into the air.

He did not possess the ability to fly, like Kai did, and neither was he using a Memory to take flight. Instead, it seemed as if he simply willed himself to rise into the darkness, forcing gravity to release its hold on him.

Of course, there was a simpler explanation. Sunny knew that Anvil's Dormant Ability gave him tremendous affinity to metal and the power to control it — which was how he was able to control the sea of flying swords, most likely. Meanwhile, his suit of intricate plate armor had also been forged from mystical steel, so he could have been simply exerting his power on it to fly.

In any case, the King of Swords rose high into the air and hovered there like a black dot, his vermilion cloak billowing in the wind. He was positioned right across Condemnation's colossal, inhuman face.

The two stared at each other for a few moments… from afar, it was like watching an ant stare down a giant.

But then, the situation changed.

That was because an enormous cyclone of scarlet light manifested itself into reality behind the King of Swords, drowning the ruins of the ancient city in a bright red radiance.

The cloud of scarlet light cut the world in two like an enormous wall, flowing and swirling hypnotically. It was composed of myriads of radiant sparks, of course.

The wall of scarlet radiance and the darkness surrounding Condemnation seemed to be at odds for a few moments, just like their masters were. Sunny was sure that there was also another, invisible confrontation going on.

It was the confrontation between the Sword Domain and the will of the Cursed One. Anvil was invading Condemnation's land, after all — and his Domain was invading foreign territory, too.

Then, finally, the ocean of scarlet sparks manifested into a sea of beautiful swords.

Surrounded by them like a steel stormfront, Anvil looked at the Cursed Tyrant coldly.

Then, raising a head, he sent the sword forward.

Two enormous torrents of rustling steel flowed past him at tremendous speed, aimed at the colossal body of Condemnation.

The battle between a Sovereign and a Tyrant had begun.




***
Chapter 2087: Fragments of War (24)


***






As the storm of swords descended upon Condemnation, the Asuras seemed to lose interest in the Saints. The ancient golems turned around, observing the battle between the Sovereign and the cursed god… then, one of them raised its diamond spear and threw it with measured, powerful swing.

There was a thunderous roar, and the ground beneath the golem cracked.

The diamond spear flew through the darkness like a shooting star, becoming incandescent and igniting the very air around it. Its fiery trail was like a wound left on the dim twilight of the Hollows.

It was aimed at the back of the King of Swords, who hovered high above the ground in the distance.

Luckily, one of Helie's arrows struck the spear in the air, producing a fearsome explosion and knocking it off course. The stunning shot left the beautiful equine Saint open for a split second, though, which almost cost her her life.

Sunny manifested his three incarnations and snarled as each of them attacked one of the Asuras.

"Keep them busy!"

He was not even entirely sure why he was trying to prevent the minions of the Cursed Tyrant from attacking Anvil. Wouldn't it be better if the damned Sovereign was either killed or severely wounded in the battle?

No… probably not. With Anvil debilitated or out of the picture, there would be no one left to contain the Queen of Worms. And once her Domain consumed the entire world, neither Sunny nor Nephis would be able to stop her.

That was the rational reason. The irrational reason, though, was that he simply did not feel right siding with the Nightmare Creatures in a battle against humans.

Sunny and his incarnations, as well as Fiend, clashed with the Asuras. The Saints abandoned caution in favor of fierce offense, too — with their combined effort, the dreadful golems were temporarily stalled.

A vast swath of the overgrown ruins was devastated by the chilling violence of their furious battle…

But the devastation could not even remotely compare to the calamity unleashed by the King of Swords and Condemnation.

At the heart of the ancient city, the colossal figure of Condemnation was finally enveloped by a storm of swords. Because of how gargantuan the Cursed Tyrant was, its movements seemed deceptively slow. With each step it took, the Hollows quaked.

The cursed god was slowly raising a hand when the flowing river of swords slammed into its body, turning into an enormous steel whirlwind.

Each of the countless blades struck Condemnation with obliterating force.

Flashes of blinding light and flowers of flame bloomed across the dark expanse of its titanic body — those were caused by kinetic energy turning into heat and light, much like what happened when the projectiles shot by the massive siege railguns hit the hordes of Nightmare Creatures under the walls at Falcon Scott.

Only these explosions were infinitely more destructive, carrying the will and essence of a Supreme being. More than that, there had barely been a few dozen railguns firing at any given moment in Falcon Scott. Here, there was a myriad of swords, all striking the Tyrant continuously.

Sunny suddenly felt a chill run down his spine.

As he watched a hurricane of light and flame swallow the titanic form of Condemnation, his eyes widened.

'Crap…'

Then, the furious forces unleashed by Anvil's attack crossed a dire threshold.

The colossal Tyrant was wreathed in flames entirely by then, with a storm of swords continuing to bombard its mountain-like figure with a daunting barrage of annihilating blows. The heat unleashed by them was so great, in fact, that the air itself seemed to ignite.

It was like a chain reaction.

The world shuddered, and then exploded with furious light. A harrowing wall of flame suddenly formed in the distance, reaching almost all the way to the dome of the Hollows. The dim twilight that had reigned here for thousands of years was instantly vanquished… and the ancient jungle covering the ruins was, too, turning to ash almost in a split second.

The nameless city was revealed from under its suffocating embrace for a brief moment, looking almost like it had before the civilization of Godgrave succumbed to the ruthless challenge of the Nightmare Spell.

It was a beautiful sight.

Then, the ancient stone itself melted, turning into rivers of incandescent lava.

The towering wall of incinerating flame rolled outward, consuming the ruins from the center outward...

There was probably a moment or two before the deadly heat reached the outskirts of the city, where the Saints were fighting the Asuras.

Sunny allowed himself a split second to witness this awesome scene of unfathomable devastation.

Then, he dashed back and shouted:

"Rivalen!"

The Saints seemed to understand his meaning, swiftly moving to stand by the enormous rhino's side. Sunny frantically looked around to see if Cassie was there, but he did not have to worry — she was, just a step or two away from him. In fact, she had probably arrived first.

Rivalen's shields managed to surround them just before a wave of unbearable heat arrived. The power of his defensive Aspect weakened the heat, the shockwave, and the flames enough to allow the Saints to endure. Fiend's wide back protected them, as well.

A couple of heartbeats later, the dome of invisible shields was swallowed entirely by the wall of flame.

The world had turned into a fiery abyss.

'Ah…'

The air itself had been burned away, so they could not breathe. Luckily, Saints could last for a while without oxygen… it was still unpleasant, though.

But they survived.

The jungle had turned to ash. The ruins melted. The air burned.

Eventually, with nothing more to feed on, the fire died down.

Sunny could see clearly once again.

Directly in front of him, Fiend's black carapace had turned incandescent. The ravenous Shadow did not seem to be in discomfort, though — instead, he was gleeful, bursting with bloodlust and vigor, as if having absorbed some of the incinerating fire into his steel body.

Further away, the Asuras were standing, surrounded by wisps of smoke. Patches of red moss that had been covering the abominable golems were gone now, burned away, revealing their true appearance.

Beyond the Great Nightmare Creatures, the vast ruins of the ancient city… were utterly gone, having turned into a hellish landscape of ash and molten lava.

And further still…

The Cursed Tyrant, Condemnation, remained intact and undamaged.

It still bore the scar where Neph's flame had burned its body, but the harrowing conflagration summoned into the world by the hurricane of Anvil's swords did not leave even a scratch on it.

Condemnation's titanic hand was reaching forward from the billowing cloud of black smoke, as if to swat the King of Swords away like an annoying pest.




***
Chapter 2088: Fragments of War (25)


***






As the flames died down, a hurricane wind slammed into the Saints and the Asuras from behind. That was air rushing in to fill the vacuum — and bringing the overbearing smell of ash with it.

The ruins of the ancient city had turned into a fiery hellscape, and an unbearable heat singed their lungs as they breathed in. No mortal man could have survived in this incandescent purgatory, and yet, the Sword Saints did. After all, those of the Transcendent Rank were not quite mortal.

Ahead of them, the stone carapaces of the Asuras were glowing with angry red embers.

Helie dismissed her Transformation and wiped the sweat off her brow, breathing shallow breaths.

A pained grimace twisted her beautiful face.

"How are we supposed to fight them in these conditions?"

Her voice sounded weak and ghostly, since there was not enough air around them yet to carry the sound properly.

Sunny simply leaned forward, preparing to lunge at the enemies.

"What are you waiting for? Attack while their armor is still softened by the heat!"

She stared at him for a split second, then gritted her teeth and nocked an arrow on the string of her bow — which had shrunk in size greatly now that she assumed the human form once more.

The other Saints moved, as well.

…Far away, past the dark figures of the Asuras, Condemnation's hand was moments away from reaching Anvil. Rivers of swords twisted in the glowing red darkness of the incinerated wasteland, converging right in front of him like a colossal steel flower. Its epicenter was supposed to serve as a shield for the Sovereign and receive the Tyrant's blow.

Four incarnations of Sunny descended upon the Asuras, unleashing hell upon them. However, even embroiled in the deadly battle, he could not help but keep an eye on the titanic confrontation happening in the distance.

Condemnation's hand collided with the whirlwind of swords in an explosion of furious devastation. It seemed to move slowly from a distance, but there was a blinding flash when the collision happened, followed by a thunderous roar and a tremendous shockwave.

This time, the shockwave spread vertically. A few moments later, it slammed into the floor of the Hollows, as well as in their dome — the world quaked, and a net of shallow cracks appeared on the surface of the ancient bone above them.

The swirling mass of flying swords had failed to stop the cursed god's hand.

It barreled through them without ever slowing down, obliterating countless swords and sending many more flying into the distance. Shards of broken blades and streams of molten metal rained down.

Sunny could not see the blow clearly. He only saw a whirlwind of scarlet sparks surrounding the King of Swords, and then saw him plummeting down like a meteor.

He perceived what happened next with shadow sense.

Anvil failed to damage the body of the enemy, and was struck down instead. However, the Sovereign seemed to have protected himself from the blow, after all. He crashed into a river of lava, sending a great fountain of it rising into the air.

A few moments later, Anvil rose slowly to his feet, unscathed, and looked up with a dark expression. Drops of lava rolled down the black surface of his armor, not leaving even a trace on it, and he stood in the incandescent river of molten rock as if it was water.

His eyes were cold and full of dark, suffocating determination.

Outstretching a hand, he summoned another sword.

This one, however… felt different.

Its shadow was much more terrifying than the shadows of the countless blades moving above the Sovereign like a steel storm.

'What just happened?'

Sunny struggled to contend against the terrifying Asuras while trying to comprehend the awesome exchange between the King of Swords and Condemnation.

On the surface, it had seemed simple enough — a straightforward competition of their ability to exert force and unleash devastation. However, Sunny was sure that there was more going on than what met the eye.

Anvil had not just failed to cut Condemnation because the colossal body of the Cursed Tyrant was too tough, and he had not failed to block Condemnation's blow because its arm was too strong. Instead, the Sword Domain had failed to exert its dominance over the authority of the cursed god, and his will had failed to overpower the will of the enemy.

Everything else was merely a result.

Sunny's expression grew ugly behind the mask.

He was distracted from the profane battle after that, forced to concentrate on his own. As Sunny and the Sword Saints battled the shambling Asuras, they caught glimpses of the dreadful confrontation between the King of Swords and Condemnation from time to time.

Flashes of blinding light, deafening thunderclaps, and devastating shockwaves continued to torment the world, making the Hollows quake in horrid convulsions.

The gargantuan figure of the Cursed Tyrant was hard to miss, but Anvil was too small to be seen clearly from the distance — especially in the appalling mayhem of their awesome clash. However, his presence was just as overwhelming, since even when the Sovereign himself could not be seen, the storm of swords that he had summoned was always visible.

The torrents of rustling steel that besieged Condemnation were of the same scale as the Cursed Tyrant, even towering above it at times. Moving, flowing, soaring, falling… assaulting the eldritch deity unceasingly. The swirling hurricane of swords was strangely hypnotic, and most of all, it almost looked like a living being itself.

As if the currents of sharp swords were a substitute for the King's own body.

'...What is he doing?'

It was hard for Sunny to judge, since he did not really know a lot about Anvil's actual battle prowess, but it all seemed strange. Up until now, the King of Swords seemed to have only used his Dormant Ability… an inconceivably evolved version of it, true, but nothing else.

Sunny had seen that Ability in Orum's memories. As a Sleeper, Anvil shared a deep connection to metals and could even somewhat control them, using that weak form of control to push the blade of his sword in battle and thus enhance his swordsmanship in deadly and unpredictable ways.

As an Awakened, he could control a flying sword and use it to effectively slay Nightmare Creatures without ever touching his hand.

And as unlikely as it seemed, this vast storm of swords was just that — an extension of that same Ability. From one sword, to a dozen, to a myriad… the scope of implementation was entirely different, but the essence was precisely the same.

So, why wasn't Anvil using his other Aspect Abilities to fight Condemnation?

Sure, there was a chance that his Awakened and Ascended Abilities had nothing to do with combat, and were instead meant to be used for crafting. He was a Spellsmith, after all, so at least one of them had to be.

But there was the Transformation Ability, too. Sunny had never seen Anvil assume his Transcendent form… but if there had ever been a good time to do so, it was now.

What was the King of Swords waiting for?

Feeling confused and uneasy, Sunny frowned and studied the battlefield.




***
Chapter 2089: Fragments of War (26)


***






A quiet hiss escaped Sunny's mouth as he staggered back, barely escaping the blade of a diamond battleaxe. The Asura's movements were almost too fast to perceive, and its mind was so alien that he was struggling to fathom it with Shadow Dance.

After all, the abominable golems were not living beings in the full sense, let alone sentient. They were suits of runic armor that had been corrupted by… whatever it was that inhabited the ancient stone now, malevolent and full of sinister will.

Still, he could predict the movements of the Asuras to a certain degree by sensing the movements of their shadows. That was how Sunny was able to stay alive and destroy one Great Nightmare Creature after another.

He had slain more Asuras than the rest of the Saints combined… but the battle wasn't over.

Just like the harrowing battle between the King of Swords and Condemnation was not over, raging at the heart of the burning wasteland.

Just a split second after Sunny evaded the blow, his enemy was already raising its hands to deliver another. However, he thrust his great mace forward, striking the enemy in the chest.

A blunt weapon was not exactly meant to deliver thrusting attacks, but Sunny was not intending to deal damage with this one. Instead, he simply pushed the Asura back, using the considerable length of his mace to keep the creature at a distance.

As a result, the diamond axe whistled past his mask, never managing to reach him.

In the next moment, a black chain struck one of the Asura's hands with terrible force and wrapped itself around it.

The chain was produced by using Shadow Manifestation, but unlike usual, it was not moving on its own — the power of manifested shadows was not sufficient to immobilize the Great Nightmare Creatures.

Instead, another incarnation of Sunny was holding the chain, using all the dire strength of a Transcendent Terror to pull the Asura's arm down. Of course, the abomination was much more powerful than Sunny… but it did not have leverage,and neither did it have enough mass to overpower him.

The chain slowed the ancient golem just long enough to create an opening.

Stepping forward, Sunny grasped the shaft of his great mace closer to the middle while pushing its butt down. As a result, he effortlessly raised it over his head…

Then strained what felt like every muscle in his body, empowering them with a generous infusion of essence, while at the same time manipulating his own weight to make it as great as possible — all to perform a picture-perfect overhead blow.

The serpentine mace fell down like a black comet and crashed into the head of the Asura, shattering it entirely. Shards of stone shot in all directions like supersonic bullets, some of them embedding themselves into the onyx surface of the Mantle.

The Great Nightmare Creature collapsed to its knees. The black mace continued downward, striking the breastplate of the ancient golem, caving it in, and destroying the ancient remains entombed within the dreadful Asura.

The destruction of the human corpse within had no meaning, but the damage done to the integrity of the runic armor was severe enough to kill the Great abomination on the spot.

…The rebound made Sunny's bones groan, and they only remained intact because of Bone Weave.

His second incarnation was already retrieving the chain and spinning around, beset by another enemy. The third was locked in a fierce struggle with an Asura who had lost both its legs, but used its hands to crawl with astonishing speed. The fourth was fighting side by side with Cassie, communicating with her mentally.

The two of them made for a surprisingly deadly duo. They understood each other effortlessly and moved like two parts of a single being. It almost felt natural to Sunny... both because group combat was an integral part of his Transcendent Battle Art and because Cassie was an almost perfect battle partner to him due to her Aspect and their shared history.

The battlefield was hectic.

Far in the distance, the clash between the Sovereign and the Tyrant was entering fever pitch, as well. Sunny tried to pay it as much attention as he could — which wasn't much — even daring to allow his shadow sense to brush against Condemnation.

The cursed god was too vast and terrifying for him to try peering deeply into its soul, but he observed Anvil closely. When the opportunity allowed, he looked at him directly, trying to fathom the essence of Supremacy from how the Sovereign fought.

What Sunny saw was both astounding and incomprehensible, leaving him no time to try deciphering its deeper meaning just yet.

The King of Swords was still only using his Dormant Aspect Ability, slowly coming undone under the harrowing attacks of Condemnation. The Cursed Tyrant used nothing but his prodigious body to obliterate the flying swords and pursue the King, moving like an unholy mountain made of soil, bone, twilight, and malignant will.

As time went on, more pieces of the world seemed to assimilate into its titanic figure, which was now partially composed of lava, billowing clouds of ash, vacuum, and frozen flames as well.

Condemnation was not using anything except its hands and tyrannic will to attack Anvil… anything that Sunny could perceive, at least. However, he could sense that there was another layer to the battle between the King and the Tyrant, one happening beyond the boundaries of the material world.

The Tyrant was relentless and inevitable. The Sovereign… remained calm and aloof despite being hopelessly outmatched by his foe.

'He's planning something.'

Sunny did not know why he thought that, but he was sure of it — perhaps because he would have had some sort of hidden plan ready himself.

But what was it?

He studied the distant carnage of the profane battle closer, trying to notice something that he had missed.

The clash between the two terrifying beings was not easy to observe, let alone comprehend,and yet he was reasonably sure that he did not overlook anything important.

It was just that…

His four pairs of eyes widened slightly.

That was because Sunny finally saw it — a subtle pattern to the currents of the storm of swords.

Perhaps he had only noticed it because of how proficient he was in recognizing patterns as a weaver.

'What is he…'

The torrents of flying swords, which had been enveloping Condemnation like a colossal whirlwind of steel, were now more spread out. Countless swords had already been destroyed, and many were flung away by the dire forces of the deific battle.

Those swords were not drifting in the air aimlessly, however, and neither had they escaped the King's control.

Instead, they remained static above the battlefield, not moving even a centimeter — almost as if placed in their positions deliberately.

Forming the anchors of a vast, intricate array.




***
Chapter 2090: Fragments of War (27)


***






There was no mistaking it…

Sunny had made it one of his life's great pursuits to learn how to see logic in the seemingly irrational, mind-boggling complexity of spellweaves. Therefore, his mind was trained to see purposeful patterns where seemingly only chaos existed.

That was why he was able to recognize the subtle intent in the swirling currents of the storm of swords.

The flying swords were slowly forming a vast array above the battlefield, hanging above Condemnation like a net.

But what, exactly, was that array meant to achieve, and how?

Sunny studied it for a moment.

'It's… sorcery.'

His eyes widened.

He had been wondering why Anvil was only using his Dormant Ability. Now, the answer seemed obvious… it was because he was intending to use sorcery to deliver the fatal blow, not the power of his Aspect.

The patterns created by the flying swords — each serving as a conduit of the Sovereign's essence — were not random. Once Sunny understood the nature of the array, he was able to shift his perspective and recognize them for what they were.

They were the half-assembled frames of enormous runes.

These runes were not written with ink on paper, carved into the stone, and woven out of ethereal light. Instead, they were formed by countless rustling swords, written in the glowing red darkness by sharp steel.

More than that, the runic array was not formed on a flat plain, but instead constructed in a three-dimensional space. That, naturally, was very different from how humans usually wrote, and were therefore accustomed to reading. However, Sunny was a weaver, and he had already experienced the frustrating headache of teaching his mind to perceive intricate three-dimensional constructs.

After all, the tapestries of essence strings he usually dealt with were never flat, either.

'Runic sorcery.'

Sunny was not proficient enough in that type of sorcery to understand the purpose of the array, but he could discern its existence, at least.

[Cassie… do you see it?]

Now that he was paying attention to the storm of swords, Cassie would have noticed where his focus was aimed at, as well. And she was far more knowledgeable about runic sorcery than he was.

There were a few moments of silence as both of them fought against the Asuras desperately.

Then, her mental response resounded in his mind, sounding out-of-breath:

[By the dead gods, what the hell is…]

It was a bit funny, really. She was speaking telepathically, and her mind did not possess lungs. Why was she out of breath?

Cassie paused for a moment, and then added:

[I see it. I've never seen anything like it. It's… some kind of magical prism. A prismatic confluence? A fulcrum? I'm not sure.]

That explanation did not tell Sunny much. He gathered that the runic array was meant to channel and focus something — much like a prism would focus light. But what was it that the King of Swords was intending to channel? Sunny did not know.

He was going to find out soon, though, because the runic array seemed to be almost finished.

As Condemnation stepped into a lake of lava, making it spill out of its shores, Anvil soared into the air in a whirlwind of scarlet sparks. More swords manifested themselves behind him, fanned like a steel halo. One, two, three… six of them, all emanating a sense of dire power.

Added with the terrifying sword he was holding in his hand, that was seven of them.

The six swords shot in different directions, while the seventh remained in his grasp.

The Cursed Tyrant's titanic hand once again surged forward, and the torrents of swords once again tried to stall its obliterating blow… only to be effortlessly shattered and pierced.

The cursed god was moving much faster than a creature of its immeasurable size was supposed to move. Not because its speed was so great, but simply because space itself twisted around it, shrinking and extending to allow the dark deity to pass.

There was another blinding flash, and another wave of incinerating heat.Another shockwave slammed into the dome of the Hollows, sending jagged shards of bone plummeting from a great height.

Anvil was once again struck down.

He fell into the lake of lava, this time taking a little longer to stand up.

His fearsome defenses finally seemed to reach their limit. The vermilion cloak that hung on his shoulders was scorched, and his black armor was dented. Most shockingly of all, two thin streams of blood were flowing out of his nostrils, crimson drops falling down and evaporating in the scorching heat.

Nevertheless, the Sovereign just smiled coldly.

Because just at that moment, the runic array was finally complete.

The flying swords that formed the steel storm all happened to be just in the right place for a short, carefully chosen moment, outlining countless immense runes in the air around Condemnation.

The Cursed Tyrant finally seemed to sense the trap, but it was already too late — since the array only assembled itself a split second prior, there was no time to react.

The cursed god silently turned its head and looked up, a hint of a strange emotion appearing in its inhuman eyes.

Then, the flying swords ignited with a cold radiance, and far below them, Anvil grasped his sword with both hands to deliver an upward slash.

That slash was both swift and deliberate, beautifully lethal… but it was futile and insignificant at the same time, having cut nothing but air.

And yet…

The runic array seemed to exist for that one slash only.

Sunny did not know what Anvil had channeled with the help of sorcery — if it was merely his soul essence, the authority of his Domain, or even his sheer will. All he knew was that the runic array was brought to life by something, somehow infusing the slash of the King's sword with truly harrowing power.

It was as if an endless invisible blade slashed the world following the path of his steel sword, cutting the world apart.

The lake of lava was cut in half,and the invisible blade continued to travel upward, toward Condemnation's titanic body.

However…

Condemnation was a Cursed Tyrant, after all. Submitting to its will, space twisted once again and started to move the malevolent deity out of the path of Anvil's inconceivable cut…

Until space itself was cut, as well.

The Tyrant did not manage to avoid the invisible blade completely, but it did manage to avoid being wounded by it too severely.

All Anvil managed to cut was Condemnation's wrist. This time, the Cursed Tyrant did not escape unscathed — its arm was cut deeply, almost severing one of its hands.

Sunny froze.

The vast runic array dimmed, having exhausted all its power.

And the cursed god was still alive.

It was wounded, but not at all seriously.

'Is that… all?'

He turned his attention to Anvil, wanting to see if the King of Swords was dismayed and rattled by his failure.

But he was not.

The Sovereign was simply standing in the lava, looking up with a darkly satisfied expression.

And his invisible blade…

Did not dissipate after missing the titanic body of Condemnation, continuing to travel upward.




***
Chapter 2091: Fragments of War (28)


***






The battle between the King of Swords and Condemnation was like a cataclysm. The abominable jungle covering the ruins of the ancient city had been incinerated; the ruins themselves had melted into rivers of lava, turning the entire area into a burning hellscape.

However, the destruction did not stop there. The ground itself was annihilated, revealing the surface of the white bone below — the bone, in turn, was now covered by a web of jagged cracks.

Similarly, the dome of the Hollows far above was damaged, as well.

And the invisible blade created by Anvil — the obliterating manifestation of his authority and slaying will — reached the dome moments after cutting the lake of lava in half and delivering a wound to the Cursed Tyrant.

Sunny froze for a split second, staring into the distance with wide eyes.

In the next second, the invisible blade struck the cracked dome of the Hollows with absolute, unyielding force.

A subtle tremor spread through the ground beneath their feet.

There was an indescribable sound that washed over them like a wave, and colossal shards of bone, some of them the size of stadiums, rained down from the dark heights.

A portion of the dome shuddered and collapsed, a jagged fissure cut through it by the invisible blade.

A soft light poured into the fissure, illuminating the titanic figure of Condemnation. Out there in the distance, the angry red darkness dissolved into the gentle radiance, chased away by light… and bathed in it, the Cursed Tyrant was revealed in all its profane glory.

But Anvil's blow had not exhausted itself, yet.

It was more than a physical cut — or even a sorcerous attack infused with the furious power of Supreme soul essence. The invisible blade was like a law created in an instant, and only meant to exist for an instant.

But in that instant, the law of the blade had the power to sever the world.

And it did.

After breaking through the damaged dome of the Hollows, the invisible blade cut the very sky above Godgrave, leaving a narrow wound on it.

The sky would not be destroyed by a mere cut, of course.

However… the veil of clouds protecting Godgrave from its incandescent purity was. A breach spanning a dozen kilometers appeared on it, allowing the annihilating sunlight to shine through.

To shine upon the surface of the Breastbone Reach… and through the newly torn fissure on its surface, spilling into the Hollows.

Just a heartbeat after the dome was broken, the light falling through the breach in the ancient bone changed. There was no gentle softness in it anymore. Instead, a pillar of blinding, harsh, incandescent radiance fell down…

Illuminating the heart of the molten wasteland, and the gargantuan figure of Condemnation standing right below the fissure.

Sunny gasped.

'T—this…'

A Cursed Tyrant was a god, and mortals could not contend against gods.

However…

Even cursed gods had to bow before the might of the heavens. At least of the harrowing white heaven of Godgrave.

As the blinding sunlight fell on the colossal creature, the first thing that burst into flames was its wounded arm. Towering plumes of fire shot from the cut left by Anvil's blade on its wrist, and the flesh around it — the soil, the fragments of ruins, and the uprooted trees — started to blacken.

Condemnation let out an eerie sound that rolled across the burning wasteland and enveloped the Saints, making them stagger. Sunny withstood the voice of the cursed deity well enough, but others seemed dazed. Helie grabbed her head and let out a cry, while Roan and Rivalen collapsed to the ground. Cassie paled, but remained standing.

Far away, the Cursed Tyrant was melting in the pillar of incandescent sunlight. Burning and being reduced to ash, it collapsed time and space in on themselves, trying to escape the blinding radiance.

But there was no escape.

It was not only the soil, the stone, and the trees that were burning. Everything that comprised the immense body of Condemnation was being annihilated and reduced to ash. The twilight and shadows were vanquished, and the orange glow of the frozen flames was snuffed out. Even the lava that the cursed deity had absorbed into its body was being reduced to ash.

Before Condemnation could move, one of its legs crumbled, sending it toppling down.

The world quaked when the cursed god fell to its knees.

Kneeling as it was and trapped in the sunlight, the Cursed Tyrant resembled a mountain of flames, slowly dissolving into the blinding radiance.

Its wail penetrated Sunny's ears, making his mind reel.

The world seemed to shatter.

He understood vaguely that it was his consciousness that had shattered, and not the world. And yet, at the moment, Sunny did not know the difference.

Reality had turned into a fragmented, feverish nightmare.

He seemed to perceive the grotesque figure of Condemnation dissolving into radiant sunlight. Its colossal mass was like melting candle wax, growing smaller and smaller.

At the same time, he saw the storm of swords explode into a hurricane of scarlet sparks… only for some of those sparks to catch fire and burn in the pillar of light.

He also saw the Asuras watching as their god struggled on the threshold of death in reverent silence.

And many things that he had no words how to describe, and no capacity to understand.

'Aargh…'

Sunny shook his head, trying to gain control over his mind.

It felt like he had managed to recover from the death wail of a god fast enough… but when he finally came to his senses, the world was subtly different from how it used to be.

The desolate wasteland around them was not burning anymore. The rivers of lava had lost much of their glow, having cooled off.

The blinding pillar of sunlight had disappeared, replaced by the soft shining pouring from the jagged fissure in the dome of the Hollows.

Ash was raining from above, falling onto the unmoving figures of the Asuras.

The abominable golems were standing motionlessly like statues, devoid of life.

And out there, in the distance…

Condemnation was gone.

The titanic body which seemed like a mountain was nowhere to be seen… all that remained was ash, absence, and giant shards of blackened bone.

Anvil was standing near the hill of ash, looking at it somberly.

His armor was dented and broken, and his face was covered in soot. The storm of swords he had summoned disappeared, and the seven terrifying blades did, as well.

However…

The Sovereign was holding a new sword in his hand, this one emanating an even more chilling aura. It was a greatsword with a beautiful flowing pattern permeating its steel, indescribably fearsome... and strangely familiar.

Looking down, Anvil studied the greatsword for a few moments, then dismissed it with a hint of dark melancholy in his cold, grey eyes.

Turning his back to the ashes of a god, the King of Swords took a step away and headed toward his Saints.

The battle was over.




***
Chapter 2092: Fragments of War (29)


***






"Crazy, crazy… that bastard killed a god… this is crazy…"

Walking through the northern siege camp of the Sword Army, Sunny — in his persona of Master Sunless — couldn't help but mumble under his nose.

The experience in the ruins of Condemnation had left a deep impression on him. More importantly than that, it was the first time he had seen a Sovereign truly exert themselves in a fight.

And what he had seen was sobering.

Witnessing how fearsome the King of Swords was… was humbling. But even more ominous than that was witnessing how helpless Anvil had been in the battle against a creature of the Cursed Rank.

In the end, the Sovereign had won by doing what humans did best — using his intelligence and the accumulated knowledge of humanity to use every resource available to him in order to slay the enemy. In that particular case, the resource he had used was the sky of Godgrave, which destroyed Condemnation in his stead.

But before that, Anvil had struggled to even damage the Cursed One, let alone slay it. His ultimate attack only managed to deal an inconsequential wound to the enemy.

Because Condemnation possessed a more overwhelming will, and because its authority was more tyrannical than that of the King of Swords.

In short, the disparity in power between the two was quite similar to the disparity Sunny and Nephis would face if they challenged the Sovereigns as Saints.

Utter helplessness.

'Damnation.'

No, why was he even considering that scenario? Nephis had been clear when she said that attaining Supremacy was not simply their best option, but also the only acceptable option.

Because there were hundreds of millions of people being held hostage in the two Domains. If the Sovereigns were to die before she usurped the throne of war, all those people would succumb to the Nightmare Spell. There was no telling how many of them would survive to become Awakened, but the death toll would be staggering.

So there was no point in considering how to deal with Supremes as Saints, to begin with.

Sunny grimaced.

…It was just that he did not know if they would have a choice.

The war was rushing towards the grand finale. Both of them had made some progress in figuring out how to attain Supremacy, but not nearly enough to feel confident in their chances.

Granted, Sunny had felt a hint of an epiphany while watching Anvil fight Condemnation. Sadly, it had been vague and unclear, slipping out of his grasp before he could digest it.

Every Aspect was unique, so every Domain — an extension of an Aspect — was unique as well. Therefore, each Transcendent pursuing Supremacy had to find their own way of manifesting a Domain.

However, after observing Anvil, Sunny could not help but feel a chilling premonition.

It almost seemed seemed as if…

That the key to attaining Supremacy was literally willing it into existence.

'That sounds too immature. It sounds like a joke, really. The great secret of becoming a Supreme… is wishful thinking? What a joke...'

But he had sensed the tyrannical will of the King of Swords. It was apparent in his every move and action, after all, especially so during the battle against a Cursed being.

There were many subtle qualities to Anvil's will, but if Sunny was to pinpoint the most fundamental one… it was how domineering it was.

Cold, sharp, uncompromising. And most importantly of all, absolutely confident both of its rightfulness… and of its very existence.

But that was how a will great enough to reshape the world had to be, wasn't it? Sunny was not sure if intent powerful enough to force itself upon reality could be hesitant of its ability to do so.

Doubt and indecisiveness were the antithesis of will, after all.

So… was Supreme will a self-fulfilling prophecy? A concept that could only be realized if one believed in it, and grew more powerful the more absolute that belief became?

Willing their own will to exist.

'Isn't that a paradox?'

But then again, the very existence of Sovereigns was paradoxical in nature.

Sunny let out a heavy sigh.

He was not sure. His brush against an epiphany had been brief and shallow, after all.

However, he did feel like he had found another component of attaining Supremacy. He just needed to figure out how to apply it to all the other components he had found, as well as those that he was yet to find — and fit it all to his own Aspect.

His expression darkened.

Regardless of these complicated matters, one thing had become painfully clear to him after witnessing the battle between Anvil and Condemnation.

It was that he had to become stronger… as strong as he could possibly be, at the moment.

Of course, that had always been a priority — how could it not be, in the world of the Nightmare Spell? Sunny had always pursued personal power, first to survive, then for a few misguided reasons, and finally — hopefully — for a more enlightened goal.

But there had also been balance to that pursuit. Sunny had to weigh potential gains against inevitable risks when making decisions on what to do, and how to go about it.

And now, after watching the King of Swords slay a god… he knew that there could be no balance anymore. In other words, he had to do things that he had not been willing to risk before, no matter how perilous they could end up being.

'Damn it.'

Sadly, power was not something one could just randomly find laying on the floor. At his current level, Sunny's options were more than a little bit limited.

Frowning deeply, he passed by a row of tents and approached a large wooden building.

One of the ways he could exploit to gain power was weaving a shadowbound Memory of his own, and for that, he needed materials.

The building he was approaching could help him with just that — it was the hangar where the Sword Army stored various resources harvested from the corpses of the Nightmare Creatures slain by the soldiers.

He took a deep breath and tried to clear his mind of unnecessary worries.

'Let's see what we can find…'




***
Chapter 2093: Fragments of War (30)


***






The warehouse where the harvested materials were stored was built from wooden boards, which in turn had been made from lumber harvested in the scarlet jungle. It was an enormous building — it had to be — filled to the brim with the carcasses of Nightmare Creature, some of them relatively small, some of them towering like abominable hills of hide, chitin, and scales.

Godgrave was largely subjugated by now, so the two great armies did not clash with Nightmare Creature that much. The surface of the arm bones, collarbones, the breastbone, and a few ribs of the dead deity was already in human hands. The rest of the ribs, as well as the spine, the pelvis, and the femurs of the titanic skeleton were still untamed, but the soldiers had little reason to venture there.

Neither did they have many reasons to descend into the Hollows… and, of course, they stayed as far away from the harrowing skull of the dead god as possible.

In any case, that which had been unthinkable was now reality — the once-impregnable Death Zone was largely controlled by humans, while the abominable jungle that had covered its dreadful expanse was burnished into the Hollows.

Humans mostly fought humans here now, not the Nightmare Creatures.

Nevertheless, the Sword Army still battled abominations from time to time. Apart from the thralls of Beastmaster, there were also the eerie creatures that dwelled in the ash on the bottom of the chasms of the Two Crossings and occasionally crawled to the surface, attracted by the smell of human blood. So, the material storage was never empty.

The warehouse was roughly separated into three areas — the ground floor where the unprocessed carcasses were stored, the vast storage for the processed materials, and the butchery, where the meat of the slain abominations was being harvested to be delivered to the army brigades later.

Sunny inhaled deeply, thinking that there was a plus side to being a part of the Sword Army. There was a similar warehouse in the camp of the Song Army, no doubt… but the smell there had to be terrible. Clan Valor had become known for its mastery of runic sorcery, though, and there were runic enchantments in place here to keep the air fresh.

Whistling quietly, he headed for the ground floor to check if any useful carcasses had been dragged to the warehouse since the last time he visited. There was a particular creature he was interested in, an ash dweller whom he had seen being slain from afar while taking a walk along the edges of the Ivory Tower with Nephis.

The material storage was usually full of people, and today was no different. However, the atmosphere inside seemed unusual.

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

'What is this…'

It was as though the light was a little brighter, and the air was a little fresher, with a faint scent of rain and lightning permeating it. The workers processing the remains of the Nightmare Creatures were moving a little stiffly, a hint of reverence in the eyes.

In the next moment, he saw a familiar figure and realized the reason for this strangeness.

Saint Tyris of the White Feather clan was standing just a few meters away from him, studying the carcasses.

The soft light of luminous Memories was reflecting from her golden hair, and a beautiful white cloak shrouded her graceful figure. A few Awakened warriors of her clan, as well as two Knights of Valor, were just a couple steps behind her — considering how important for the war effort Sky Tide was, she was not allowed to go anywhere without a retinue of bodyguards these days.

Sunny hesitated for a moment, then bowed respectfully.

"Saint Tyris."

She glanced at him with an aloof expression, then nodded curtly.

"Master Sunless."

He smiled politely.

"Are you here for something particular, or simply exploring the latest harvest? If it is the former, perhaps I might be of some help. I know my way around the material storage quite well."

Sky Tyde remained silent for a second or two, then sighed.

"A bit of both, I guess. We've been facing a vexing problem recently. The aerial battles are growing more intense with each assault, and defending the Ivory Island is becoming more difficult due to attrition…"

The White Feather clan possessed many Awakened warriors who specialized in aerial combat, so it was often leading the charge in the battle for the sky above the Greater Crossing. Its main task was to prevent the enemy from reaching the Ivory Island and the ranged specialists stationed there during the assaults.

Saint Tyris shook her head.

"We have slain countless winged thralls of Beastmaster. But… it is hard to destroy them completely in the air, and once they fall to the ground, the Queen simply raises them again. Thus, they return to the battle as pilgrims. Our aerial Echoes are destroyed irreversibly, though, so we are slowly losing ground. The forgemasters of Valor are trying to counteract that by crafting artificial Echoes, yet the speed with which they can create them is woefully insufficient for the task."

Her impassive face turned grim.

"So, we are losing more and more soldiers instead. I've been coming here in hopes of finding something to armor the Echoes, but it is hard. Aerial combat is demanding… the material has to be sturdy enough to withstand its intensity, but also light enough as to not burden the flyers too much. Nothing here suits our needs."

She lingered for a moment, and then added:

"We have already exhausted all other means of enhancing our forces, including requisitioning every suitable Memory from other units of the Sword Army… well, you must already be aware. Your assistant, Aiko, was very helpful in arranging the Memory exchange with the Fire Keepers. But it is not enough, and at this point, I am forced to grasp at straws."

There was a hint of cold resentment in her beautiful amber eyes.

Sunny studied the massive carcasses of slain Nightmare Creatures that surrounded them from all sides, considering her words in silence.

As he did, his expression changed subtly.

Saint Tyris was right. There was no material here suitable for crafting armor for flying Echoes…

That was not the problem, though.

His smile grew a little forced.

"If you allow me to be so presumptuous, Lady Tyris, we have an extensive material warehouse on the Ivory Island, as well. I've collected many exotic materials over the years — all over the Dream Realm, not only here in Godgrave. You might find something that suits your needs… if you wish, I can escort you there right now."

Saint Tyris turned to study him calmly.

'Say yes, say yes…'

It was an unusual offer, but not that outlandish. There was no rule preventing various forces within the Sword Army from sharing resources, after all — in fact, they all did just that, even if most kept the best spoils for themselves.

Simple courtesy was not what had motivated Sunny to invite Sky Tide to the Ivory Island, though, and neither was it his favor toward the White Feather clan.

He had a far more urgent reason to want to get Saint Tyris out of the material storage.

It was that while Sunny was studying the carcasses of the dead Nightmare Creaturees, he had discovered…

That most of them were actually not that dead.




***
Chapter 2094: Fragments of War (31)


***






The motionless Nightmare Creatures around them were not dead…

However, they weren't really alive, either.

There was no vile darkness permeating their souls anymore, because the dead had no souls. But there was something.

A strange, almost imperceptible impression of foreign essence hidden deep within the towering carcasses, binding them like puppeteer's strings.

Sunny felt a cold chill run down his spine.

'These are… Queen's pilgrims.'

The siege of the Greater Crossing was such a bloody and arduous endeavor for many reasons, and the fearsome fortifications built by the Song Army on the other side of the chasm was merely one of them.

Terrain was another, but just as importantly, it was the issue of Domain boundaries.

The Sword Domain and the Song Domain were clashing above the dark chasm, just like the two great armies were. Anvil controlled one side of the crossing, while Ki Song controlled the other — as a result, the attacking soldiers had to leave the support of their King behind and enter the hostile Domain when assaulting the Song stronghold.

The defenders, in turn, could not freely counterattack the camp of the Sword Army, because they would have to leave the Song Domain to do so.

It was the reason why the soldiers of the Sword Army could give their fallen comrades a proper burial here in the camp instead of having to destroy the bodies immediately, and why there were not that many guards watching over the field hospital.

The Queen could not raise the dead outside the boundary of her Domain. She could not even send her pilgrims across the chasm…

Only, as it turned out, she could.

Sunny looked at the carcasses of the Nightmare Creature while hiding his apprehension.

'How the hell…'

Some of these abominations had been slain in the Hollows, while most were either Beastmaster's thralls or ash dwellers.

Or so everyone had thought.

But it was clear to Sunny now that it had all been a ploy. All Nightmare Creatures around him, except those from the Hollows, had not been slain by the soldiers of the Sword Army.

Instead, they had been slain by the enemy, raised as puppets, sent across the chasm, and then commanded to play dead after sustaining enough damage to make their supposed deaths look believable.

And now, they were all here, in the heart of the Sword Army camp, waiting… for something. While no one was the wiser.

'Which bastards?!'

For a moment, Sunny felt a searing anger. Sure… it was hard to distinguish a pilgrim from a dead body. They were genuinely dead, after all. But somebody, at least, had to note that the Spell did not announce the kill after delivering a supposedly fatal blow to these creatures.

Granted, the battlefield was a terrible and hectic place, so most soldiers did not pay a lot of attention to the whispers of the Spell during the dreadful clashes with the enemy.

'What now, then?'

Trying to maintain a polite exterior, Sunny tensed inwardly.

He felt more annoyed than troubled, but it was still an issue.

Master Sunless was supposed to be weak and harmless, so he could at best raise the alarm and reveal the insidious infiltration… but then he would have to explain how he was able to detect something that so many other people had missed.

And Sunny really did not wish to share the fact that his eyes had inherited wondrous abilities from Weaver, the Demon of Fate.

'That is not even the real problem.'

The real problem was the intention of the Queen.

Sure, a bunch of powerful pilgrims could deal some damage if they went on a rampage in the depths of the enemy camp. But in the grand scheme of things, that damage would be insignificant.

So why had she gone to such lengths to deliver her puppets to the material storage of the Sword Army?

The answer was right in front of Sunny.

It was Saint Tyris.

She said that she had been coming here regularly in search of suitable materials to armor the flying Echoes. So, her presence here was predictable, and could be exploited.

The pilgrims had not been sent here to sabotage the camp of the Sword Army.

They had been sent here to kill Sky Tide.

...Sunny had just stumbled into an assassination plot.

Which was why he had to get her out immediately — while preserving his facade of a harmless and unassuming Master Sunless.

'Wonderful.'

Noticing a hint of hesitation in Sky Tide's eyes, Sunny put on his most charming smile and said pleasantly:

"I will be happy to give you a private tour of my collection, Lady Tyris. I am sure we can discover something… worthwhile, together."

He had no idea when the pilgrims were going to attack, so there was no time to waste. Saint Tyris already expressed that her search here in the material storage had been fruitless — so, hopefully, she would take him up on his offer.

…However, to Sunny's astonishment, the reaction to his highly pragmatic suggestion was not at all what he expected.

One of the Knights of Valor standing behind Saint Tyris glared at him with contempt, and then uttered quietly through gritted teeth:

"Despicable…"

Another shook his head.

"Damn womanizer."

Hearing those words, the warriors of the White Feather clan pierced him with furious gazes and whispered among each other:

"So he wants to give our lady a private tour, huh?"

"So the rumors are true… he really is that kind of scumbag."

"I told you I saw him bothering Lady Cassia while Changing Star's was away. Ah, I really want to erase that sleazy smile off his face..."

Sunny's eyes widened.

Sky Tide's gaze, meanwhile, turned even colder than usual.

He shuddered.

"N—no… I did not mean…"

However, Sunny did not get the opportunity to finish the sentence.

Because at that moment, the pilgrims moved.

All he could do was send a mental cry to Cassie:

[Cassie! Get Nephis to the material storage in the northern camp, now!]

In the next moment, Saint Tyris shifted her gaze past him, her strange vertical pupils turning into two narrow stills.

Then, reaching forward, she grabbed Sunny by the shoulder and pulled him back.

Something crashed into the wooden floor behind him, sending splinters flying in all directions.

Sky Tide shielded Sunny from the enemy and barked:

"Ascended Sunless, escape immediately! The rest of you, prepare for battle!"

Her retinue was slow to react, still failing to understand what was happening.

But the carcasses of powerful Nightmare Creatures all around them were already moving, rising from the ground to launch an attack.

Sunny's eyes widened, and he grew pale as a ghost.

As the pilgrims lunged at Sky Tide and her bodyguards from all sides…

He fumbled for a moment, then took off running.

Sadly, in his panic, Sunny ran in the wrong direction.

Worse than that, he even managed to trip over his own feet…

And collided with Saint Tyris, sending them both flying to the ground.

Just as they landed on the wooden floor, Sunny finding himself laying atop the dazed Saint, something dark and incredibly sharp whistled above his head.

"Oh, oh gods! S—sorry!"

He awkwardly tried to extricate himself from the matriarch of the White Feather clan, but was thrown back down when something crashed into his back.

"Aargh!"

Luckily, the blow did not seem to be too powerful… the clumsy enchanter remained alive, at least. There was some blood flowing out of the wound, but not a lot of it.

Saint Tyris caught Sunny before he could fall on her… again… and unceremoniously tossed him aside, in the direction of the butchery — where there were no moving Nightmare Creatures, and he therefore had the best chance to survive.

Her sword had finally manifested itself into reality, so she instantly slashed at the giant claw flying at her, and severed it from the chitinous limb.

Her bodyguards were already holding their weapons, as well, throwing themselves into the fight.

Sadly, they were hopelessly outnumbered, and caught by surprise on top of that.

But Sunny had finished summoning a Memory too

To the surprise of those who could see him, it was not a sword, a spear, or a weapon of any kind.

Instead, it was a beautiful silver bell.

Laying on the floor, the enchanter raised a hand and rang the bell with a horrified expression on his handsome face.

…In the next moment, the roof of the material storage exploded, and a radiant figure plummeted into the mass of abominations like a star, surrounded by a whirlwind of white flames.

Soon after that, Knights of Valor flooded through the gate of the warehouse, having followed the mysterious, melodious ringing.

The battle was fierce, but short.

Before too long, the pilgrims of the Queen that had infiltrated the camp were completely obliterated.

***

By the end of the day, a stunning rumor spread throughout the great army of the Sword Domain.

The Queen of Worms had sent assassins to eliminate Sky Tide of White Feather… and they came dangerously close to succeeding in their vile task.

Luckily, Changing Star arrived in the nick of time to rescue Saint Tyris.

That was not the most astonishing part, though…

The most astonishing part was that the assassins only failed because of a young enchanter who had happened to be near Sky Tide at the time.

According to the workers who had witnessed the scene, Master Sunless — the Memory Purveyor of the Fire Keepers and an infamous playboy — bravely threw himself between Saint Tyris and the attacking Nightmare Creatures, shielding her with his own body from a rain of deadly blows.

His flesh was pierced, and his blood was spilled, but thanks to that, Sky Tide remained unscathed.

More than that, even while bleeding to death, the enchanter managed to raise the alarm — which was why everyone in the northern siege camp heard the melodious ringing of a bell, and why Lady Nephis managed to arrive on time.

The soldiers shuddered at the thought of what would have happened if the brave enchanter had not been there.

The loss of Saint Tyris would have been a devastating blow to the entire army. After all, it was only thanks to her that the soldiers could fight without fearing turning to ash under the merciless light of the incandescent white sky.

"Damn… I was wrong about that Sir Sunless."

"You know, it takes a rare kind of man to shield a stranger from death with his own body."

"Anyone can die uselessly, you fool… it's the fact that he managed to call for help and saved everyone that is impressive. That's a Knight Commander for you."

"I hope that mongrel is alright. Well, of course he is — Lady Nephis was there, after all."

"Oh, yes. I heard she had healed him moments before he passed away… also that the enchanted bell was her gift to him, and that she comes running every time he rings it... lucky bastard!"

The rumors continued to spread, growing more and more exaggerated with each retelling.

And that…

Was how Sunny became a hero of the Sword Army.




***
Chapter 2095: King and Jester


***






Not long after the battle with Condemnation, the King of Swords was sitting on the vast stump of an ancient tree, surrounded by the dim twilight of the Hollows. The trunk of the tree was laying nearby, splintered and shredded by countless cuts, vile juices seeping out of it onto the scarlet moss.

The trunk was hollow on the inside, and half-digested remains of dead Nightmare Creatures could be seen through the gaping holes in the bloodred wood.

Anvil was cleaning his sword with an aloof expression on his regal face.

Soon enough, there was the sound of footsteps, and Jest of Dagonet approached him from the direction of the temporary camp established by the six Saints. The dapper old man seemed undisturbed by the predatory rustle of the ancient jungle, leaning slightly on his cane.

He had disappeared for most of the battle against the Condemnation, only returning after it was slain. The Saints naturally had questions about where Jest had vanished to in the chaos, to which he simply produced several Supreme soul shards and unleashed a barrage of questionable jokes.

It seemed that he had been pulled into a buried structure by one of the Asuras, and was beset by several Great Nightmare Creatures there, unable to escape and almost drowning in lava once the ruins were destroyed. 

Now, several hours later, the King and his retinue had left the desolate battlefield behind and entered the scarlet jungle once more, moving west for some time before making camp.

The old man stopped a few steps away from the Sovereign and looked at him with a curious expression.

"A new sword?"

Anvil nodded silently.

"It's Condemnation."

Saint Jest clicked his tongue and studied the dreadful blade for a few moments. Then, he shuddered and quickly shook his head.

"I presume the kids did not see?"

The King of Swords glanced at him, then shrugged.

"By the time they came to their senses, I had already turned it into a Memory."

The old man nodded.

"Good, good… well, what do I care? It's not like I am your butler. That would be that bore, Sebastian. If he's still alive."

Anvil finally looked away from the sword and gazed at Jest coldly.

After a few moments of silence, he asked in an indifferent tone:

"How was your outing?"

Saint Jest grinned.

"Well, it could have been worse. I did manage to reach the Nameless Temple during the commotion… sadly, I failed to get a good look."

The King of Swords raised an eyebrow, prompting the old man to cough in embarrassment.

"That kid, Shadow… I guess he was wary of me from the very start. I tried the Hollows approach at first, but that pretty Echo of his — or whatever that onyx lass is — was there waiting for me, hiding in the shadows. Goodness gracious, such a sight. Anyway, that thing is more or less created to be my nemesis... it's completely immune to mind attacks. So, I did not attack and climbed to the surface instead."

He sighed.

"But there was… something… guarding the Nameless Temple above ground, as well. I could not see it, and I could not sense it. But it was there. So, I took a cursory glance and retreated."

Anvil frowned, lingered for a few moments, and then continued to clean the dreadful sword.

After a while, he asked evenly:

"And?"

Saint Jest shrugged.

"He is definitely hiding something. But what? That, I could not say."

He hesitated for a heartbeat, and then grinned.

"I mean… that much was already obvious, I guess! You know, considering the creepy mask."

Anvil glanced at him with no amusement in his steely grey eyes.

"That mask is a Divine Memory of the Seventh Tier. When, one of them is, at least."

Saint Jest shrugged.

"Good for him. Well, anyway… I am pretty sure that he is not working for that Song girl. I am also convinced that he has nothing to do with the… third one. Whatever he is hiding, it only has to do with Immortal Flame's grandkid."

A hint of displeasure found its way into Anvil's eyes.

He studied the sharp blade of the sword, remained silent for a while, and then asked in a distant tone:

"Who do you think is the more dangerous of them?"

The old man laughed.

"The most dangerous? Personally, I think the third one is the most dangerous."

The King looked at him with a hint of curiosity.

"Song of the Fallen? Why?"

Saint Jest smiled.

"It's the quiet ones that are always the problem. And our blind beauty, Cassia, is so quiet that it's often hard to remember that she's there. Creeps me out, to be honest."

Anvil smiled faintly, then nodded.

The old man's expression changed subtly.

"Why? What do you want to do?"

The King of Swords shrugged.

"Nothing. Who says that I want to do anything?"

Saint Jest chuckled nervously.

"Yes, well… good. Doing something while we are in the key stage of the war would be unwise."

Anvil dismissed the dreadful sword and rose to his feet, looking west. There, the dome of the Hollows was sloping down, falling toward the ground. It was the boundary of the Breastbone Hollow, with a great dark fissure opening a path into the First Rib.

He shook his head.

"You don't have to worry."

With that, he turned around and headed toward the camp where the six Saints were preparing food.

Saint Jest looked at his back. 

A few moments later, he said quietly:

"I am not worried. It's just… you're breaking my damn heart."

Anvil smiled slightly and answered without ever turning his head:

"Stop pretending like you have a heart, old man. You're the one who taught me how to be heartless."

Jest sighed, then shook his head and followed.

"Respect your elders, brat... I mean, my king. In any case, I have the right to be sentimental in my advanced age, don't I? I won't be around for much longer, you know... so, how about you cut me some slack..."

Anvil answered indifferently:

"You're a Saint. Your lifespan is not even comparable to that of a mundane human, so stop pretending to be frail."

Jest chuckled.

"That's true, too... no, but why are you calling me an old man, then? I'm basically in my prime! How dare you!"

The King did not respond.




***
Chapter 2096: Island of Peace


***






After Condemnation was slain and its city was reduced to a black wasteland, nothing stood in the way of the King's plan to pass below the Lesser Crossing and attack the impregnable stronghold of the Song Army from the rear.

Except for the ancient jungle itself. 

The biggest threat had been eliminated, but the Hollows still remained a dark and deadly hell. The King and his Saints still had to clear a safe path for the soldiers, and that was a task of a much greater scale.

Various units of the Sword Army were secretly pulled back from both siege camps, starting to clear a subterranean pathway from Vanishing Lake to the entrance to the First Rib Hollow. No matter how fast they worked, it was still going to take them days, if not weeks, to ensure safe passage for the actual invasion force.

They were protected by the flying swords of the King, which moved like rivers above the cleared path, sometimes diving to the ground to eliminate unseen threats.

The Saints, meanwhile, were taming the surrounding jungle — hunting down ancient predators that dwelled beneath the scarlet canopy, uprooting man-eating trees, and eradicating swarms of abominable vermin.

Sunny had rarely spent such a prolonged period of time in the Hollows before, and all of it — the appalling scarlet jungle, the dim twilight of the great bone cavern, the torrents of swords flowing like torrents of steel high above — was starting to feel like a feverish nightmare.

But no matter how nightmarish the Hollows were, what was happening on the surface seemed far more dreadful.

There, the siege of the Two Crossings continued, with tired soldiers losing more of what little sanity they had left with each passing day.

The fearsome strongholds of the Song Army had already repelled countless assaults, stubbornly refusing to fall. No matter how the tactics of the besieging army evolved, the defenders never surrendered the ramparts. No matter how terribly the fortifications were damaged, they were repaired and reinforced each time.

The white bone was painted rust-red by blood, and the losses of both armies steadily continued to mount.

The Saints were forced to play a passive role in the slaughter, since neither of the Supremes could afford to lose any more of them to the ravages of war… unless there was no other choice, at least.

Strangely enough, doing nothing was far more demoralizing than risking their lives in battle would have been.

The Two Crossing had become a purgatory.

…On one of these ominous days, Nephis returned to the Ivory Tower after receiving the report on the casualties of the latest battle. Her expression was somber, and there were cold white flames burning in her beautiful eyes.

Instead of returning to her chambers immediately, she went to a dark hall where dozens of luminous Memories burned, surrounded by solemn shadows.

These Memories belonged to the Fire Keepers, and had been left here to indicate that their masters were still alive. Once an Awakened died, their Memories were destroyed — so, every time an enchanted lantern disappeared, it most likely signified the death of one of her warriors.

There had been almost fifty luminous Memories in the hall once. But now, a handful of them were gone, extinguished forever.

Nephis spent a long time looking at the levitating lanterns, her face motionless.

That was where Sunny found her after a while.

He glanced at the shining Memories, then walked over and placed his hands on her shoulders, massaging them gently.

"How bad were the casualties yesterday?"

Nephis let out a heavy sigh, then raised her hand and placed it on one of his own.

"As bad as we expected."

She lingered for a while, looking at the lanterns.

"...You know, there were more than a thousand people living in the Dark City before I came there."

Her voice grew a little lower.

"But by the time I was done with it, there were only a hundred."

And now, there were a few less.

Sunny was not sure if she was reminiscing about the fate of the Dreamer Army and the burden of leadership she had taken upon on the Forgotten Shore, or the responsibility for the Sword Army — and the Song Army, really — she was carrying at the moment. Perhaps it was both, and the parallel between the two.

Her shoulders were strong, but even Nephis felt oppressed by the weight of it all, sometimes.

Who wouldn't?

He embraced her from behind.

"There would have been none left without you."

And there would not be, perhaps.

Nephis leaned back a little and sighed.

"I know. But it doesn't make it easy."

Sunny remained still for a while, holding her softly, then drew away and smiled.

"Come. I prepared dinner, and it is waiting for you impatiently." 

The dishes he had prepared were all her favorites, of course… not that Nephis was very passionate about food. Still, that indifference of hers was slowly succumbing under his influence, so recently, she had been showing glimpses of enthusiasm about this and that.

Sunny led Nephis to the highest level of the Ivory Tower, where a scrumptious dinner was set out beautifully on the wooden table. They enjoyed it in an atmosphere that was not quite peaceful, considering the misery of the siege camp below, but close to it.

Despite everything, they made an effort not to discuss the war. That was somewhat of an unspoken rule instituted by Sunny — he did not want them to be the kind of people who could only talk about pragmatic matters, so they simply chatted about whatever came to their minds during the meals.

After all, Master Sunless was supposed to be Neph's small island of peace in the tumultuous waters of her dire life. If he could give her a few short moments of respite from the strenuous burdens she carried, then his job was done.

Which was why what he was about to tell her was hard to say.

Once they finished dinner, Sunny looked at Nephis, hesitated for a few moments, and then sighed.

"...I have to leave, for a short while."




***
Chapter 2097: Checklist


***






Nephis remained silent for a while, studying him calmly. Then, she raised an eyebrow.

"Leave?"

Sunny leaned back and sighed.

After collecting his thoughts, he spoke in a neutral tone:

"What happened in the Hollows… really put things in perspective, for me. Not only how fearsome the King of Swords is, but also how great the gap between the higher Ranks is. So, for the first time in a long while, I am craving power once again."

Nephis frowned, seemingly reluctant to let him go. Sunny did not know if that reluctance was merely his imagination, but he felt strangely uplifted by the idea that she was displeased at the idea of parting with him, even if it was for a short time.

"There are a couple of flaws in your reasoning. Firstly, it doesn't matter how great the distance between the Ranks is, because we… I… will confront the Sovereigns after attaining Supremacy myself. Secondly, you and I are different from the King of Swords, the Queen of Worms, and the other one. Because we are divine."

She meant their Divine Aspects, of course. Sunny had not made it secret that he, too, possessed one of those — in fact, he had not really needed to reveal it to Nephis. She had more or less figured it out on her own.

The Divine Aspects bestowed far greater potential on an Awakened, and both Sunny and Nephis had undergone countless ordeals and tribulations to realize that potential. They were also no mere Beasts, while Anvil, despite being a Supreme, still only possessed one soul core — that as well had contributed to the disparity between him and Condemnation.

There was some truth to her words.

Sunny smiled faintly.

"Plans go awry all the time, so there is no guarantee that our desire to attain Supremacy will be fulfilled in time. As for our divine powers… when has raw power ever been the deciding factor in anything? Both of us had made our living from slaying beings stronger than ourselves. I am reluctant to find myself on the opposite side of this equation."

Nephis suddenly chuckled.

"And, therefore, you want… to search for more power?"

He raised his hands and shrugged.

"What can I say, I'm a complicated man. At least I will be able to tell myself that I've done everything I could when I die."

She remained silent for a few moments, then nodded.

"So, where are you going to search for power?"

Sunny looked around the spacious, sunlit expanse of her chamber and lingered with the answer.

Eventually, he said simply:

"The Shadow Realm."

Nephis seemed startled for a moment.

"The… the realm of Shadow God?"

He smiled.

"Yes. Where else would a shadow like me go to find something like that?"

Then, Sunny sighed.

"To be honest, now that the final chapter of the war is approaching, I can't help but feel… incomplete. Because I've never managed to form my Titan Core. It is not that significant, in the greater scheme of things, true. But I am compelled to try."

He did not mention that it would be extremely dangerous… there was no need to. Danger was a given.

Nephis studied him for a while, then asked with a hint of hesitation in her voice:

"Why you? This you, I mean. You've… never used Master Sunless for such tasks."

Sunny smiled bitterly.

If he could, he would have allowed the humble shopkeeper… who had somehow managed to become a widely renowned Knight Commander of the Sword Army in the meantime… to stay away from anything having to do with combat and bloodshed. But he had little choice.

"What else can I do? The Lord of Shadow is in the Hollows, being watched closely by a Sovereign. I don't dare pull any of my incarnations away from there. The incarnation in the camp of the Song Army can't leave its post. I, however, am both available and known for locking myself in the basement for days on end. So, this is the best choice."

Nephis looked down, displeased.

Eventually,though, she sighed.

"Makes sense."

A few moments later, she looked at him again and asked:

"When are you leaving, then?"

Time was of the essence,so Sunny saw no reason to waste it.

He shrugged.

"Now."

She studied him silently for a while.

Then, Nephis leaned forward and smiled a little.

"How about leaving after breakfast?"

Sunny frowned.

"But we just had dinner."

Then, his expression changed.

"Oh."

And then changed some more.

"Sure. That's a great idea, as well…"

***

In the morning, Sunny gave a few instructions to Aiko and retreated into the basement of the Brilliant Emporium.

Once there, he made a few last preparations and steeled himself for battle.

The memory of having his chest pierced by an arrow soured his expression, but he still resolutely dismissed the Nebulous Mantle, manifesting the Onyx Mantle instead.

…It felt strange, to wear the fearsome black armor on his original body once again. Master Sunless had only existed briefly, but Sunny had grown used to his leisurely life. That persona of his was as much of a safe harbor for him as it, hopefully, was for Nephis.

But that time had come to an end. Even if he did not delve into the Shadow Realm now, Sunny was not sure how much longer Master Sunless could continue to exist. The resolution of the war, whatever it would be, was going to change a lot of things, so his fate — or lack thereof — was unpredictable.

After gathering his thoughts for a while, he manifested the gloomy shadow into an avatar and looked at him for a few moments.

"This… is going to hurt a lot, isn't it?"

His other self grinned darkly and answered in the same voice:

"Of course. Have you forgotten the last time?"

No, he had not forgotten. The Shadow Realm was a perilous place, and especially so for Sunny.

Out there, shadows were being disassembled into streams of essence by the Realm itself. Being a creature of flesh and bone slowed the process, somewhat, but it did not stop it.

Which meant that Sunny would be on a timer the moment he entered the Shadow Lantern. Worse than that, many of his powers would be too dangerous to use. He would not be able to use Shadow Step,build truly effective Shells, send his shadows to scout ahead, or even augment himself — or his Memories — with their power.

Ironically enough, the Shadow Realm — which was supposed to be his natural environment — put more restrictions on Sunny than the Dream Realm did.

And then there was the mysterious archer, as well.

Sunny smiled.

"Still. I can't help but feel strangely excited. We are finally going to explore a new place."

The second Sunny rolled his eyes.

"Curiosity killed the cat, you know."

Sunny nodded.

Then, he frowned.

"...What the hell is a cat?"

His other self laughed.

Perhaps it was a bit self-absorbed, to be laughing at his own jokes, but Sunny was nevertheless pleased with himself.

Raising a hand, he summoned the Shadow Lantern.




***
Chapter 2098: Prodigal Shadow Returns


***






Sunny prepared himself for battle before opening the gate of the Shadow Lantern.

He had no idea what would happen when it opened, after all. The mysterious archer had been able to send an arrow flying through the gate the last time — so, there was no guarantee that the unknown creature would not be able to escape the Shadow Realm itself if given an opportunity.

The battle could happen once Sunny passed through the Gate of Shadow, or it could happen right here, in the basement of the Brilliant Emporium. He had to be prepared either way.

Of course, there was also the possibility that nothing would happen.

A considerable amount of time had passed since Sunny's last attempt to explore the Shadow Realm. It was quite possible that the mysterious archer remained in the vicinity of the closed portal, waiting patiently for the door to open once again, but it was also possible that they had moved on.

However, Sunny highly doubted that the archer had left.

Firstly, it was because he himself would have remained in place, laying patiently in an ambush. Secondly, it was because of the nature of their first encounter.

Had the mysterious archer simply happened to be near the entrance to the Gate of Shadow when Sunny stepped through it? Perhaps. But it was far more likely that they had been waiting there on purpose, and for quite a long time — maybe having noticed the shadows Sunny used to send into the Lantern and call back at some point.

Looking at his avatar, he took a deep breath.

"If something happens, summon me back immediately."

The avatar smiled crookedly.

"Why? If I am slow to react and you happen to die out there… who knows, maybe I'll be the new original body. Wow, that sounds nice."

Sunny frowned.

"What are you talking about, bastard? If the original body is destroyed, all you shadows will become homeless. Then, the universe will evict you into the Shadow Realm, where you'll be repurposed into six pretty clouds of essence. So, don't you try anything!"

Then, he used the avatar to scoff at himself.

"Are you sure, though?"

Sunny looked at him, unamused.

"Ah, whatever. I'm tired of talking to myself."

With that, he hesitated for a few moments.

He wanted to manifest Serpent into its Soul Weapon form, but was not sure if his Shadows would be harmed by the Shadow Realm. It was a world where shadows were dissolved into pure essence, after all… even he himself would start crumbling as soon as he stepped inside, so what about his loyal minions?

'What was Shadow God even thinking…'

Why make his realm so inhospitable to his own children?

Shaking his head, Sunny manifested a shield out of the shadows populating the basement and gave his avatar one last glance before turning serious.

"I'm off."

Then, he commanded the gate of the Shadow Lantern to open, turned into a shadow himself, and slid into the dark chasm.

A few moments later, he found himself in a familiar, beautiful, harrowing land.

Swiftly assuming a corporeal form, Sunny crouched atop a tall mound. There was a desolate expanse of dark hills stretching in front of him in all directions, covered in darkness. There was no grass, no trees, no moss, and no flowers — no sign of life at all, just stillness and silence.

The ground was covered in a soft layer of fine black dust, and above him was a pitch-black sky. There were no stars and no moon, just a seemingly endless expanse of darkness, illuminated by the beautiful silver radiance of the distant essence storms.

There in the distance, tumultuous clouds of essence moved and swirled, as if carried by ghostly winds. The radiant currents were like beautiful rivers of starlight that illuminated the desolate land, making the immense, ancient shadows populating it flow and dance.

Once again, Sunny was stunned by how breathtaking that dark sight was.

But it was also dreadful, because he could sense the destructive fury of the essence storms even from a distance. It was both daunting and eerie, making him feel the chilling touch of primal fear.

At the same time, Sunny felt a flood of spirit essence flow into his soul, and a new strength permeate his body. Here in the Shadow Realm, he was within his source element. He was more powerful here than anywhere else, despite the many restrictions placed on him by the somber nature of this land.

The shadows that surrounded him were indescribably ancient and unfathomably deep. Their tranquil, slumbering indifference made him feel calm and at peace.

But it was all an illusion.

There was no peace in this desolate realm, and no reason to feel calm.

Almost as soon as Sunny appeared, a tiny mote of light rose from his arm and slowly drifted into the sky… that was the sign of his soul slowly being undone.

He gritted his teeth.

His visit to the Shadow Realm would be a race. The longer he remained here, the more shadow fragments he would lose — and if he lingered for too long, his soul might very well collapse entirely. So, his task was to absorb fragments faster than he was losing them.

And to do so, he had to find something to kill.

Which promised to be a dire task. After all, Sunny was stripped of most of his powers at the moment, all alone and lacking knowledge.

Dark arrows could start flying at him from the shadows at any moment.

…But they didn't.

In fact, when Sunny looked around, he realized that the surrounding landscape had changed drastically from the last time he saw it.

The surrounding hills had collapsed, and the ground was cracked. Here and there, great shards of obsidian lay buried in the black dusk, many of them shattered and by some terrible force. It was a scene of great devastation, making him feel like an essence storm had recently passed through this area.

But when he looked closely, he felt like that wasn't the case. Instead… it seemed as if a furious battle had taken place here not too long ago.

There was no sign of the mysterious archer, if they had even survived the devastation.

Staring at the vast expanse of upturned earth, Sunny lowered his shield a little.

He was quite stumped.

'What the hell happened here?'




***
Chapter 2099: Realm of Death


***






Sunny wanted to be safe and assess the situation slowly, but at the same time, the motes of light drifting into the darkness from time to time reminded him that his soul was gradually falling apart. So, he cursed quietly and descended from the tall mound of obsidian dust to explore the area.

Luckily, there was still nobody around. No one tried to pierce his heart with an arrow, either… instead, Sunny was surrounded only by silence.

After investigating the devastated swath of the dark land, he grew more convinced that a battle had happened here. The forces involved were truly fearsome, reshaping the entire landscape, but there were no bodies left laying on the ground, no sign of blood, and no traces that could tell him what exactly had transpired.

Except for one.

Kneeling in the black dust, Sunny picked up something from the ground.

A raven's feather… just like the fletching of the dark arrows he brought with him from the Shadow Realm the last time.

After sifting through the dust for a few more minutes, he discovered a few more pieces of the arrow — the shaft was broken, and the obsidian arrowhead had shattered, seemingly failing to pierce the target.

He studied the remains of the arrow with a somber expression. Another mote of light drifted into the black sky, its silver shine reflecting in the jagged obsidian for a short moment.

'Huh.'

It seemed that the mysterious archer had met something even more terrible. Sunny was not sure whether he was supposed to be happy or disturbed by the fact… not being ambushed the moment he appeared was certainly a nice surprise, but knowing that there were even deadlier beings nearby made him wary.

On the other hand…

That meant he had more things to kill, and these things were somewhere close.

'No time to waste.'

Standing up, Sunny studied the ground.

The traces might not have told him how the battle had transpired, exactly, but they did tell him one thing — the direction in which the unknown adversaries left.

So, Sunny followed in the same direction, running noiselessly through the darkness.

The newfound power filled his body, and his speed was even greater than what he was usually capable of — which had already been quite astonishing, considering his Rank and Class.

Traversing great distances each minute, Sunny swiftly moved across the desolate landscape of the Shadow Realm. The scenery around him did not change that much, or at all. The same dark hills surrounded him from all sides, and there was no sign of any life or movement. The black sky hung above him, illuminated by the distant storms.

The devastation he had witnessed near the entrance to the Gate of Shadow persisted along his path. It was more subtle in some places and much more intense in others. Many hills of obsidian dust had been destroyed, and the ground itself cracked open, the shadows flowing into the cracks to populate them comfortably.

The longer Sunny observed the signs left behind by the unknown combatants, the more disturbed he became. The power they exhibited was truly terrifying, making him feel more and more apprehension about having to face them in battle.

At some point, Sunny suddenly froze, sensing the shadows ahead of him move. He hesitated for a bit, then used some of the surrounding darkness to reform his crumbling shield and stealthily moved forward.

Traveling a few kilometers, he approached the source of movement and came to an abrupt halt.

His expression changed subtly.

Out there in front of him, scattered across the desolate land, countless black figures were moving slowly. Their shapes were vague and unclear, but unmistakably human.

They were shadows.

The shadows were walking in a single direction — the same direction he had been heading — with slow, unsteady steps. They belonged to living beings… or had belonged to living beings, at least. However, there was no spark of life about them, no hint of intelligence, no… intent. They seemed strangely peaceful, but also empty, like lost and muted echoes of what they had been once.

If anything, what they resembled most were the silent shadows that populated Sunny's soul sea.

These shadows, however, were emanating a soft shine. As they walked, trails of light particles were drifting behind them, rising into the sky. It was as if the black figures were wreathed in silver flames, dissolving slowly into the radiance.

As Sunny watched, several shadows dissolved completely, turning into pure essence. The sparks of essence were then scattered by the wind, leaving only emptiness behind…

A moment later, a few more shadows followed.

Some disappeared swiftly, and some disappeared a little slower. But in both cases, It seemed that their time here was brief, and they were not destined to reach whatever destination they were seeking.

Sunny studied the wandering shadows for a few more moments, then let out a sigh and looked away.

It wasn't hard to recognize them for what they were.

They were the shadows of the Awakened soldiers who had perished in the recent battle, and were being reduced to streams of pure essence by the Shadow Realm.

'It's the realm of the dead.'

Just like Odysseus had once descended into the underworld and met the shadows of the dead, so did Sunny now descend into the realm of death.

It was just that these shadows were not interested in living blood, and would not regain their memories after drinking it. If anything, they seemed perfectly at peace in their slow annihilation, not paying it any attention.

Sunny closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them again and continued on his journey. He passed between the wandering shadows, feeling eerily like one of them, and soon left them behind.

Eventually, he noticed a strange anomaly just over the horizon.

Out there, far ahead, a pale light seemed to illuminate the sky.

Sunny leaped into the air, soaring dozens of meters high and landing on the crest of a hill. There, he remained motionless for a while, studying the distant light, then frowned and raced toward it.

As he rushed stealthily across the sea of obsidian dust, the pale radiance seemed to move, as well. Luckily, his speed was greater, so it slowly drew nearer.

Soon enough, he managed to discern the source of the beautiful light — it was a great plume of shimmering soul essence rising into the black sky. However, the torrent of essence was much smaller than the storm clouds moving in the distance, and did not possess any of their chilling fury, either.

Increasing his speed, Sunny rushed forward like lightning and soon crested another tall hill.

He finally saw the source of the pillar of essence...

And flinched, taken aback.

'...I'll be damned.'

There, in the distance, a colossal shadow was walking across the desolate expanse, towering above it at several kilometers in height.

It was the shadows of Condemnation.




***
Chapter 2100: Wolves of Shadow Realm


***






The shadow of Condemnation looked different from before, but it was unmistakably the same being.

The titanic figure moved across the desolate expanse of obsidian dunes with deceptively slow movements, each of its steps making the world quake. It was woven out of shadows, black dust, immense fragments of obsidian, and wind. Unlike the shadows of the Awakened soldiers, which were vague and unclear, this one was almost perfectly intact.

Myriads of essence spark were drifting into the black sky from its surface, trailing behind the shadow of the Cursed Tyrant like a billowing plume. The sight of it — the dark desolate land, the gargantuan black figure walking across it, the radiant torrents of silver light swirling around it like flame — were awesome and eerily beautiful, but also terrifying.

For a moment, Sunny wondered why he had been able to stumble upon both the shadows of the fallen soldiers of Godgrave and the shadow of Condemnation. The Shadow Realm was vast, after all, so what were the chances?

There were a couple possible answers.

One was that the Gate of Shadow sent him to a location that correlated to Godgrave, and therefore, everything that died near him there naturally entered the same corner of the Realm of Death.

Another answer was that the Gate of Shadow was simply located near the entrance to the Shadow Realm, and the shadows of all beings entered this dark land somewhere near. If so, then Sunny was currently on the outskirts of the Shadow Realm, and the direction in which the wandering shadows were walking was, perhaps, its heart.

In any case, the shadow of Condemnation was different from those tranquil, empty shadows he had seen before.

Not only was it dissolving into essence at a much, much slower rate — so slow, in fact, that it would probably take it countless years to disappear completely — but it was also not as empty as they were.

Death was a weapon that destroyed Corruption, so the shadow of Condemnation was not really a Nightmare Creature. However, it seemed to have retained much more of its former master than the shadows of Awakened warriors. Sunny could sense a distant, subdued hint of the same harrowing will that he had felt in the Hollows emanating from the titanic shadow.

It seemed like the will of a deity transcended even death, having been inherited by its shadow at least partially.

The shadow of Condemnation seemed to possess some agency.

However…

Sunny suddenly paled and took a step back.

That was not going to save it.

'W—what the hell is this…'

After witnessing the colossal shadow, Sunny guessed that the devastation he had witnessed was the result of the battle between the shadow of Condemnation and the mysterious archer. After all, that archer had attacked Sunny on sight… why would the shadow of a Cursed Tyrant would be different?

But the truth was more complicated.

Because there were more participants in this battle than he had anticipated.

The battle was still raging on. As the shadow of Condemnation walked across the dark desolate expanse, it was beset by eerie beings that made Sunny's blood run cold.

These beings were quite immense themselves, each hundred meters across. They were formless and shapeless, woven entirely out of darkness, and moved across the black dunes as if carried by a ghostly wind.

Catching up with the titanic shadow, they soared into the air like giant shrouds of impenetrable darkness, then fell onto its body while changing shape. Countless black tendrils shot forward to burrow into the titanic shadow, and the dark drifters attached themselves to its surface like leeches, biting out enormous pieces of Condemnation's flesh. They were devouring it alive.

Or at least trying to.

The shadow of the Cursed Tyrant was not idle. Continuing to walk in the same direction, it moved its hands slowly, trying to intercept and destroy the appalling beings. A few of them had already been destroyed, but a few more were continuing to cruelly rip into the titanic shadow, consuming it piece by piece.

Like predators stalking prey.

Sunny shuddered.

A few things became apparent to him at the same time.

The first was that the Shadow Realm was not as empty as he had thought. The shadow of Condemnation, which had belonged to a Cursed being, seemed to have retained some of its will. So, there could be other conscious beings in this desolate land.

And just like Sunny, they probably needed to consume fragments to prevent themselves from crumbling.

He was not sure of a lot of things, but he was certain that Cursed beings did not die often. Therefore, the appearance of the shadow of Condemnation must have been like an irresistible lure to all the horrors dwelling in this corner of the Shadow Realm, calling them to one location to enjoy the rare feast.

But what were they?

Shadows of ancient beings, just like Condemnation? Actual shadow creatures like Nightmare or Serpent? Nightmare Creatures?

Or something else entirely?

He did not know… yet.

But he was going to have to find out.

For one simple reason…

If these harrowing things were trying to devour the shadow of Condemnation, it meant that Sunny could consume it, too. He had no chance whatsoever of defeating a Cursed Tyrant… but the shadow of one?

That was in the realm of possibility, at least, especially considering that the dark drifters had already weakened it, and would continue to do so.

Sunny studied the colossal shadow, feeling an almost overwhelming greed.

The shadow of a Cursed Tyrant… if he destroyed it, or at least landed the last hit on it, then how many shadow fragments would he receive?

It would not be just a few dozen, how it would have happened with an ordinary being. Because Sunny received his fair share of fragments when killing things similar to himself, just like humans received a portion of all the accumulated soul fragments when killing other humans.

So… thousands, probably.

His eyes glistened in the darkness.

'I must be the one to finish it off, at all costs.'

Sunny almost readied himself to rush forward when he noticed a sudden shift in the cadence of the titanic battle far in the distance.

Another dark drifter soared into the air, ready to bite a huge chunk out of Condemnation…

When something streaked across the black sky, colliding with it and tearing the creature apart. The wounded horror fell to the ground in a torrent of darkness.

It had been hit by an arrow.

Sunny tilted his head a little.

'Well, well.'

It seemed that the mysterious archer was still in the fray.




***
Chapter 2101: Creatures of Darkness


***






The wounded being collapsed to the ground, covering it like a tattered veil of darkness. A moment later, the darkness rippled, and then something rose slowly from within it. From the distance, it looked as if an abominable shape was rising from the ground, still covered by the torn veil and pulling it up with it…

But in truth, the eerie figure was not climbing out of the darkness. Instead, it was darkness itself, reforming itself into a new shape.

Soon enough, a dreadful beast was standing on the obsidian dune, hundred of meters tall, its four mighty paws digging into the black dust with sharp claws. Its maw was like that of a wolf, and billowing tendrils of darkness fluttered in the air behind it like a tattered mantle.

The great beast gazed upon the desolation of the Shadow Realm with lightless eyes, and then raised its snout to the black sky, letting out a harrowing wail.

Even from a distance, Sunny felt a dull pain assault his soul after the wail washed over him.

'Ah…'

He shifted his gaze, trying to understand what the Rank and Class of the appalling creature were. What was its nature? Was it a shadow, as well, or something else entirely? Was it infected by the vile curse of Corruption, or not?

Sunny was not sure that anything except shadows could enter the Realm of Death… or at least endure it for a while. Perhaps creatures of immense power, like Condemnation had been, could — but those were few and far between.

So, reasonably, the dark drifters had to be either shadows of the dead, like the shadow of Condemnation was, or beings of shadow like him.

However…

There was something about them that made Sunny feel appalled and uneasy. Could they be Nightmare Creatures? He was not sure.

Death had been created as a weapon against Corruption, and by dying, those afflicted by Corruption were cleansed of it. Therefore, the shadows of Nightmare Creatures were pure when they entered the Shadow Realm… and if beings of shadow were born from the shadows of the dead, then perhaps that was the reason why he had never seen one that succumbed to Corruption.

Perhaps that was the reason why he had never met a shadow being in the Dream Realm, as well. After all, after thousands of years of desolation, only those twisted by Corruption population its harrowing expanse… the Nightmare Creatures.

That said, nothing was truly immune to the profane influence of the primordial void… well, except for Nephis. Even Weaver had been forced to cut off their arm when exposed to Corruption, and so, Sunny was not going to bet his life on the notion that shadow beings could not be corrupted.

Gazing into the very essence of the dark drifter…

He saw something that he had not expected to see.

He saw nothing.

There was no light shining from the radiant soul cores. There was no vile corruption spreading from appalling nodes, either.

Instead, there was only darkness.

Not the vile darkness he had seen in the souls of countless Nightmare Creatures, but the cold and impenetrable darkness that made it impossible for him to see anything within the monstrous beast.

True darkness.

Sunny remained motionless for a few moments, stunned.

'...Creatures of darkness?'

Before, his view of the world had been quite simple. There were humans, and there were Nightmare Creatures — and that was it. But as Sunny traveled the Dream Realm and saw more, he learned that the world was not that simple.

There were other kinds of being out there, somewhere, as well. There were Chaos Creatures — the Void Beings — who existed in the Void. There were also beings that were both divine and profane, and therefore did not fit either description, like the mysterious nephilim. There were beings of nothingness, too, whom he had encountered in the mist above the Hollow Mountains.

There were also beings of divinity other than humans — the noble creatures, as the ancient people of the Dream Realm had called them. Among those, there were beings of shadow like himself.

So, if there existed Shadow Creatures… wouldn't it be only natural that Darkness Creatures existed, as well?

Like the horror Nephis had met in her Second Nightmare.

If the dark drifters were indeed beings born of true darkness, though, Sunny had two questions… three questions, actually.

First, were they divine or profane? True darkness had been born from the blood of a slain Void Being, after all. So, these predatory horrors could be both or neither. They could even be considered born of the Void, instead of only corrupted by its influence, like Nightmare Creatures were.

Second, what were they doing in the Shadow Realm? Shadows and true darkness were natural enemies, so it was strange to see beings of darkness here — let alone see them preying on the shadow of Condemnation, trying to devour it piece by piece.

How would they even enter the Realm of Death without being dead themselves? Sunny was not sure, but his suspicion that these were the outskirts of the Shadow Realm grew.

And lastly, the third and most important question...

How was he supposed to kill them?

If the dark drifters were indeed beings of true darkness, then slaying them would not bring Sunny the windfall of shadow fragments he had been expecting. Nevertheless, he had to slay them — for no other reason than to prevent them from destroying the shadow of Condemnation, which he wanted to destroy himself.

'That... is going to be tough.'

He was not even sure how strong these creatures were, but something told him that they were dreadfully powerful — well, the only evidence he needed was witnessing how much the shadow of a Cursed Tyrant was struggling to escape their pursuit.

And then there was the mysterious archer, as well.

Even now that Sunny had observed the battle carefully, he could not see them — which was quite odd, really, considering that his gaze could pierce any shadow.

He was wary of the archer even more than he was of the dark drifters.

'Damn it.'

Seeing another mote of light drift from beneath his armor, Sunny gritted his teeth and rushed forward.




***
Chapter 2102: Adversary


***






As Sunny rushed to reach the colossal shadow of Condemnation, he almost turned into a shadow to increase his speed and hide himself from view, acting on instinct. However, he did not — doing so would allow the Shadow Realm to ravage his soul and set him far back in the race against time.

Of course, there was the other facet of Shadow Step, as well — the instant teleportation between shadows. However, Sunny was not sure that he could use it.

Only now that he was in the Shadow Realm did he start to wonder how Shadow Step actually functioned. Did Sunny travel physically between shadows, or did he turn into a shadow when falling into their embrace, then was returned to his tangible form on the other side — all in an instant?

There was one way to find out…

Sunny dissolved into the shadows, then rolled out of them a few hundred meters further, pale and leaving a trail of essence particles in his wake. There was a pained grimace on his face.

'I guess that answers the question. Maybe?'

Using Shadow Step to teleport was even more harmful than turning into an incorporeal shadow. He had lost too many shadow fragments in that short moment.

Muttering a stifled curse, Sunny jumped to his feet and continued running.

Stripped of most of his powers, he felt like a caveman.

But then again, cavemen had been great masters of violence themselves. He would just have to use simpler tools to accomplish his goal, and be more inventive about how he used them.

As Sunny ran, the great beast of darkness lowered its wolf-like snout to the ground, and then suddenly exploded with motion. The long tendrils of darkness billowed behind it like a tattered mantle, and black dust flew into the air like mist from beneath its mighty paws.

The dark drifter looked like a hound of the Underworld who had caught the scent of its prey.

That prey, without a doubt, was the mysterious archer.

However, they were not easily caught.

As the great beast flew across the desolate expanse of black dust, a dark arrow silently shot at it from the shadows. As astonishing as its speed was, the massive being was faster — it veered off to the side, raising a cloud of dust and causing a tall dune to collapse.

However, that was a mistake.

Just there, the ground crumbled beneath it, and the monstrous being fell into an enormous pit. On its bottom, jagged pillars of obsidian were embedded into the dust, facing upward with sharp tips. The great beast plunged into the pit and was impaled by the spikes, making the world quake and letting out another chilling wail.

It was not dead by any means. But it did sustain several deep wounds, and more importantly, fell behind — for a few moments, at least.

The shadow of Condemnation marched forward, and the remaining dark drifters continued to dodge its attempts to crush them while tearing pieces of its titanic body with hungry maws.

Sunny continued to chase them… the mysterious archer was doing the same, no doubt.

The problem was that he still couldn't see the elusive hunter.

'I have to get these things off Condemnation soon, though. At this rate, they'll swallow my prey whole.'

Just at that moment, the archer finally revealed themselves.

A new arrow suddenly streaked across the darkness — this one was different from the previous ones, shining brightly as it soared into the black sky. Breaching several kilometers in an instant, it left a trail of turbulence in the great plume of essence emanated by the shadow of Condemnation, and embedded itself in its shoulder.

Unlike the black arrows, this one seemed to be carved from bone, its fletching fashioned out of beautiful, pristine white feathers.

A moment later, a radiant silver string revealed itself in the trail left behind by the bone arrow, manifesting itself from pure essence.

With one pull of the string, the mysterious archer sent themselves soaring into the sky.

Sunny saw a vague silhouette flying across the darkness. It landed on the shoulder of the dark colossus and straightened slowly, finally revealed against the swirling torrent of radiant silver essence.

The graceful figure of the nebulous archer was human in shape, but vague and unclear, obscured by wisps of dark smoke that fluttered behind it like a ragged cloak. It was a shadow, without a doubt… but quite a special one, emanating a sense of far clearer will, far sharper intent, and far more solid personality than even the shadow of Condemnation did.

If Sunny had to describe the shadow archer with one word, it would be… slayer.

Their figure was full of cold resolve, savage killing intent, and threatening grace.

The archer spent a short moment standing on the shoulder of Condemnation, then swiftly bent down to retrieve the radiant arrow and disappeared from view.

In the next moment, there was a sharp whistle of the air being cut, and one of the dark drifters attached to the body of the colossal shadow suddenly shuddered and fell down in a torrent of darkness, flailing its severed tendrils as it fell.

Sunny gritted his teeth.

'So much damn competition!'

It would be bad if the dark drifters consumed the shadow of Condemnation. It would be even worse if the archer killed it, since as a shadow themselves, they would absorb all its power in an instant!

But what was he supposed to do?

Stripped of his powers as he was, Sunny was not confident of prevailing in a battle against the harrowing Darkness Creatures. He was even more wary of the archer, who seemed like a ruthless slayer forged by the desolate cruelty of the Shadow Realm into a deadly fiend.

That horror must have spent a long time here — thousands of years, perhaps — slowly dissolving into pure essence while hunting down other shadows to prolong its existence. The mere fact that it still existed was a testament to how lethal the archer was.

'If the archer can do it, then I can too.'

Sunny's eyes glistened with dark resolve.

His adversary must have been just as constricted by the nature of the Shadow Realm as he was. However, the archer was… scrappy, and resourceful. They scavenged the Shadow Realm for materials, crafted deadly implements from what was at hand, and prepared cunning traps to lure their prey into.

So, Sunny could do that, too.

Just as he thought that, his shadow sense detected something strange in the distance, just beyond the horizon.

Looking up, Sunny lingered for a moment and smiled.

A perilous idea entered his mind.




***
Chapter 2103: The Ride of the Shadows


***






Sunny was up against enemies whose power was well beyond his own. He was not sure what their Rank and Class were — if they could even be defined by these concepts — but both the Dark Ones and the nebulous slayer seemed far more threatening than most foes he had encountered before.

Perhaps Sunny would have been willing to attack them openly if his own powers weren't restricted, but with the Shadow Realm limiting what he could do, he was wary and apprehensive about engaging his competitors in a direct confrontation.

But that was alright.

There were many indirect ways to achieve his goal, as well. Sunny simply had to take a page from the mysterious archer's book and use all the resources available to him as tools — tools, after all, were a force multiplier that allowed one to channel their power to a much greater effect than would have been possible otherwise.

It was like Morgan of Valor had told him once, a long time ago, before the Battle of the Black Skull. At its core, war was simple. All there was to it was power, and application of power — the former was important, but the latter was paramount.

The mysterious archer, for example, would not have been nearly as deadly without the arrows they had crafted from scavenged materials, which allowed them to apply all their dire power to a point as tiny as the arrowhead's tip.

The problem was that there were not a lot of things around that Sunny could use. The Shadow Realm was a desolate land, after all. There was nothing here but an endless expanse of black hills...

Or rather, there had not been.

As the shadow of Condemnation marched forward like a walking mountain, too immense to even be seen in its entirety from where Sunny chased after it, his senses detected something far ahead. An anomaly that was different from the monotone desolation of the dark, barren land, and therefore promised possibility.

Sensing the strange, monumental shape ahead, Sunny recognized its nature and took a deep breath.

He had long discarded his shield. The manifested shadows were not eroded by the Shadow Realm as fast as the shadows of living beings were, but sustaining their shape was still a losing game. They crumbled slowly, eventually dissolving into darkness and becoming one with the land of death.

It was not entirely impossible to use Shadow Manifestation here, but Sunny had to change his approach. Instead of manifesting shadows once, he had to constantly rebuild the crumbling construct, using more of the surrounding darkness — and therefore more of his essence — to fuel it.

Luckily, an unceasing torrent of spirit essence was flowing into his soul here, so he had plenty to spare.

Running up the slope of a hill with astonishing speed, he closed his eyes for a moment and remembered the radiant figure of Nephis as she descended from the sky, beautiful wings shining behind her like a halo of white light.

He also remembered the demonic visage of Revel, and the furious battle they had fought at Vanishing Lake.

He remembered using Shadow Dance to peer into the essence of their being.

Then, cresting the steep dune, Sunny opened his eyes and leapt into the air. As he soared above the desolate expanse of black dust, the shadows moved around him, embracing him like a dark mantle.

And then, the mantle of shadows manifested into a pair of tenebrous wings, the raven-black feathers glistening in the silver light of swirling essence.

As they swung, a powerful gale rose above the desolate expanse, and he was propelled into the air with great speed.

'I think… it's working.'

Human bodies were not exactly meant to fly with the help of wings. After all, humans weren't birds — their entire anatomy, down to the composition of their bones, was different. People like Nephis and Revel had been bestowed their wings by the mystical power of their Aspects, and could therefore brave the skies with natural grace...

But Sunny was different.

He was quite adept at manifesting and controlling additional limbs with the help of his Aspect — that was how he was able to weave intricate patterns of essence strings with six hands. He also knew how to create Shells of flying creatures and was deeply familiar with the shape of a crow, so the anatomy of winged beings was not new to him.

However, it was always easier and far more effective to build Shells in the faithful image of actual creatures, not create strange chimeras by mixing and matching parts of different ones, like what he was doing now due to being unable to follow his preference and assume the form of a swift crow.

Nevertheless, the experiment was successful. Sunny had managed to teach himself how to fly with the help of a pair of mighty wings by combining his experience of controlling manifested limbs, familiarity with the shape of a crow, and intimate knowledge of how Nephis flew when assuming partial Transformation.

As his black wings pushed ferociously against the wind, Sunny flew forward with astonishing speed. He had no problem maintaining balance and direction due to having spent plenty of time in the shape of a crow, as well — swiftly overtaking the colossal shadow of Condemnation and the figures battling for the right to consume it, he rushed ahead.

As he did, the dark drifter whom the mysterious archer had severed from the body of Condemnation fell to the ground like a great tattered veil. Its vast form rippled, ready to slither back into the fight. Even though its tendrils had been severed, the creature did not seem severely wounded, already aiming to rejoin its feasting siblings.

However, in the next moment, the gargantuan foot of the shadow of Condemnation fell on it, making the world tremble and splitting the earth. The creature of darkness was instantly obliterated, dissolving into a pool of elemental darkness.

Sunny left the titanic shadow behind.

Flying forward, he shot above the silent expanse of obsidian dust like a ghost, his winged figure utterly indistinguishable from the darkness of the black sky.

Soon, he saw a massive shape in the distance.

It stood out against the desolate expanse of dark hills due to its ivory color, stretching for a dozen kilometers or more.

At first glance, the shape was quite repulsive, resembling a gargantuan millipede — a long and twisting white body was elevated above the black dust, unmoving, with countless limbs protruding along its great length in symmetrical pairs.

However, it was not a millipede. Instead…

It was the bones of a great serpent. The twisting white body was its spine, and the countless pairs of limbs were its ribs. Somewhere far ahead, its immense skull rested on the black dust, partially buried in it.

That was what Sunny was aiming for.

Folding his wings, he smiled darkly and dove to the ground.




***
Chapter 2104: Killing Tools


***






Sunny landed on the obsidian dust in front of the gargantuan Serpent's skull, which towered above him like an ivory mountain. The lower jaw of the immense creature was buried in the dust, but its upper jaw loomed above him like a dark portal, its arch adorned by a palisade of great, terrifying fangs.

Sunny let his wings crumble and dissolve, then allowed himself a few moments of contemplation as he studied the ancient remains.

He had a good idea of whom these bones belonged to…

They were the bones of a Soul Serpent. Not the Soul Serpent, but one of its kin.

It made sense that Sunny was not unique in having received the companionship of a Shadow Guide. In fact, Soul Serpent was too perfectly matched to someone who had received the blessing of the God of Shadows — so, Sunny suspected that all those marked by Shadow God were bestowed a Soul Serpent of their own.

Just like those marked by the Lord of Shadows received a small shadow snake.

However…

If these remains indeed belonged to one of Soul Serpent's predecessors, then it had been a far more terrifying creature than Sunny's own loyal Shadow.

His Soul Serpent had grown to truly immense size, coiling around the entire great hall of the Nameless Temple when it slept. Its maw was large enough to swallow armored APCs whole, and its scales were like precious onyx, each the size of a tower shield.

However, Serpent was easily dwarfed by the ancient skeleton, seeming like a tiny worm at best in comparison. The remains in front of Sunny were truly gargantuan, twisting as they stretched for no less than a dozen kilometers…

Sunny was a Transcendent Terror, and since Serpent's power depended on his own… he cowered to imagine to whom this enormous creature had been a companion to, thousands of years ago.

Was it the progenitor of all Soul Serpents, or simply an especially distinguished member of their kind?

More importantly, had it been able to exist in the Shadow Realm without being consumed by it, or had it come here to die after its master perished? Depending on the answer, Sunny could try to find a way to summon his own Soul Serpent here without sacrificing it to certain annihilation.

In any case, that was not the issue at the moment.

The issue at the moment was that the shadow of Condemnation was still marching despite having become a battlefield for the nebulous slayer and the harrowing dark drifters, and all of them would reach the skeleton of the ancient serpent soon.

Sunny did not have a lot of time.

'Let's do this.'

What he needed right now were deadly tools to slay his enemies, not esoteric knowledge about the secrets of the past.

Taking a deep breath, he called upon the surrounding darkness and commanded it to embrace him as a Shell. The process was both familiar and strange — it had been a long time since Sunny ventured to construct a Shadow Shell in such a crude way, remaining in its depths as a corporeal being instead of turning into an intangible shadow and becoming its natural part.

He was a little rusty.

Nevertheless, the Shell swiftly built itself, embracing his body and assuming the shape of the Shadow Colossus. Sunny had to shift his way of controlling it, though, adjusting for the fact that the manifested shadows continued to crumble. They longed to dissolve and return into the essence of the Shadow Realm, and so, he had to pull and manifest new shadows to replace them constantly.

From the side, that process looked quite spectacular — it was as if the Shadow Colossus was wreathed in a billowing mantle of ghostly dark smoke that trailed behind him and obfuscated his figure.

For a moment, Sunny felt dire strength permeate his being.

Then, he smiled darkly deep within the Shell and moved, delivering a devastating blow to one of the ivory fangs that barred the entrance into the ancient serpent's maw.

His strength was terrible enough that the great fang was dislodged, falling to the ground and raising a cloud of black dust into the air.

The arm of the Shadow Colossus crumbled from the dreadful blow, and he pulled his hand back, reforming it in the process.

A few moments later, Sunny delivered another terrible blow, and then a third one, dislodging one more fang.

Using his newfound strength to raise them from the ground and put them on his shoulders, he looked up, lingered for a heartbeat, and then leapt into the air.

Landing on top of the ancient skull, Sunny pushed his towering Shell forward and jumped again, landing on the gargantuan serpent's spine.

From there, he could already see the shadow of Condemnation lumbering in the distance. The beautiful trail of essence was drifting behind it like a radiant river, and a furious battle was raging on its immense body.

He could not see the figure of the mysterious archer anymore, but could guess their location based on the movements of the dark drifters. There were only three of them left in the fight, while the fourth one — the Wolf — was rushing across the desolate expanse of obsidian dust to catch up with its siblings.

One of the dark drifters was sticking to the abdomen of Condemnation, tearing into it with countless appalling maws. Sunny decided to call it the Leech. One more was drifting in the air like a great veil. Suddenly, the veil shrunk and twisted on itself, enormous wings sprouting from its depths — using them, the creature dodged back and avoided the grasp of the Cursed Tyrant.

Sunny decided to call that one the Vulture.

Another one was like a mass of seething darkness, climbing the torso with countless tendrils that shot out of its body, pulled it up, and then were absorbed back — that one was obviously going after the archer, which was evident by the arrows falling upon it from Condemnation's left shoulder.

Sunny had no idea what to call that abominable thing, so he simply designated it as the Thing.

Spending a moment to study the dire situation, Sunny put the fangs of the ancient serpent down and concentrated, manifesting more shadows.

The mysterious archer seemed to be doing fine against the dark drifters with the bow and arrow. But the appalling creatures still continued to devour pieces of Condemnation, undeterred by the ruthless enemy.

'Let me show you how it's done, then...'

Manifesting a great span of tangible shadows into a semblance of a chain, Sunny altered its composition to impart a measure of elasticity to it, and then controlled the ends of the chain to wrap themselves around the bases of the ancient serpent's rib.

Then, nocking one of the fangs on the chain, he gathered all his titanic strength and slowly, arduously took a few dozen steps back, straining the elasticity of his improvised string.

That way, he had turned the gargantuan remains into his slingshot, and the fang of the ancient serpent into a dreadful projectile.

'...Taste that!'

Grinding his teeth from the strain, Sunny finally released the chain and allowed it to snap back with terrible momentum, sending the great fang barreling through the air like a missile shot by an enormous, dreadful siege engine.

There was a roaring thunderclap, and in the next moment…

The ivory comet tore through the black sky of the Shadow Realm, striking the Vulture from the back, breaking its wings, and impaling the appalling creature on the body of Condemnation.




***
Chapter 2105: No Good Deed


***






The Vulture was like a pitch-black rag that was violently pinned to the nebulous surface of the shadow of Condemnation — of course, if that rag was large enough to cover an entire stadium with its dark expanse, rippling eerily in a ghostly wind. The impact tore its wings and slammed the creature into the colossal shadow, the ivory fang piercing and impaling it like a giant javelin.

Sunny was not sure if he had managed to deal a grievous wound to the dark creature, but he knew that it was hurt.

More importantly, it was immobilized, even if it was only for a few fleeting moments.

Already, the Vulture was moving, its voluminous body rippling to produce countless tendrils of darkness. The tendrils extended forward, found purchase on the flesh of Condemnation, and then strained, trying to pull the creature of the ivory fang.

Sunny was not paying too much attention to its movements, though…

That was because he was already loading the second fang into his slingshot.

There was a reason why he had chosen to use the fangs of the ancient serpent as projectiles instead of simply manifesting several great javelins, each the size of a siege ram, from the endless expanse of shadows around him. Even though the fangs weren't ideally shaped, as far as missiles went, he knew that they would be far more deadly.

For two reasons.

First of all, manifested shadows were less reliable here in the Shadow Realm than they usually were.

They were firm and solid for as long as he actively rebuilt and sustained them, but only just barely. He could summon a pair of tenebrous wings or form a Shadow Shell, yet there was a limit to their usefulness — the arm of the Shadow Colossus, for example, had crumbled after one blow when he was dislodging the fangs of the colossal serpent. That level of solidity was not exactly suitable for battle. 

Secondly, Sunny was borrowing deadliness from the fangs themselves. He did not know how terrible the ancient serpent had been when it was alive, exactly, but it had definitely been a being of immense power. Even though it had perished countless years ago, its remains still carried an echo of that unfathomable power.

There was a reason why the arrows crafted by the mysterious archer were so deadly, and while being imbued with killing will played a large role, the materials from which they had been fashioned were also of great importance.

Glossy obsidian, dark wood, and black feathers — all collected here, in the Realm of Death, and thus bearing its mark.

What could be more deadly than the bones of an ancient Soul Serpent, then? Since Sunny needed help eliminating the predatory spawns of true darkness, he could as well call upon the remains of a being who had personified the very essence of death.

His gamble appeared to have paid off, considering how hurt by the ivory fang the Vulture seemed.

It struggled to free itself, arduously dragging its rippling body along the fang's length…

But before it could, the second one slammed into it, smashing the creature back down and piercing it through.

Sunny allowed himself to grin fiercely in the depths of his Shell. The shadow of Condemnation had drawn much closer by then, so hitting the Vulture for the second time had not been an easy task.

'Get away from my prey, you bastard!'

He could probably use his slingshot one more time...

With the Vulture wounded and temporarily immobilized, the mysterious archer would be free to deal with the Thing without distractions, too. Sunny would not call their forced alliance a partnership, but they had to deal with the dark drifters before lunging at each other's throats. Otherwise, the shadow of Condemnation was going to be consumed by the Dark Ones before either of them could kill it.

The enemy of his enemy was…

Before Sunny could finish the thought, something streaked across the black expanse of the sky, and an arrow pierced the chest of his Shadow Shell.

'...Huh?'

In the next moment, a terrifying impact tore the Shadow Colossus apart. A geyser of darkness burst from its back as its torso exploded violently. Bits of the Onyx Mantle shot in all directions like shrapnel, and while the lower half of the Shell was tossed down, the upper half flew high into the air, both mangled beyond recognition and bleeding shadows.

The deformed remnants of the Shadow Colossus crumbled and dissolved into nothingness, while Sunny slid across the spine of the ancient serpent, crashing into the base of its skull.

"Ah…"

He shook his head in a daze, and then threw a hateful gaze at the shoulder of Condemnation.

'That wretch!'

It seemed that the mysterious archer was not on board with the idea of a temporary alliance, no matter how necessary it seemed. They would rather just kill anything, and everything, that stood in their way.

Or just happened to be nearby.

No, but what kind of maniac instantly attacked someone who fought their enemies?!

Sunny rolled with a hiss and rose to his feet. By then, the shadow of Condemnation had already reached the remains of the colossal serpent. The gargantuan being stepped over it, passing above Sunny, and continued on its way.

It was as if a dark mountain stepped over him, covering him in its cold darkness for a few moments.

The Vulture was still impaled and struggling to free itself, the Leech was still tearing into the abdomen of the shadow of Condemnation with hundreds of maws. The Thing had reached the shoulder of the gargantuan shadow and was now too high for Sunny to see, while the Wolf was only a dozen seconds away from catching up with the Cursed Tyrant.

Sunny gritted his teeth, seething with anger.

'...Alright, I'll just kill you all, bastards!'

Summoning a pair of black wings, Sunny raised a hurricane as he launched himself into the air.

He was flying up, aiming to reach the shoulders of Condemnation.




***
Chapter 2106: Shadow of the Colossus


***






It did not take Sunny a lot of time to soar into the sky and reach the shoulder of the shadow of Condemnation — the opposite shoulder from where he had seen the mysterious archer last, that was, since the promise of getting another arrow driven into his heart did not seem alluring.

But even that short amount of time was enough to let him truly fathom just how immense the shadow of the Cursed Tyrant was. Before, he had only seen Condemnation from a distance — which had been awesome enough. But now that he had ascended its great height, from the mountain-like legs to the wide plateaus of its shoulders, Sunny saw the colossal shadow in an entirely different light.

Walking across the dark expanse of the Shadow Realm, it was really like a world of its own. The black hills were barely visible from the great height, and the desolate land looked flat. There were no clouds to obscure the ground, but the great plume of silver essence bathed everything in pale radiance, making it seem like a different world from the lightless, lifeless desert below.

There were hills and valleys of their own on the immense body of the shadow of Condemnation, with a strange and alien terrain that only seemed more dreamlike because the entire immensity of it all was constantly moving. The great body of the Cursed Tyrant could have sheltered an entire city, with countless humans spending their entire lives without ever setting foot on the ground.

Which only put into perspective how astonishing the feat of the King of Swords, who had slain this ancient deity, was. It was no different from a tiny ant slaying a towering elephant.

…Of course, the shadow of Condemnation was different from how the Cursed Tyrant had been when it was alive. In fact, Sunny was starting to understand that this great body was nothing more than the vessel of the actual Cursed One, who had been more of an insidious force than a physical presence.

A force that absorbed what was around it, tearing parts from the world to make them parts of itself.

Similarly, the shadow of Condemnation had absorbed what had been around it, as well. However, the Shadow Realm was different from the Hollows and Godgrave, and therefore, its body ended up quite different from its past self.

There was no soil, no stone ruins, and no jungle here. Instead, there was just dust, shadows, and silence.

So, the shadow of Condemnation was far less substantial than the actual Cursed One had been. Its towering body was woven mostly out of immaterial things — shadows, dust, and distant light, with giant slabs of black obsidian floating in the dark abyss of its vast expanse like islands of solidity.

Sunny had landed on one of these islands, released the effect of the Feather of Truth to return to his normal weight, and folded his wings, judging that it was too early to dismiss them. Wisps of ghostly smoke shrouded his figure, and a few black feathers drifted to the ground, dissolving in streams of darkness a few moments later.

He glanced at the feathers and froze for a moment, suddenly remembering something that he would have preferred to forget… the terrible visage of Nether, the Demon of Destiny, which he had glimpsed reflected on the surface of the Great River once, a long time ago.

The figure of the Prince of the Underworld had been vague and unclear, shrouded in fog. But Sunny remembered one detail of his appearance vividly — two terrible black wings that seemed to devour the sky, drowning the world in howling mist.

Sunny lingered for a moment, then shifted his gaze to the mangled breastplate of the Onyx Mantle.

A sudden, embarrassing thought suddenly entered his mind.

Here he was, a divine shadow, in the realm of Shadow God… and yet, he was wearing a suit of onyx armor forged by the Prince of Darkness, and sporting a pair of black wings.

The Underworld was where true darkness dwelled and had originated from, and true darkness was the natural enemy of shadows. Beings born from it were also here, acting like insatiable predators. So...

Had the mysterious archer mistaken him for a Darkness Creature, as well?

If so, it was not that surprising that Sunny received an arrow in the heart instead of a greeting.

But then again, that maniac seemed like the murderous sort regardless of circumstances. The shadow of Condemnation had nothing to do with true darkness, and yet, the mysterious archer was here, fighting for the right to slay it — not at all different from the dark drifters or Sunny, intending to kill and consume Condemnation.

That was the only way to survive here, in the Shadow Realm.

Maybe Sunny would have been greeted by an arrow even if he had been wearing a beautiful silk robe sewn by Shadow God's own hands.

In any case, the mysterious archer had come dangerously close to costing Sunny an incarnation, and if there was one thing Sunny was good at, it was holding grudges. He was going to find and kill the wretch no matter the cost.

The mysterious archer was a shadow creature as well, after all… the shadow of Condemnation was not the only thing Sunny could consume to gain a treasure trove of shadow fragments.

Who knew, maybe he would be able to not only form a Titan Core, but also saturate the seven cores to finality by the end of this expedition.

But he would have to kill the four Dark Ones, the damned archer, and the shadow of Condemnation first to achieve that.

'Step by step…'

The archer was currently tied up dealing with the Thing, while the Leech was in a feeding frenzy. The Wolf had momentarily fallen behind.

So, the best chance to even the odds Sunny had was to finish the wounded Vulture. It was still impaled by the fangs of the great serpent, having yet to free itself. The fangs themselves were of value, as well, since Sunny could use them as weapons again.

'Let's hunt a Dark One.'

He briefly considered summoning Saint. She was busy helping the Lord of Shadow clear the jungle… as well as keep an eye on old Jest, who had shown a tendency to wander into places he was not supposed to go as of late.

More than that, while Saint was supposed to be immune to soul attacks, she would not necessarily be immune to the Shadow Realm… to shadow attacks? To whatever law ruled this desolate land, eroding shadows and turning them into pure essence.

Sunny was not going to risk summoning his Shadows until he found proof that they would not be destroyed as a result of entering the Realm of Death.

The bones of a Soul Serpent offered some assurance, but they could be an anomaly. For now, he had to proceed alone.

Smiling darkly, Sunny took a running start and jumped, leaping to the next slab of obsidian. There were many of them scattered around, drifting chaotically in the sea of shadows that the body of Condemnation was composed of.

For now, he had to reach the edge of the colossal being's shoulder and look down to evaluate the situation.

Then, he had to kill.




***
Chapter 2107: Two Horrors


***






Leaping from one drifting obsidian island to another and using his wings to glide across the wider gaps between them, Sunny swiftly reached a vantage point from where he could see the torso of the shadow of Condemnation.

Far below, the Leech had burrowed into the side of the colossus, having already consumed a vast swath of its nebulous body. The seething mass of darkness was twisting and rippling, hundreds of appalling maws biting hungrily into the shadow of the Cursed Tyrant.

It seemed that the Dark One did not care what exactly it was devouring — pieces of obsidian, shimmering light, or deep shadows. Although it seemed as if the Leech was feasting on the body of Condemnation, what it was truly devouring was Condemnation's essence — the very invisible, insidious force that held the great colossus together.

A bit higher, just under the chest of the Cursed One's shadow, the Vulture had already extricated its body from one of the two enormous fangs, and was close to liberating itself from the second.

The creature was separated from Sunny by a vertical drop of almost an entire kilometer, but due to its massive size, that distance did not seem significant at all… if anything, it felt negligible.

Sunny hesitated for a moment.

'...How am I even supposed to kill that thing?'

As the last resort, he could attack the Vulture with his bare hands — gods knew that the spiked gauntlets of the Onyx Mantle were lethal weapons in and of themselves.

However, ripping the vast body of the appalling creature to shreds with bare hands seemed like a lot of work.

And the Vulture was not going to simply allow Sunny to attack it freely, either.

His thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a thunderous thunderclap that slammed into Sunny like a physical wall, making him stagger and struggle to keep his balance. The thunderclap came from somewhere to his left — there, hidden from view by the massive neck of Condemnation, the mysterious archer was currently battling the Thing.

Looking that way, Sunny saw pieces of shattered obsidian soaring high into the black sky before plunging down to rain upon the ground like a destructive hail.

Cursing inwardly, he took a step forward and plummeted down, as well.

Using both the dire might of his tenebrous wings and the [Feather of Truth] to accelerate his descent, Sunny pierced the radiance of the river of essence and fell upon the Vulture like a black comet.

Force equaled mass timed by acceleration, and he possessed plenty of both. More than that, he was a Transcendent being, and therefore his existence pushed against the mystical laws of the world, not just the laws of physics.

Perhaps using himself as a projectile was not the wisest of plans, but that way, the force unleashed by his impact against the Dark One was going to be truly devastating — as well as bring him close enough to tear at the appalling creature with his onyx claws.

Sunny had tensed his body in anticipation of a bone-breaking collision, relying on Bone Weave to keep him whole.

However, to his surprise, the actual impact was far less violent than he had anticipated and hoped for.

The vast body of the Vulture gave in and enveloped Sunny like a cold, porous cloth, surrounding him from all sides and suffocating him. Suddenly, he was embraced and blinded by darkness, bound by its chilling expanse, struggling to wrestle his body free.

At first, the cold darkness was simply there, enveloping him like a dreadful cocoon. But then, it rippled and gave birth to countless tendrils that slithered across the surface of the Onyx Mantle, searching hungrily for a way in.

Sunny shuddered.

Usually, he would have only had to protect the visor of his helmet… but since the damned archer had mangled the breastplate of his armor, breaching it, the tendrils discovered an opening soon.

'Crap!'

Gritting his teeth, he feverishly searched for a solution.

The image of Dark Dancer Revel flashed in his mind.

A split second later, the Onyx Mantle shifted, covering the frame of his wings with a layer of fearsome stonelike armor. Straining with all his might, Sunny unfolded them…

And tore free of the suffocating darkness, shredding it with the bladed edges of his wings.

Pushing himself away, Sunny shot through the swirling storm of essence particles and landed heavily on the surface of the ancient serpent's fang, a hundred or so meters away. The fang was still embedded in the body of Condemnation, protruding from it like a long and narrow ivory ledge.

Rising slowly from his knees, Sunny looked up and pierced the Vulture with a cold, murderous gaze.

…The Dark One gazed upon him, too.

Thousands of lightless eyes opened on the surface of the rippling darkness, considering him with a chilling, silent, alien intent.

Then, a spark of hunger ignited in them, making Sunny feel a sickening sense of primal fear.

The Vulture shifted on the body of Condemnation, perching on its vertical slope like a giant moth.

Then, forgetting about its colossal prey for a short moment, it surged forward to consume Sunny instead.

The appalling creature was like a flood of darkness, its vast mass boiling as it exploded with countless monstrous tendrils — these ones dozens of meters long and ending in gruesome maws. It fell upon Sunny like an avalanche, threatening to bury him under its dark and dreadful expanse.

Watching the flood of darkness descending upon him, Sunny scoffed coldly.

The shadows around him stirred, embracing him like a great mantle.

In the next moment, the vast expanse of flowing shadows was suddenly infused with Transcendent essence, turning into a tangible mass. Sunny did not bother shaping this enormous Shell — the largest one he had ever created — and allowed it to remain formless and shapeless.

As the flood of hungry darkness fell upon him from above, the great mass of shadows rushed upward to meet it, countless tentacles shooting from its depths to rip apart the ghastly tendrils.

The moment the two dark masses collided, there was a deafening thunderclap, and a powerful shockwave spread in all directions, battering the ancient obsidian and making the ivory fangs crack.

The shadow of Condemnation shuddered, halting for a moment as it took another step.




***
Chapter 2108: Three’s a Party


***






Here in the Realm of Shadows, Sunny was at home. It was a dire and perilous home, but a home nonetheless. Not only was his body and Aspect empowered by being here, but there was also a torrent of spirit essence flowing into his soul.

That was why his ability to manifest shadows had become more powerful than it had ever been, and why he was able to summon such an enormous Shell.

The vast Shell was formless, lacking a structure. But that was also a reason why he could build it, and make it span hundreds of meters — not at all inferior to the great expanse of the appalling Darkness Creature. Better yet, there was no risk of losing himself, since he was not delving into the essence of a foreign existence.

Instead, he was simply adhering to the shapelessness that was inherent to all shadows. And as a shadow himself, Sunny was no stranger to that shapelessness himself.

It was just a shame that his largest Shell yet was dwarfed by most of what he had encountered in the Shadow Realm, almost making him feel like he had been robbed of an accomplishment.

'Damnation...'

Of course, Sunny had no time to feel such frivolous emotions, since mere moments after forming the Shell, he clashed with the Vulture in a harrowing display of primal fury.

The rippling mass of darkness descended like a flood of hungry tendrils, and the seething mass of shadow rose to meet it midway. Their clash was both awesome and terrifying, bathed in the silver radiance of the river of essence, but seemingly devouring the light instead of being illuminated by it.

They rolled across the vertical slope of Condemnation's torso, clinging to it with dozens of tendrils and tentacles, and at the same time tearing into each other with countless more.

Hundreds of hungry maws opened on the rippling body of the Vulture, biting into the mass of seething shadows. In response, the shadows bit into the body of the dark drifter with thousands of bestial fangs, tearing it ferociously.

Torrents of darkness rained down like blood.

Even as his Shell was being ripped apart and pierced by slithering tendrils, Sunny grinned darkly in its tumultuous depths.

'Ah, this is not good…'

There was one thing he had realized in the very first moment of his clash with the Vulture… it was that the creature of darkness was an ancient evil — and much, much more powerful than him.

The gruesome damage it dealt to the formless mass of shadows was incomparably more dire than the damage the shadows were dealing to it, and just as Sunny was savaging the eerie creature with abandon, the creature was savaging him much more.

However…

Sunny was in his natural element. Every wound he dealt to the Vulture harmed the Dark One, while the Dark One was only damaging his Shell. For as long as Sunny had essence, he could freely mend and rebuild his great and formless, horrifying body.

He just had to make sure that the tendrils of darkness did not reach his actual self, and maybe… maybe, he would be able to destroy this harrowing abomination, after all.

...Or maybe he would be swallowed by one of the tendrils — hopefully dying in the process, instead of feeling the agony of his body and soul being slowly digested in the depths of the harrowing darkness first.

'No. I'll definitely kill this fiend.'

But why stop there?

Smiling crookedly, Sunny allowed a part of his Shell to be torn apart, then used the momentary lull in the onslaught of dark tendrils created by that sacrifice to launch a vicious attack of his own. The

tentacles growing out of his vast Shell shifted, turning into a forest of inky-black arms, and hundreds of hands ripped into the body of the Vulture with sharp claws, each bearing seven fingers.

Holding it in place.

The only tentacles that had not transformed then changed, as well, their ends turning into scythe-like blades. Those blades then slashed at the particular group of tendrils that attached the Vulture to the body of the shadow of Condemnation, severing them all.

Sunny pushed both the Dark One and his Shell away from the obsidian surface. The two intertwined horrors — one made of pure darkness, the other from a vast expanse of shadows — plummeted down.

As they fell, a swarm of shadow chains shot from his formless Shell, wrapping themselves around the two ivory fangs that were still stuck in the shadow of Condemnation.

The Vulture tore into the mass of shadows, one of its terrifying tendrils penetrating the formless Shell deep enough to come dangerously close to Sunny's body. At the same time, the Dark One attempted to free itself from his hold.

However, Sunny poured more essence into the Shell, rebuilding it almost as fast as it was being destroyed — albeit not quite — and steering their fall by using the ivory fangs as purchase.

A few moments later, the two of them…

Crashed into the massive body of the appalling Leech, who had forgotten itself while gorging on the flesh of the shadow of Condemnation.

The more, the merrier.

Sunny's bloodlust was more than insatiable enough to accommodate a pair of primordial horrors.

Now, for the last act…

As the Leech momentarily switched the target of its hunger and Sunny's Shell became enveloped by the appalling darkness from two sides, melting between them in an onslaught of countless teeth, he abandoned all pretense of trying to attack the Dark Ones, and instead put all the dreadful power of his Shell into pushing all three of them into the black sky of the Shadow Realm.

Sunny, the Vulture, and the Leech shot away from the body of Condemnation, flying into the dark expanse of the sky.

As they flew, the formless Shell collapsed in on itself, turning into a battered sphere. The two ancient horrors were like tattered sails of darkness billowing behind it.

Of course, they never stopped shredding it with countless maws and trying to tear it apart with appalling tendrils.

As Sunny's Shell dwindled, they passed through the silver radiance of the essence plume and were enveloped by the boundless darkness once again, flying further and further away from the shadow of Condemnation…

However, they did not fly for long.

Because just a few moments later, they crashed into the palm of its colossal hand, which closed into a fist a moment later.

Crushing the sphere of shadows, and the two vast beings of darkness, in its obliterating grip.




***
Chapter 2109: Vicious Shadows


***






The titanic fist of Condemnation snapped shut, crushing the Formless Shell and killing the two Creatures of Darkness.

…Of course, by the time it did, Sunny was already someplace else.

After all, nothing prevented him from abandoning his Shell while maintaining its existence.

If it had been a more complicated construct, he would have lost the ability to control it with any measure of finesse after leaving — but that was beside the point in this instance, considering that the sphere of shadows had only needed to be durable enough to endure the violent onslaught of the Leech and the Vulture, and therefore, did not need to be controlled at all.

So, mere moments before it slammed into the palm of the shadow of Condemnation, Sunny opened a narrow breach in the wall of the sphere and held tightly to the chain of shadows that still connected it to one of the ivory fangs embedded in the body of the Cursed Tyrant.

The chain drew taut.

As a result, he was catapulted outside while the crumbling sphere of shadows — and the two appalling horrors that were tearing it apart — continued flying forward with great speed.

To their doom.

By the time the Vulture and the Leech perished in the crushing grasp of the shadow of Condemnation, torrents of elemental darkness flowing between the gargantuan fingers, Sunny was already halfway back to the nebulous body of the Cursed Tyrant.

Wind howled in his ears as he smiled wickedly.

'There. Go die, bastards. Leech, vulture… fools! You should have thought twice before making an enemy out of a cockroach...'

Then again, he would have killed them anyway, so it did not really matter whether the abominations had antagonized him or not.

…Reaching the abdomen of the shadow of Condemnation, Sunny slammed into the cold obsidian and momentarily let go of the chain to grab onto the cracks in the black stone. Folding his wings, he pressed his body against it and carefully looked up.

Just then, something flashed blindingly high above and dimmed the silver radiance of the swirling essence for a moment. Following the flash, something dark obscured the view.

Sunny held tightly to the cold obsidian as a river of elemental darkness flowed slowly from above, trickling onto his armor and temporarily blinding him. If he was to hazard a guess… that was what remained of the Thing, who must have been killed by the nebulous slayer on the shoulder of the shadow of Condemnation.

Soon enough, the darkness receded, having already flowed past him on its way to the dunes of obsidian dust far below.

All that remained was silence.

The world swayed slowly as the shadow of Condemnation walked across the desolate expanse of the Shadow Realm, illuminating it with the pale light of swirling particles of soul essence.

Sunny waited tensely, hiding in the shadows cast by the protruding ridge of glossy obsidian. He knew that his position was quite a bad one... after all, being far below a deadly archer on a vertical slope was not an ideal situation to find oneself in.

When no arrow came crashing down a few seconds later, he gritted his teeth and started to climb up, sticking to the darkest and deepest shadows. The body of the shadow of Condemnation seemed more solid here, but he still encountered wide gaps between the vast plates of obsidian — instead of spreading his wings, Sunny simply used the chain to pull himself up and reach the next piece of black stone.

He swiftly reached the ivory fang and climbed onto it, wondering what had happened to the archer.

Was that damned maniac dead, as well?

Or maybe had already moved on to trying to slay the shadow of Condemnation?

It did not seem like Sunny was in immediate danger…

His face suddenly fell.

'I just had to think that aloud, did I?'

In the next moment, a black arrow fell from above, almost piercing his eye. This time, however, Sunny managed to dodge it just in time — the arrow moved with truly astonishing speed, arriving almost instantaneously, but it disturbed the swirling torrent of essence particles.

That disturbance caused the shadows populating the great expanse of Condemnation to shift, so Sunny had sensed the arrow a split second before it would have killed him.

He reeled back, and the obsidian arrowhead scraped against the visor of his helmet, slicing it apart, then struck the ivory fang.

The violent impact was so devastating that the ancient fang exploded, sending bone fragments flying away like a cloud of shrapnel, and Sunny was tossed into the air.

'Damn it!'

A moment later, a hurricane was raised by his wings, and he shot up through the silver radiance.

Sticking close to the body of Condemnation, Sunny veered left and right, trying to make him a more difficult target. He dove into the deep gorges on the polished obsidian and used jagged outcroppings as cover, dodging another arrow a heartbeat or two later.

But that was not all.

While Sunny was flying up, six Shadowspawn Shells burst from his figure and followed while leaping from one plate of obsidian to another — or rather, six dummy Shells that he had created to confuse the archer.

These ones only had the appearance of Shells, with none of the intricately complicated inner machinery. There was no rigid frame of bones, no tensile muscles, no elastic tendons... all of them created by manifesting shadow in unique ways, of course.

Instead, these constructs were no different from the most primitive shadow tentacles, with only their outward shape altered to look like a creature. Luckily, that seemed to have been enough to split the

archer's attention — the decoys were obliterated one after another, but Sunny managed to keep himself intact until he reached the shoulder of the shadow colossus.

The opposite shoulder from where he had initially landed, and where the Thing had been destroyed by the archer.

Dismissing his wings, Sunny landed on the glossy surface of black obsidian and rolled.

Rising to his feet a moment later, he lowered his chin a little and looked at the figure standing a few dozen meters away from him.

The nebulous archer was surrounded by wisps of black smoke, as if wearing a tattered cloak of shadows. Their figure was obscured, and so was their face. However, Sunny could feel that his enemy was looking at him, as well.

Finally, the mysterious shadow calmly placed their bow on the ground, straightened, and unsheathed two long knives — one cut from black obsidian, the other from white bone.

Smiling darkly, Sunny revealed his hand, which held a long, sharp splinter of the destroyed fang of the ancient Soul Serpent.

Then, he revealed five more hands, each holding a bone blade of their own.

The archer tilted their head slightly.

Sunny grinned.

"That's right, bastard. Come and get me."




***
Chapter 2110: Disobedience


***






There was no pompous exchange of challenges, no proclamations, not even an insult thrown to rattle the enemy before the battle. There was no sign that the archer was preparing for a fight, like assuming a stance and cautiously probing Sunny's defenses.

Instead, one second the mysterious shadow was standing a few dozen meters away, and the next, they were already upon Sunny.

The obsidian knife glinted coldly as it tore the fabric of reality apart, aiming to plunge into his abdomen.

'F—fast…'

Sunny barely managed to deflect the blow by sensing, rather than being fully aware of, the coming strike. The splinter of the ivory fang met the obsidian blade and pushed it aside, sending a jolt of pain traveling through his arm.

'...Strong, as well.'

The nebulous slayer was terribly fast, and terribly strong. Perhaps in any other place, Sunny would have stood no chance against this adversary — but here in the Shadow Realm, the infinite abyss of shadows was imbuing him with dire prowess. It was not quite comparable to the augmentation of his shadows, but close to it.

So, he could at least resist.

Sunny deflected the obsidian knife to the side and blocked the bone knife by crossing two ivory blades of his own. Then, he attacked with three splinters of the ancient fang that remained.

He had six hands at the moment, after all.

But his nebulous enemy was elusive.

Using flowing footwork, they seemed to disappear like a mirage, sidestepping all three of the counterattacks and somehow managing to flank Sunny at the same time. All that his improvised daggers managed to pierce were the wisps of ghostly smoke.

'Crap…'

Sunny moved his three left arms, trying to defend his side, and instantly lost two of them. Severed cleanly, the inky-black hands fell to the ground — but that, at least, had bought him enough time to reel back and avoid being skewered himself.

He felt a cold chill run down his spine.

Sunny had hoped that the mysterious slayer would not be as deadly up close as they were at range… but these hopes were now crushed thoroughly. The damned archer knew how to handle a knife, as well — in fact, they fought with an utterly chilling level of skill and intent.

Their style was as lethal as it was straightforward. There were no embellishments, hesitation, or complicated philosophy to its deadly grace. Just pure lethality, inhuman ruthlessness, and absolute killing intent. An uncompromising aggressiveness that aimed to slaughter the enemy in the most swift and efficient fashion, discarding all else.

Making all else seem unimportant.

Which was not to say that the way the mysterious shadow fought was not insidious. In fact, they were like a personification of devious will — deception was a killing tool as well, after all.

Even using his mastery of Shadow Dance to predict the enemy's movements, Sunny was struggling to keep up. That was because the archer was simply too fast and aggressive to react to this foresight, and even if he did, the predictions Sunny made seem to fail him half of the time.

As if the enemy knew how to deceive his very perception, including shadow sense, thus making all attempts to gain insight fruitless. After all, trying to build anything on a foundation of falsehoods was an exercise in futility.

That was why the bone knife, which was supposed to be flying toward Sunny's throat, suddenly pierced the breastplate of the Onyx Mantle just below his ribs instead. Still failing to understand how that happened, Sunny staggered back, which was why the sharp blade only cut his skin and a bit of muscle instead of plunging into his lung.

He was still reeling from the unexpected failure to predict the sinister blow, but there was no time to think — that was because the mysterious shadow had not slowed down the onslaught of attacks even for a split second, pushing Sunny back with a rain of deadly strikes.

They came at him from all directions, the swift figure of his enemy obscured and made even harder to discern by the ghostly black smoke.

It was to the point that Sunny was not even sure which one of them possessed six hands instead of two… well, four, now.

Defending himself desperately, he took a step back, then another. His entire body rattled from the immense strain of withstanding the ferocious, devastating blows of the enemy, and the situation only seemed to grow more dire and frenetic with each heartbeat.

But that was fine, as well.

After all, Sunny was not without tricks himself.

His two severed hands were now laying on the ground behind the archer, having yet to dissolve into intangible shadows. And that was for a good reason — because just then, they suddenly moved and rose into the air, carried by two flexible shadow tentacles.

Still grasping the splinters of the ivory fang, they shot at the archer's back with the speed of supersonic missiles.

…And the bastard still dodged them, somehow.

Granted, the mysterious shadow was at least forced to halt the chilling and seemingly unceasing assault to disengage, performed a strange mix of a spinning somersault and a cartwheel that had no right to look graceful, and yet did, rolled over their shoulder, and slid back on the glossy obsidian.

There was no rule that limited Sunny to only using his bone blades, after all. In fact, he would be a fool to do so.

Sparing the vague figure of his enemy a brief glance, Sunny called upon the shadows and unleashed a maelstrom of shadow chains, clawed hands, and bladed tentacles upon the nebulous slayer.

…Or at least, he tried to.

But he failed.

That was because for the first time in a long, long while… the shadows did not respond to his call.

Instead, they cowered and trembled, torn between the will of the Lord of Shadows and the cold threat of… whatever the mysterious archer was.

An ancient shadow that had spent thousands of years in the desolate hell of the Shadow Realm, hunting down their kin.

Sunny commanded them to move, and the slayer threatened them to stay still.

He smiled darkly.

"...Such audacity."

Instead of responding, the archer lunged forward once again.

Only this time, when Sunny commanded his remaining two shadow hands forward to block the obsidian knife… they jerked and halted, failing to respond to his will for a split second.

That split second was enough for the stone blade to leave another hole on his hide.




***
Chapter 2111: Mixed Signals


***






'Damn… ation…'

Sunny had fought all kinds of adversaries over his long and tumultuous career as a carrier of the Nightmare Spell — and more still after his sudden and inexplicable retirement from being one. Among them were powerful Nightmare Creatures, seasoned Awakened champions, and dreadful horrors he struggled to describe.

But very few of them, if any at all, had managed to put this kind of pressure on him. At least not in recent years, after he achieved Transcendence and came close to the known pinnacle of power.

The mysterious shadow was different from Nightmare Creatures, because it possessed the martial skill and deadly intelligence akin to that of a human.

But it was also different from humans, because its mind was utterly alien, elusive, and filled with nothing but murderous, merciless killing intent.

It was fierce and ferocious, but at the same time cold and calculating, focused entirely on slaying the enemy.

It would have been commendable, really, if Sunny did not find himself on the receiving end of this deadly resolve.

He evaded a vicious stab, only to receive a devastating kick and stagger back. Ignoring the sharp pain in his bruised ribs, he immediately moved, deflecting a slash that would have sliced his throat open otherwise. By then, an obsidian blade was already flying at his right eye, and as he tilted his head to avoid it, a knee slammed into his abdomen, making him let out a hiss.

The mysterious shadow was like a dancer that could use all of its nebulous body as a weapon, making no distinction between its blades, fists, elbows, knees, or feet. Each precise blow was either potentially fatal or meant to open him to a deadly follow-up attack, flowing effortlessly into each other, and with the ghostly smoke obscuring its movements, Sunny could not allow his focus to slip even for an instant.

The rain of attacks persisted without a split second of respite, all of them chained together like a ruthless, suffocating vice.No matter how much Sunny resisted, he could not gain the initiative — he could only defend himself feverishly, barely keeping up with the lethal onslaught.

Wounds and bruises slowly littered his body. His armor was cut like paper, and his bones groaned under unbearable strain, on the verge of cracking. He was not bleeding, at least, but his two remaining shadows hands had long been sacrificed. Now, even his own hands were at risk of being maimed.

'Aaah…'

Dodging another blow, he growled and lunged forward, meaning to ram the mysterious archer with his armored shoulder. However, the enemy simply retreated like mist, then instantly counterattacked, nearly driving one of their knives into Sunny's temple.

They clashed like two dark whirlwinds, moving across the shoulder of the shadow of Condemnation as it took another titanic step. The radiant veil of swirling essence was torn apart by the fury of their battle, and they were enveloped by soothing darkness once again.

The thunderous cacophony tore apart the eternal silence that reigned the Shadow Realm, and the black sky shook from the terrifying power of their blows.

As Sunny and the nebulous slayer fought with their weapons, another, hidden battle was taking place as well.

It was the battle for the control over the ancient shadows that surrounded them.

Sunny was pressing his authority, commanding the shadows to answer his call and descend upon the archer in a manifested storm. The archer, meanwhile, was silently pressuring them into remaining still.

The mysterious slayer had even managed to exert influence on the manifested hands that Sunny used, making them if not useless, then at least unreliable — enough so that they had been destroyed one after another.

Unlike the physical battle, this one was not fought with weapons or martial skill. Instead, it was fought by something else… will, perhaps. Since both fighters had a claim to command them,the shadows would follow the one whose authority was more tyrannical and uncompromising.

By all accounts, Sunny had no business being equal to a Great… Supreme?... being in a battle of will and authority. However, he was the Lord of Shadows. This Attribute granted him a mandate to rule them, and marked him as a chosen of Shadow God. It served as the equalizer, allowing him to breach the gap separating him from the ruthless archer.

For now, neither Sunny nor his enemy had managed to overwhelm the other's will and gain command of the shadows. It was an exhausting draw… but, still. Drawing with a being of Supreme Rank in a battle of will was not a bad result.

Actually…

Finally managing to land a glancing blow and push the enemy back for a moment, Sunny drew a hoarse breath.

He wasn't even sure what this damned shadow's Rank and Class were. Unlike the dark drifters, the mysterious archer was not made from elemental darkness, so nothing stopped Sunny from trying to peer into its essence... he just had no opportunity before.

Using the momentary lull in their fierce clash — which would only last a split second, no doubt — Sunny shifted his gaze and looked inside the mysterious shadow.

What he saw startled him.

'What the…'

The mysterious archer was a shadow. Sunny was pretty sure that they were no different from Condemnation, a shadow that had entered the Realm of Death after the being casting it perished… albeit one that seemed to have retained more sense and sharper intent. Perhaps it had gradually become an actual shadow creature by refusing to be annihilated by the Shadow Realm over the ages.

In any case, he had expected to see dark embers like those that burned in the depths of his own Shadows, or at best lightless Shadow Cores like he himself possessed. Maybe even nothing except the dark expanse of a vast shadow.

But, to his surprise…

A beautiful, radiant core burned within the mysterious archer, shining like a silver sun.It was not a Shadow Core — it was an actual soul core, brimming with actual soul essence instead of shadow essence, like what Sunny had.

'What kind of situation is this?'

He was a human whose soul was nevertheless like that of a shadow, while the mysterious archer was an actual shadow who walked around with a soul core burning in their chest despite it all?

How was that possible?

But then again… anything was possible.

If a being as weird as Sunny could exist, then why couldn't the directly opposite being to him exist, as well?

Regardless…

What stunned him the most was that the mysterious archer only possessed one soul core, which meant that they were a mere Beast. Considering how obviously sentient the damned thing was, that probably meant that they were a shadow of a dead human.

More than that, their Rank was… strange. It was neither Supreme nor Transcendent, but rather something in between. As if the soul of a Supreme being had been damaged and weathered, losing much of its past luster.

Perhaps it had even been Sacred once… who knew? Sunny could only see the current state of the shadow, not what it had been in a pristine state.

In any case, the mysterious archer was not a Sovereign. Not only because their power seemed to have been eroded by the thousands of years of being digested by the Shadow Realm, but also because they did not possess a Domain. And even if they had been human once, they weren't one anymore.

So, Sunny had no idea what that thing was, really.

Just… a strange, tenacious shadow that was far more insidious and lethal than it had any right to be.

Nothing changed the fact that he had to kill it, though.

And regarding that…

Sunny had an idea on how to proceed.




***
Chapter 2112: Rebelious Shadow


***






Whether the nebulous archer possessed a soul core or not, they were still a shadow. That was how they had been able to survive in the Shadow Realm, and why they were hunting the shadows of living beings for sustenance.

That was also the reason why this cold and ruthless slayer could influence the wild shadows populating the desolate land, so much so that they were even scared to answer Sunny's call.

However…

Since the archer could interfere with Sunny in that way, didn't that mean that Sunny could do the same?

After all, the archer was a shadow.

And Sunny was the Lord of Shadows.

He held dominion over everything that was a shadow, whether they liked it or not. If Sunny so wished, he could control and manipulate shadows, manifest them into tangible forms, or even send them into the Shadow Realm and back.

Granted, his authority was not absolute. Although few shadows had attempted it yet, the vastest and most ancient of them could resist his will and refuse his commands… like the Fragment of the Shadow Realm did, for example.

More importantly, there was one exception to his ability to command the shadows. No matter how weak, Sunny could neither control nor manifest the shadows of living beings — their loyalty was to their masters, and no matter how revered the Lord of Shadows was by them, that reverence did not trump that loyalty.

However…

The mysterious archer was not a shadow cast by a living being. They might have been once, but now, they were cast by nothing and belonged to nothing. They were alone and ownerless, without a master…

It is improper for a shadow, let alone such a murderous one, to walk around without a master.

Not the least of all because an unscrupulous Lord of Shadows might happen to pass by and try to exploit that defect.

So…

While suffering under the chillingly lethal barrage of insidious attacks and at the same time wrestling the cold will of the rebellious shadow,Sunny focused his own will into a sharp blade and added another command to his call.

That one was addressed directly to the damned archer and consisted of only one word:

"Halt."

The archer suddenly shuddered.

And because they shuddered, Sunny easily pushed aside the obsidian knife and plunged the splinter of the ivory fang into the enemy's side.

A moment later, the archer punched him in the face, shattering the damaged visor of the onyx helmet and making Sunny see stars. They struck down with the bone knife, slicing through the splinter of the ancient fang, and disengaged.

A moment later, the archer landed gracefully on the glossy stone a few dozen meters away and pressed one hand against their side, hunching a little.

Sunny was pretty sure that being pierced by a fang of an ancient Soul Serpent was quite harmful, even for a relentless death machine like this damned maniac.

He dismissed his broken helmet and laughed.

"...Two can play this game, you know?"

Before, the archer had interfered with his limbs.

Now, Sunny was interfering with the archer.

Of course, the nebulous slayer did not halt as commanded. However, their movements appeared somewhat constrained, sapped of some speed and power.

Just enough to even the playing field in this battle.

Taking a step forward, Sunny ignited his will and battered the archer with a barrage of irresistible commands.

'Halt!'

'Move!'

'Kneel!'

'Surrender!'

'Beg!'

'...Die!'

But the mysterious shadow did resist them, hunching some more and remaining silent.

Their slender fingers, nevertheless, dug into the wound, grasping the broken splinter of the ivory fang and pulling it free.

A trickle of ghostly smoke flowed out of the wound, mixing with their billowing veil.

'Still ready to fight, then.'

Sunny grinned.

Well, it was only to be expected. He had never expected that his little trick would bring this ruthless slayer to their knees. It was just something to weigh them down and let Sunny himself deliver the fatal blow.

"What are you waiting for? Let's go, little shadow. I'm just getting warmed up."

The archer stared at him for a few moments silently… at least Sunny thought that he was being stared at. He could not see their face, after all.

Then, in an explosion of swift, purposeful motion…

The archer turned around, fluidly grabbed their discarded bow and dashed away, sliding over the edge of the obsidian island a moment later.

Falling into the depths of the shadow of Condemnation.

Sunny froze for a moment.

He blinked.

'Huh?'

Had he actually scared that damned killer so much?

'No, impossible…'

Then…

His eyes widened a little.

Did the bastard decide to go for the kill first, and deal with Sunny later? If so, he had to follow immediately!

Yet…

Somehow, Sunny did not feel like submerging into the nebulous body of the shadow of Condemnation was safe. In fact, everything inside him screamed against it, as if what awaited him inside was a fate far worse than death.

It would be the same for the archer.

Then what was Sunny missing?

Suddenly, a cold chill ran down his spine, and a bad premonition made him shiver.

With no helmet to shield his head, he realized quite quickly what it was that he had missed.

Because his hair was fluttering wildly in the wind.

The wind… the wind had grown much stronger.

'...I'm getting a terrible sense of déjà vu.'

Had he not caught a ride on the shoulder of a giant once, only to be caught in the storm?

No… technically, it was on the neck of a giant.

Turning around, Sunny looked at the horizon.

The breathtaking, radiant maelstrom of the essence tempest was much, much closer than it had been before.

And the wind was only growing stronger.

Suddenly, a tiny spark of silver light shot past Sunny.

And then, another spark shot from his vambrace… this one having nothing to do with essence. It was just a spark produced when something struck the stonelike metal of his armor at great speed.

Something so swift and tiny that he did not even see it,let alone feel the impact.

Sunny stared at his vambrace for a moment, noticing a deep scratch left onit.

'Damn.'

Then, he turned around to run.

But it was already too late.




***
Chapter 2113: Condemned


***






The essence storm was still some distance away, but the wind was growing turbulent at an unnatural rate. It had been merely strong a few moments ago, but now, its force was already as violent as that of a hurricane.

The wind crashed furiously into the colossal figure of the shadow of Condemnation, shattering against its dark nebulous bulwark in a litany of chilling wails. The radiant trail of essence shrouding the colossal shadow was torn apart and scattered, submerging the world in impenetrable darkness once again.

For now. 

A powerful gust slammed into Sunny's back, almost making him stagger. As it did, a few more sparks of light shot past him.

The particles of pure essence were being carried by the wind, moving at astonishing speed. Even more shocking was the fact that they were somehow able to affect the material plane — otherwise, there would not have been a new scratch on his vambrace.

Far below, countless such particles were striking the body of Condemnation, producing tiny sparks when colliding with cold stone. The body of the Cursed Tyrant was too vast to notice it yet, but when the swirling mass of the essence storm arrived…

Sunny shuddered.

No wonder the mysterious archer had rushed to seek shelter. Having survived in the Shadow Realm for thousands of years, they must have known how to survive the passing of a storm well. It was just that this time, they had been caught in the open, riding a colossal shadow far above ground — that was why the archer chose to dive into the depths of Condemnation despite how perilous it seemed.

'No, that's not quite right…'

The radiant storm clouds were still some distance away, so was there really a need to act so decisively?

Suddenly, Sunny felt a chilling sense of urgent danger.

Spinning around…

He just barely had time to see a swirling torrent of silver sparks rushing at him on the wind currents.

A split second later, the light had already reached Sunny and passed through him,disappearing into the darkness of the distant sky.

Sunny let out an inhuman shriek and fell, clutching desperately at his chest. The claws of the Mantle's armored gauntlet dug into his skin, leaving deep cuts on its surface.

"Aaaargh!"

He almost bit off his tongue from the harrowing pain.

The particles of soul essence had pierced his body, entering his chest and exiting from his back… however, they were so infinitely small that even being pierced by a hundred of them did not deal his body any lasting damage.

But…

The same could not be said about his soul. It was shredded and ravaged by hundreds of radiant blades, torn asunder and mangled terribly, whole swaths of it being utterly destroyed.

It was as if his soul was hit by a wave of explosive shrapnel.

At this point, most beings would have simply died, their souls crumbling due to the scope of sustained damage. However, Sunny's soul was held together by Soul Weave — it could maintain its integrity no matter how much of it was destroyed, as long as at least a small part of it remained.

So, despite writing in terrible pain, he was still alive.

'Curse it all…'

Sunny had to escape. This first torrent of pure essence was merely a harbinger of what was to come… soon, there would be more and more such swirling flashes of light being carried by the hurricane wind, and before too long, the shadow of Condemnation would plunge into the storm clouds. Then, nothing would be able to survive on its surface.

Groaning, Sunny rolled onto his stomach, then pushed his body to the edge of the obsidian island. As he crawled, a few more sparks of essence pierced his arms and legs, bringing with them more pain.

'Curse it all!'

Finally, he reached the edge and pushed himself over it without hesitating even for a moment.

'Thank the gods…'

As Sunny fell into the depths of Condemnation, a cold darkness enveloped him.

He could only vaguely see and sense the outside world. Out there,powerful gusts of wind crashed into the body of the colossal shadow, striking rains of sparks from its surface.

But here inside…

Everything was silent and at peace.

Everything was strange and alien.

Everything was…

Beholden to a single foreign force.

That force was the shadow of Condemnation, and nothing, not even laws of reality, could exist within it without being subjugated and subsumed by that force.

The islands of glossy obsidian were now part of Condemnation. The vast expanse of ancient shadows was, as well. So were the pale light of the distant essence storms, the clouds of black dust, the fragments of broken winds, and the pieces of the silent sky… time and space themselves were consumed by the shadow of the dead deity, becoming parts of it.

And naturally, now that Sunny was here… that invisible force had started to make him a part of itself, as well.

He was suddenly filled with horror.

That was because Sunny suddenly felt that his own body did not belong to him anymore.

His hands were not his. Even though they were attached to him, they were not a part of him.

His eyes belonged to someone else, gazing at the world with a cold and unfamiliar indifference.

The heart beating in his chest was a foreign object. His chest, as well, was merely an external vessel.

His wounded soul was a small part of a much greater being, and he did not feel pain anymore, since even that pain did not belong to him.

Even his mind was not his anymore, the thoughts entering it becoming alien one by one.

His body shifted strangely, bending at unnatural angles. The invisible force was pulling it apart, the flesh straining on the verge of ripping, to better fit into the great structure of the shadow of Condemnation. His bones groaned, ready to break.

'D—damn it…'

Someone else's eyes widened in horror.

Someone else's mouth opened to let out a terrified scream.




***
Chapter 2114: Switching Locations


***






Having found safety from the essence storm within the shadow of Condemnation, Sunny ended up in a different, but equally dreadful peril.

The dead deity subsumed everything around it to construct its gargantuan vessel. The great, nebulous body of Condemnation was built from things that had been torn from the fabric of the world to become parts of the colossal shadow instead.

And so, Sunny was currently being torn apart and subsumed, as well.

His body, his soul, his mind… everything was slowly being swallowed by Condemnation.

'That is… not good.'

He fell into the cold darkness, losing his sense of self as he did.

Then, his hand moved, slashing the darkness with the splinter of the ivory fang.

That bought him a few moments of respite.

Regaining some clarity of mind, Sunny pivoted in the air and crashed into a giant slab of polished obsidian that drifted in the vast expanse of the colossal shadow.

He still did not feel like himself, and there was still an invisible force pulling at his body.

But he could at least think for himself, for a moment or two.

'Right.'

Sunny tried to remain calm... as calm as he could be, considering the circumstances.

The situation was bad, but it was not hopeless.

How did he know that? Because the mysterious archer had plunged into the depths of Condemnation first. That maniac had survived thousands of years of obliteration in the Shadow Realm, so their will to live was not in question. The archer would not have jumped into this cold darkness if it meant committing suicide.

There had to be a way to survive.

Sunny just had to find it.

'...Isn't it all too simple, then?'

Someone else might have succumbed to the irresistible pull of the sinister force easily, becoming condemned to be a part of Condemnation forever. In fact, maybe that was how the cursed deity had received its eerie name, in the first place… but Sunny was different.

That was because he had crossed the Hollow Mountains once,and was well-versed in maintaining his sense of self against all odds. Even without a True Name, his will to exist was far more cohesive and powerful than that of most of his peers — of all his peers, perhaps.

It had been trained and sharpened arduously in the white mist of nothingness, and so, destroying his sense of self was not an easy task. Even with the shadow of Condemnation trying to assimilate Sunny, his natural defense mechanisms were resisting the assimilation furiously.

'What if I resisted consciously, then?'

Focusing on his sense of self, Sunny poured all of his fierce will into maintaining its independence.

'Becoming a part of some dead god? In your dreams! How ridiculous… being killed by a measly Sovereign, I could never…'

Slowly, Sunny managed to regain control of his body.

A dreadful force was still trying to pull it apart, and an insidious influence was still trying to steal his thoughts, but he could at least maintain this measure of control over himself.

His will to exist clashed against the will of the shadow of Condemnation, and pushed it back a little.

Of course, Sunny had far less willpower than the shadow of a dead deity. But he was merely a tiny speck for the shadow of Condemnation, so it did not use more than a tiny fraction of its will to consume him — even then, what little will it did use was not used consciously.

Sunny, however, was using all of his will to stay alive… to stay himself, rather. And he was doing it with all the focus and discipline of a seasoned explorer of the most dreadful corners of the Dream Realm.

So, he was able to maintain a fragile balance and keep himself from being consumed.

For now.

Which meant…

Groaning, Sunny stumbled to his left and rolled. In the next moment, an obsidian knife pierced the polished obsidian in the spot where he had been a split second before, sending a net of cracks running through the glossy stone.

If Sunny could maintain his sense of self within the shadow of Condemnation,then the damned archer would be able, too.

Which meant that their battle was not over.

It had merely switched locations.

Smiling darkly, Sunny pushed himself off the cold stone and lunged himself at the enemy. Battering the bone knife aside with the splinter of the ivory fang, he crashed into the nebulous slayer and pushed them both off the slab of obsidian.

"How does your side feel, huh, bastard?!"

As they fell, Sunny slammed his fist into the wounded side of the mysterious shadow, hoping that it would hurt like hell.

At the same time, he spread his wings and directed their fall, intending to slam the damned maniac into the closest piece of obsidian with enough force to shatter the entire thing.

The archer had already driven one of his knives into the base of one of his wings, though, severing it entirely.

Sunny cursed as he lost control over the trajectory of their fall.

"You!"

A moment later, they both crashed into the slab of obsidian with terrible force.

Even as the impact threw them away from each other, the obsidian knife flashed, and the splinter of the ivory fang blocked its blade.

Sunny and the mysterious archer rolled on the polished stone, then rose slowly and faced each other once again.

He grinned.

"Hey, little shadow… you don't look too good."

The dark silhouette of the mysterious archer was more vague and unclear than ever, black smoke still flowing from the deep wound on their side. Their strength and speed had reduced quite a bit, as well, hinting that the murderous shadow was struggling to resist the will of Condemnation.

Well, then again…

Sunny did not look too hot either.

"How about you kneel before your Lord and die peacefully? I promise, my Soul Sea is far more pleasant than this damned place. You'll even have great company…"

Instead of answering, the archer simply attacked.

Sunny had not expected anything less.




***
Chapter 2115: Spirited Away


***






As Sunny and the mysterious archer clashed once again, both burning with unquenchable, ruthless, and chillingly cold killing intent, he instantly felt the difference.

Well, of course he did.

It was hard not to feel it, considering that both of them were severely debilitated now. Their very bodies were under tremendous strain, being pulled apart by forces so vast and alien as to be unfathomable. At the same time, their souls and minds were being gradually consumed by the divine will of Condemnation... not even through its conscious effort, but simply because that was its nature.

Actually, it was not only the body, the mind, and the soul that the shadow of the cursed god was silently assimilating into itself.

There was something else, the very essence of one's existence that was being subsumed by the essence of Condemnation. Sunny had no word for it, and only knew that his will was a manifestation of that elusive essence.

Perhaps it was his spirit.

Therefore, he could only resist being consumed by the shadow of the ancient, dead god if he rallied his spirit and tempered his will against the foreign force...

But then again, at the moment, it was Sunny himself who was the foreign force within the body of Condemnation. So, if anything, he had to fight against the environment he had invaded in order to keep his self independent, if not intact.

In any case, the dire need to constantly exert all of his willpower against the eerie, marauding nature of Condemnation had naturally made him weaker, slower, and less concentrated on the battle.

Luckily, the archer was in the same situation. The damned maniac was in a worse situation, actually, because there were two unceasing assaults they had to endure — one by the will of Condemnation, the other by Sunny's own.

After all, Sunny had no intention of abandoning his attempts to bring the archer down by using his authority as the Lord of Shadows. Before,his attention had been split because he had to wrestle with the enemy over the control of surrounding shadows — but the only shadows around him now were parts of Condemnation's nebulous body. So, there was no need to bother trying to control them.

Sunny only had to resist the will of the dead god, but the archer had to resist both the will of the dead god and of Sunny himself.

It was one hell of a predicament.

Sunny would have felt some pity for the poor fool… if he was not in a terrible agony, and if every move he made did not feel like nightmarish torture. That was not only because his body was being slowly torn apart from the inside, but also because his soul had been shredded by the essence storm.

He had experienced all kinds of pain, but the phantom pain of having received soul damage was in its own, exquisitely diabolical category. His soul had not crumbled due to Soul Weave, true, but it was still severely damaged — and, therefore, the suffering he felt was accordingly terrible.

'This damned thing…'

Grasping the slender wrist of the mysterious archer and driving the splinter of the ivory fang into their elbow, Sunny ground his teeth.

'It all because of you! It's your fault, bastard!'

Shadows were taciturn creatures, so Sunny did not receive the pleasure of hearing his enemy scream in pain when the sharp piece of bone pierced their elbow joint. However, he was holding the archer's wrist, so he felt the shudder that ran through the shadow's body.

A vicious smile illuminated Sunny's pale face.

…He did hear himself scream, however, when the archer's obsidian knife plunged into his side a moment later.

Straining his abdominal muscles to grip the cold blade like a steel vice and prevent it from sliding deeper, he leaned forward and slammed his knee into the enemy's side, then pushed them away and followed up with a devastating kick, throwing the archer a dozen meters back.

Sunny himself fell backwards and groaned,pressing a hand against the deep gash in his side. At the same time, the archer crashed onto the polished stone, rolled over their shoulder, and then stood up.

This time, however, they swayed slightly while rising from the ground.

Gritting his teeth, Sunny climbed to his feet, as well.

Despite the terrible pain, the murderous glint in his eyes had only grown more unhinged.

The two of them were like two cripples here, within the cold darkness of the shadow of Condemnation. But that did nothing to assuage their killing intent.

If anything, it had only grown stronger.

"Oh look. You lost your bow."

The bow had been attached to the archer's back before, but it had disappeared at some point during their battle. Now, only the empty quiver remained, its straps frayed and barely keeping it in place.

Considering that the mysterious shadow did not seem capable of owning Memories, all of their equipment must have been meticulously crafted by hand from the scarce resources that could be found here in the Shadow Realm. So, once the equipment was lost, it could not be dismissed and summoned back. It would remain lost forever.

The loss of the bow was not a minuscule thing.

The archer remained motionless for a moment, then raised one of their knives and tapped it lightly against their side.

The meaning was pretty clear. If it was Sunny, he would have said something like...

Does your side hurt? Goodness! How terrible.

It won't hurt anymore when I kill you, though.

Despite the fact that the archer's demeanor remained cold and aloof, Sunny couldn't help but feel a hint of seething anger in that last gesture.

He grinned.

"What, that? It's just a scratch. I can't even see my innards, ha. No big deal."

It hurt like hell, though.

His whole body hurt like hell. His soul hurt, too.

Actually, this could very well be hell.

If being inside the shadow of a cursed, dead god did not constitute being in hell, then what did?

So, Sunny had to send the nebulous slayer into a deeper,darker hell.

Cursing quietly, he pushed himself forward and sent his bone blade flying at the archer's throat.




***
Chapter 2116: The Storm and the Mountain


***






The two of them continued to fight viciously, wreaking havoc inside the shadow of Condemnation. When the slab of obsidian they were clashing on cracked and shattered, Sunny and the mysterious slayer leaped through a cloud of black dust to the next one, and when that one was split in two, they chose the larger half to continue their battle.

Meanwhile, outside…

The hurricane winds had grown truly terrifying, and the darkness was chased away by the bright silver radiance. The shadow of Condemnation leaned its colossal body forward and plunged into the essence storm, making the vast wall of swirling light part with its immeasurable mass.

Usually, it was the storms that broke against the slopes of indomitable mountains. But this time, a dark mountain had moved to break the storm.

Neither the devastating wind nor the vast expanse of raging essence managed to slow the shadow of Condemnation down.

However, it was not as if the storm had no effect on it.

The essence particles could not penetrate the body of the dead god with the same ease they had pierced Sunny, but they did damage it a tiny bit. All across the immense surface of the colossal shadow, sparks of fire were struck when the streams of pure essence brushed against the glossy obsidian.

It was to a point that, in a few moments, the whole titanic figure of Condemnation seemed to be wreathed in flame.

And while each individual particle of essence dealt an infinitely small amount of damage to the walking mountain…

There was also an almost infinite amount of these particles.

So, the tiny scratches they dealt to the body of Condemnation slowly, but inevitably mounted.

It was like the wind or currents of water slowly weathering stone over the span of thousands of years, encapsulated in a manner of days, hours, and minutes. As the obsidian eroded, a cloud of black dust slowly formed around the shadow of the dead god, shining radiantly in the silver veil of the essence storm.

If Sunny saw the awesome scene of the colossal shadow walking through a storm of light, he would have understood why the giant slabs of obsidian he had seen in the Shadow Realm all seemed polished, with a smooth and glossy surface instead of the rough and uneven texture of natural stone.

But Sunny had no time to pay attention to what was happening outside the dark cosmos of Condemnation, because he was currently being strangled by a murderous shadow.

'A… crap… what the hell!'

Sunny was not a tall man, while the Nightmare Creatures he faced were usually on the enormous side. That was why he had plenty of experience climbing the bodies of his enemies to kill them… what he was not familiar with too well was being climbed like a tree.

And that was what the nimble slayer had done, circling him with elusive grace and then suddenly mounting Sunny from behind. Their legs were now wrapped around his waist, and while one of their arms was crushing his windpipe, the other was poised to plunge the bone knife into the side of his skull.

In that position, Sunny could not reach the vicious archer with the splinter of the ivory fang… in fact, he could not reach them at all, not even to bite them. All he could do was desperately struggle to hold one of their arms in the air, preventing the bone knife from making a hole in his skull, while clutching at the other in futile attempts to liberate his neck.

'Argh, damn it!'

The archer was not really trying to strangle Sunny, of course — it would take way too long to suffocate a Saint. Rather, they were trying to crush Sunny's windpipe, which would lead to suffocation naturally further down the line.

Worst of all, there was a good chance it would work.

Grinding his teeth, Sunny did the only thing he could do — he dismissed the Onyx Mantle, allowing it to turn back into the Onyx Shell. There was no point in maintaining the suit of fearsome armor, anyway, considering that the damned archer showed the ability to cut it like paper.

With his skin becoming more rigid, however, Sunny could resist the stranglehold more.

Better yet, while the Onyx Mantle was crafted with sublime intricacy and refinement, fitting him like a second layer of skin, it still had some bulk to it. When that bulk disappeared, leaving behind only a black tunic, there was a little distance between Sunny and the archer for a split second.

Sunny used that second to turn his body slightly, and then fall back, slamming the nebulous slayer into the hard surface of the cold obsidian with dire force.

The obsidian cracked, and something inside the archer seemed to crack, as well.

That was not only because of the terrible force of the slam, but also because Sunny had augmented the impact with the weight of his body — and his body could weigh as much as a modest mountain, as long as he wanted to.

Well, to be honest, Sunny had no idea how much an actual mountain weighed. But he was pretty sure that his current weight could turn an armored APC into an alloy pancake.

Despite all that, the archer's hold did not weaken even for a second.

'No way!'

Growling, Sunny pushed with his feet, and sent them both flying over the edge of the obsidian slab, into the vast darkness of the shadow of Condemnation.

Outside, the silver light continued to assault the shadow colossus. Condemnation was walking through the radiant fury of the essence storm, making the world quake with each step. It leaned its body forward and raised a titanic hand, shielding its head from the wind.

The raging river of pure essence crashed into its forearm, striking a flood of sparks and tearing a few chunks of obsidian away.

The body of the shadow of Condemnation — the obsidian, the captured shadows, the frozen light, the fragments of shattered winds — was slowly being ground by the raging ocean of essence particles.

It was growing smaller bit by tiny bit.

Deep within its dark expanse,Sunny and the vicious shadow he was trying to kill landed violently on another enormous chunk of polished black obsidian. This one was much larger than the rest and perfectly spherical in shape, located in the space where a human heart would have been.

Since space was twisted and broken inside the shadow of the dead god, just like time was, there was no real up and down here. Sunny rolled across the glossy black surface, but never fell further down — because no matter where on the enormous sphere he stood, down was always below him.

Standing up with a stifled groan, he briefly looked around.

The alien expanse of the shadow of Condemnation was no different from before.

It was just that…

A confused frown appeared on Sunny's face for a short moment.

'Does it not… feel more cramped in here now, somehow?'




***
Chapter 2117: Supreme Strength


***






At this point, Sunny was in rough shape. He was not going to bleed out, for obvious reasons, but pain was not the only consequence of being repeatedly cut and stabbed by the eerily sharp knives of his merciless enemy.

His skin had a powerful property that allowed it to heal itself, but the same could not be said about the muscles and tendons beneath. Most of the wounds were shallow, but the accumulated damage was subtly diminishing his mobility.

And that was without even mentioning the terrible state of his shredded soul, as well as the spiritual exhaustion of having to push against the will of a dead deity.

Sunny felt like crap.

That last blow had been especially debilitating, for some reason — having crashed into the surface of the enormous obsidian sphere, Sunny had the wind knocked out of him entirely. He remained motionless for a split second too long, laying on the cold stone, then staggered to his feet and looked around briefly.

Somehow, the alien expanse of Condemnation, with its vast darkness, frozen glimmers of silver light, nebulous clouds of black dust, and jagged slabs of obsidian drifting in the cold emptiness… felt smaller than it had before, like a galaxy that was slowly collapsing under the pull of a supermassive black hole at its center.

But he had no time to ponder the cosmic beauty of dead deities.

Lowering his gaze, Sunny glared at the mysterious archer.

His enemy had already risen from the ground. The murderous shadow did not seem to be faring well, either — it was hard to spot any wounds on their body behind the veil of ghostly black smoke, which veiled it like a tattered cloak, but the silent slayer's overall form was now much more vague and less substantial than before.

As if struggling to maintain its shape at all.

Sunny knew for a fact that the archer was hurting. There was the deep penetrating wound in their side and a dozen minor cuts here and there… one of their elbow joints was utterly destroyed, as well.The extent of damage was evident by the fact that the shadow moved their right hand awkwardly and sheathed the bone knife, leaving only the obsidian blade pointing at Sunny.

He smiled as he massaged his bruised neck.

"Why don't you use that knife to slit your own throat?"

These words seemed like mere provocation, but in fact, they were not. They were an order empowered by his authority as the Lord of Shadows, and as such, carried his will.

The archer's hand trembled, but refused to move in the end. Instead, the cold, frightening presence emanating from the ragged shadow grew even more intense, making Sunny shiver.

His smile widened.

"...Maybe not."

With that, Sunny raised his ivory blade and took a step forward.

The archer advanced with swift, murderous grace. Sunny could see the enemy, and he could sense the enemy as well — after all, he was facing a shadow. He had already gained a deep understanding of how the slayer of the Shadow Realm fought, so he could predict where the next attack would come from.

The obsidian blade was going to fly at his neck.

So, Sunny lowered his blade and protected his abdomen, instead, saving himself from being gutted when the obsidian knife suddenly struck low.

He had already established that the damned maniac knew how to deceive his shadow sense, after all. Either his enemy had rich experience of battling those who followed Shadow God, and therefore possessed abilities similar to Sunny's, or they knew how to weave deception into their movements simply by virtue of being an old and devious shadow themselves.

So, at any given moment, the opposite of what Sunny thought was going to happen could happen.

The problem was that the archer also knew that Sunny had seen through the deception, so they would sometimes just go through with the telegraphed attacks instead.

It was nothing short of vexing, as well as the reason why Sunny had so many holes in him by now.

'You vile thing...'

Binding the obsidian knife with the splinter of the ivory fang, Sunny twisted the archer's wrist — or at least tried to — and punched with his free hand, intending to split the enemy's skull open. However, the elusive shadow was too swift and nimble, leaning a little and taking a flowing side step to avoid his fist.

Sunny tried to grapple them, but the archer slid from his grasp like a dark wind. A moment later, there was already a ceaseless onslaught of lethal attacks flying his way, and Sunny had no choice but to defend himself.

He had hoped that with his enemy losing the ability to use one hand, the cadence of the battle would change. But even left with only the obsidian knife, the vicious shadow never slowed down the suffocating, oppressive assault — it was just that, now, the archer was using their legs more, subjecting Sunny to a devastating barrage of sudden kicks.

Their combat technique remained swift, meticulous, supremely aggressive, and absolutely murderous. And while Sunny would not be cut by a kick, the devastating concussive force of each one was wreaking havoc with his inner organs.

If this continued in the same manner, he wasn't going to win. He was going to either die, or — much more likely — be driven into such a weakened state that he would not be able to resist the will of Condemnation anymore, which was a fate worse than death.

Sunny remained calm… but he was also at his wits' end.

Ever since deciding to return to the embrace of civilization, he had often found himself in situations where his powers were severely restricted.

However, he had never once considered these instances as an impairment — if anything, they were empowering, proving how versatile his Aspect was. It was to the point that no matter what dire limitations were placed on him, Sunny was never left without a multitude of choices on how to deal with the situation.

Adaptability was king, and therefore, it was the supreme form of strength. So,what some would see as being weakened, Sunny saw as the most indisputable proof of strength.

But!

But… wasn't this situation a little bit too much?! Here within the Shadow of Condemnation, Sunny was not just stripped of some of his powers, he was basically stripped of all his powers. Even Shadow Dance, which had never betrayed him before, was proving to be useless against the damned archer.

He was reduced to using only his fists and a sharp piece of bone, like some kind of caveman… worse even than a Sleeper, barely qualified to be compared to an Aspirant. What next? Would he be forced to use his teeth like a beast?!

Sunny was seriously angry.

'To hell with this…'

Glaring at the archer, he smiled viciously and decided to be as desperate and beastly as he could be.




***
Chapter 2118: Like a Beast


***






Outside, the shadow of Condemnation continued to wade through the fury of the essence storm. The dark colossus took step after step, indomitable, unfeeling… the world quaked under its steps, and the raging ocean of silver essence had no choice but to part in front of it.

The devastating winds were powerless to stop the titanic shadow, and the inescapable annihilation of the soul storm could not destroy it.

The storm did damage it, however.

Little by little, the dark mountain of Condemnation's nebulous body was being ground down by the infinitely small, intangible particles of soul essence. The great slabs of obsidian were slowly growing smaller, the cold expanse of frozen darkness was diminishing, and everything else that had been condemned to be a part of the dead god's shadow was gradually disappearing into the silver radiance.

As it did, the inconceivably tall figure of the dark colossus was gradually shrinking.

Already, its enormous height had been reduced by a few hundred meters. The girth of its titanic torso had diminished, the circumference of its gargantuan forearms had dwindled.

The deeper into the storm Condemnation went, the faster its massive body was being ground by the raging torrents of essence.

Like a shadow was slowly melting in light.

Within the vast darkness of its body, meanwhile…

Even Sunny had noticed that the nebulous sea of darkness around him was growing smaller, and that the outer edges of the dead god's shadow were drawing nearer. He had no way of knowing what was happening, however, since the very nature of space within Condemnation was strange and alien.

Sunny had other matters to worry about, anyway.

Namely, the damned archer.

Just as he thought that he saw a glimmer of endless silver radiance somewhere far away, the obsidian knife flashed toward his heart, and as Sunny turned his torso to avoid it, a crushing kick came barreling at his ribs from the side.

This time, however, he was ready for it.

Not because of his intricate mastery of Shadow Dance or insight into the vicious shadow's ruthless battle style, though. It was simply because, considering the circumstances, this kick was the optimal and most damaging action his enemy could perform — in short, it was because Sunny would have done the same.

So, he managed to catch the calf of the mysterious archer, feeling surprised for a moment by how slender it was despite packing such a devastating punch… well, devastating kick, really.

The momentary surprise did not slow Sunny down, however. Holding the archer's leg in place, he instantly brought the splinter of the ivory fang down with dire force, piercing the base of their thigh and ruthlessly pulling the blade toward himself to slice the enemy's leg open to the very knee.

The archer shuddered.

It was a definite win for Sunny, but one that he knew would come at a cost — because by using both of his hands to deliver the terrible wound, he was leaving himself open to a fatal retaliation.

The obsidian knife flashed toward his throat, but Sunny lowered his head and caught it with his teeth.

As his lips were cut open…

He grinned and tightened his jaw, biting through the black blade and shattering it completely.

'My teeth are no joke, you fool…'

They were altered into a deadly weapon in their own right by Bone Weave, after all.

Finally, the archer seemed taken aback a little.

But it only lasted a split second.

Then, leaving one of their legs in Sunny's grasp, the vicious shadow jumped up and delivered an absolutely crushing kick to the side of Sunny's head with the other one.

Sunny saw stars.

Falling to the ground and choking on sharp shards of obsidian, he let out a stifled laugh.

"Ouch. Ouch… that one really hurt…"

The archer landed on their wounded leg, stumbled, and fell to one knee.

A split second later, without any pause, they instantly unsheathed the discarded bone knife and lunged at Sunny, aiming to finally end his life.

Raising a hand weakly,he tried to stop the enemy from landing on him.

…Or so it seemed.

Instead, as soon as Sunny's fingers touched the mysterious archer, he smiled wider… and pulled them both into the embrace of the shadows.

Using Shadow Step was dangerous, but being killed by the damned maniac was, obviously, more dangerous.

That was why he had conceived of this plan.

Diving into the familiar darkness, Sunny found it not familiar at all. That was only to be expected, considering that the shadows he dove into were not the caring shadows he had known before. They were a part of Condemnation now, and therefore, their dark depths were a part of Condemnation, too.

The eroding nature of the Shadow Realm affected Sunny even here, though. He had known that it would — the radiant trail of essence behind the dead god was proof, and the occasional motes of light that drifted both from himself and from the mysterious archer as they fought were, as well.

Now that Sunny had abandoned his corporeal form — and forced his enemy into abandoning theirs — the Shadow Realm tore into them with a much more obliterating pace.

Their dark souls were dissolving now at a much faster rate than before… which was a cause for concern, without a doubt.

However, Sunny's soul, while damaged, was still empowered and held together by Soul Weave.

And the murderous archer had not looked too solid and unscathed even before being plunged into the embrace of shadows.

'Let's see which one of us lasts longer.'

Sunny felt a sense of vicious glee.

The archer, now a formless shadow, tried to escape from his grip and rush back to the material plane.

But Sunny just held them tighter, now allowing the enemy to flee.

'Where are you going now, bastard? Why, what happened?! Weren't you hellbent on killing me?!'

Piercing him with arrows and cutting him with sharp knives... the wicked thing had to pay.

The archer just struggled more desperately.

Sunny, of course, did not let go.

He wanted to laugh, but sadly,he had no mouth at the moment.

'Die!'

…Outside, the shadow of Condemnation had already shrunk to half its size under the assault of the annihilating torrents of silver essence.

Finally, one of its legs grew too thin to support its prodigious weight.

As the shadow colossus lowered its foot to take another step, its shin shattered and split apart.

Condemnation fell.

The entire world shuddered when its gargantuan, mountain-like body crashed heavily into the ground.

…Deep within the body of the dead god, Sunny felt something changing. He was momentarily confused.

'Huh?'

Then, the darkness quaked, and both he and the murderous archer were thrown out of it, back into the harshness of the material world.

Around them, the nebulous body of Condemnation was collapsing.




***
Chapter 2119: On the Other Side


***






Sunny once again found himself laying on the smooth, cold surface of the obsidian sphere… only, this time, it wasn't so smooth, covered by a net of deep cracks.

Time and space were convulsing all around him, making it feel as if the world itself was falling apart. High above, the shimmering clouds of black dust were boiling. The vast expanse of darkness was in a state of flux, flowing in a raging current. The frozen glimmers of distant light were being extinguished one by one.

The drifting slabs of obsidian were colliding and shattering, turning into violently expanding clouds of stone shards.

He was in no state to pay attention to the cosmic cataclysm, however, because the state of his own body and soul was just as terrible.

'Aaah…'

Sunny did not feel too well.

Worst of all… while he possessed seven bodies, he only had one soul. And due to its current pitiful state, the Lord of Shadow wasn't feeling too hot either, out there in the Hollows. His other incarnation, hidden in the camp of the Song Army, was suffering as well.

Luckily, he had somehow managed to hide his weakened state from those around him. The last avatar was currently alone in the basement of the Marvelous Mimic, at least…

But those three weren't his concern right now. It was his original body, which was in danger of being destroyed, that was in trouble.

'How did this even happen… I was supposed to be living peacefully in Bastion, making pancakes...'

Groaning, Sunny tried to stand up.

But as he did, the obsidian sphere shuddered and split apart, throwing him down again.

Down, down, down…

After a few moments of falling, the word lost its meaning, since all directions became one.

What the hell was happening?

Something was wrong with the shadow of Condemnation. An infinite expanse of blinding silver radiance was enveloping the vast darkness of its nebulous body, and somewhere out there, the endless expanse of rolling black hills was far closer than it was supposed to be, moving as it slowly fell behind.

As if the dead god was not walking anymore, but crawling instead.

The world became smaller and smaller…

Until everything turned dark.

And then, Sunny could suddenly feel his weight once again.

He was thrown violently into the cold air, the wind assaulting him with cruel force. Down became down again, and up became up. At the same time, he found himself falling once more, plummeting from a great height.

He was surrounded by shadows, too.

Sunny only paid attention to one of the changes that had happened to the world, however — it was that the insidious pull of Condemnation's will, which had been attempting to consume him all this time, was suddenly gone.

'...I am outside the shadow of Condemnation.'

No sooner than Sunny realized that, his battered body crashed violently into something hard. He bounced off the tough surface with a stifled scream, then fell again and rolled down the slope of a tall dune, throwing a cloud of dust into the air.

Slamming into something at the foot of the dune, Sunny groaned and opened his eyes, seeing the black sky of the Shadow Realm above him.

…Black sky?

There were no silver clouds of raging essence neither above nor around him, meaning that he was outside the essence storm, as well.

He was safe.

Well… safe from the storm, at least.

His whole existence, however, was nothing but agony. His body was in excruciating pain, and his soul was too. Even his mind was utterly exhausted and reeling, barely able to function.

Ignoring all that, Sunny muttered a breathless curse and slowly pushed himself off the ground, standing up with a stagger.

Then, he looked around to assess the situation.

At first, he struggled to understand what he was seeing and sensing.

The familiar landscape of the Shadow Realm — the desolate expanse of dark hills — had disappeared. Instead, massive, strangely shaped white ridges were stretching into the distance as far as the eye could see. All around him, narrow boulders were strewn about in long clusters, some small, some towering at hundreds of meters in height.

Ahead of him, the radiant white wall of the swirling essence was slowly moving away.

Looking at it, Sunny realized that he was on the other side of the soul storm. The shadow of Condemnation… must have torn through it, after all, only collapsing when the danger had passed.

Then, he shivered as he recognized the nature of the strange boulders around him.

Those weren't boulders… they were bones. They were the remains of Soul Serpents, forming a vast field. Most were much smaller than the colossal skeleton he had seen before, though.

Which was not to say that they were small.

The hard surface that had arrested his fall was the spine of a dead Soul Serpent.

He was in a vast graveyard where countless bones lay, towering above the black dust.

Looking down, Sunny even noticed a human skull laying among the shattered bones.

Then, he was distracted by a sudden noise.

Turning around, Sunny saw two things at the same time.

Hundreds of meters away, a vague shadow was struggling to coalesce into a solid shape, writing on the ground. The damned archer seemed to have survived, as well.

And between them…

The remains of the shadow of Condemnation lay.

The dark colossus was gone, and all that was left of its great obsidian body was a tall hill of fine black dust, no different from all the others.

However, something was moving in the air above the obsidian dune.

At first, it looked like a small twister — a mere gust of wind that spun weakly, sucking up black dust and tiny stones as it moved.

But then, Sunny saw a shard of bone being absorbed into its twisting mass, rising high into the air and then freezing in place at the heart of the strange anomaly. A moment later, a larger piece of bone

flew up, and not too far away, a giant skull of a dead serpent trembled, rising a few centimeters above the ground.

The whirlwind was slowly growing larger… and stronger. Consuming more and more of what was around it.

It was then that Sunny understood what he was looking at.

The body of the shadow of Condemnation might have been gone, but the invisible force that had built it from usurped parts of the world — the dead deity itself — was not.

In fact, it was already starting to build a new vessel for itself.

The shadow of Condemnation was right in front of him, intact.

Which meant…

Sunny glanced at the splinter of the ivory fang in his hand, then at the murderous archer who was slowly rising to their feet in the distance.

Then, he pushed his battered body forward with a greedy grin.




***
Chapter 2120: Godslayer


***






The shadow of Condemnation had not been destroyed, but it was currently vulnerable. And while Sunny and the ruthless slayer of the Shadow Realm were both in quite a sorry state, they were also both positioned perfectly to deal the weakened deity a fatal blow.

Well, Sunny was alive. The mysterious shadow was dead, but... refusing to depart.

In any case, either of them could kill the shadow of Condemnation. The only question was who would strike first.

So, Sunny rushed forward without wasting any time. Or he tried to, at least… sadly, his body was damaged quite severely, so the best he could manage was limping forward with urgent haste.

'Ah, it hurts…'

That was what he would have thought in any other circumstances. But currently, there was only one thought in his mind:

'Kill it, kill it… I must kill it first!'

Smiling darkly, Sunny limped toward the whirlwind of black dust while gripping the splinter of the ivory fang tightly. Far away, the mysterious archer had finally managed to settle their form and rose from the ground, ignoring the harrowing wound on their thigh entirely.

'Crap.'

Sunny could feel the chilling gaze of the archer shift, landing on him first, and then moving on to the shadow of Condemnation.

'Crap!'

Gritting his teeth, Sunny commanded the shadows to manifest into dark wings behind him… however, just then, the will of the murderous archer slammed into the world, forcing the shadows to cower in fear.

"You damn traitors!"

Cursing loudly, Sunny broke into a sprint.

The archer was moving, as well…

But he was faster.

Sunny had come to his senses first, and so, he reached the shadow of Condemnation first.

Leaping into the air, he plunged into the whirlwind of black dust. For a moment, the familiar alien force pulled at his mind, body, and soul, trying to absorb them — but it was much weaker now, so he simply ignored it.

A moment later...

He stabbed his ivory blade into the very heart of the dark whirlwind, where a perfect sphere was slowly forming from the shard of shattered bone.

A mundane blade might not have been able to hurt the intangible force that was Condemnation.

But Sunny was using the fang of a Soul Serpent, and of an unfathomably powerful one, at that. Soul Serpents were conduits of Death, and Sunny was its heir… so, he sharpened his will into infinitely cold killing intent, and channeled that intent into the splinter of the ancient bone, willing it to deliver death and destruction to the shadow of the dead god.

It seemed to have worked.

When the ivory blade pierced the heart of Condemnation…

Sunny sensed an imperceptible ripple spread through the world.

And then, he felt something ancient and indescribably vast break apart.

And then, he felt nothing but hollow emptiness take its place.

The whirlwind of wind was suddenly torn apart, and the black dust settled.

The shards of bone fell to the ground.

Sunny fell, too.

The splinter of the ivory fang had shattered, leaving only a small piece of bone in his fist.

But…

As he fell, his eyes widened, and a nearly inexhaustible torrent of shadow fragments — far greater than anything he had ever experienced before — flooded his soul.

It was both exhilarating and terrifying.

He could feel his shadow cores, which had been damaged somewhat by the Shadow Realm, being replenished and rebuilt to how they were before.

And it did not stop there.

The raging torrent of shadow fragments filled his soul, saturating it…

And deep within its dark depths, the seventh, final core had finally come to fruition, igniting with lightless splendor.

Falling onto the dune of black dust, Sunny rolled down its slope and let out a short, panicking laugh.

'Crap, crap, crap…'

In the next moment, the familiar agony of a new shadow core being formed sundered his mind, making Sunny scream and convulse.

This time, there was no soothing voice of the Spell to accompany him through the process. He had not woven corresponding words into the Handy Bracelet, so the bracelet was silent, as well.

In fact, it had not even announced the slaying of the shadow of Condemnation — probably because it had no idea what to do when Sunny destroyed shadows, which were not technically alive, and therefore couldn't be killed.

'G—g… get a… get a grip, you idiot!'

Sunny struggled through the pain, trying to regain awareness of his surroundings.

Replenishing the spent fragments was a good thing. Finally forming the seventh core and becoming a Titan was simply splendid. That was why he had come to the Realm of Death, after all.

But he had really chosen a terribly unfortunate moment to accomplish this wonderful feat.

Because…

Just as Sunny tried to stand up, a merciless hand gripped his neck and roughly pulled him up.

'Crap!'

The shadow archer was still alive.

…And full of fury, it seemed, glaring at Sunny through the wisps of ghostly smoke with chilling malice.

Half-paralyzed by the dreadful pain of his soul being torn apart by the emerging shadow core, and his very being changing, Sunny shifted his weight and kicked the archer with as much strength as he could muster.

For a moment, he felt like his neck would break, but it slipped from the enemy's iron grip instead. Sunny was pushed away and fell on the black dust, rolling further down the slope of the dune.

The archer pursued.

Crashing into a towering rib of a dead Soul Serpent at the foot of the hill, Sunny groaned weakly and tried to crawl away.

"Aaargh!"

Damn! Why did it hurt so much!

The archer caught him after a few moments. Sunny rolled, avoiding the foot that would have crushed his skull otherwise, and raised his arms to defend himself. A devastating blow descended upon him, almost caving his ribcage in, and a moment later, a harrowing kick sent him flying into the air.

Sunny landed in a heap and rolled a couple of times, coming face to face with the human skull he had noticed earlier.

The skull stared at him with gaping black holes of its empty eye sockets, making Sunny shiver.

Would his own skull be left laying here, forlorn and forgotten, as well?

Rolling onto his back, he rose a little and caught the archer's foot, which had almost reached his head by then.

No… considering how vicious this bastard was, there was no chance in hell that his skull would be left intact.

Sunny had saved his head from being kicked straight off his shoulders, but in the next moment, he was punched in the face instead.

Flying back, Sunny crashed into the spine of a dead Soul Serpent and fell to his knees. His vision was blurred, and he tasted blood on his tongue.

'I'm actually bleeding… wow…'

He was practically drowning in blood.

The pain was subsiding, at least.

Raising his head to look at the blurry figure of the approaching archer, Sunny spat a mouthful of blood...

And smiled.

"Hey, fool…"

The archer did not pay his words any attention, raising their fist to deliver the final strike.

Sunny tensed his muscles, preparing himself.

"...Behind you."

The murderous shadow froze for a split second, then spun around.

But it was already too late.

Because there, behind them, another Sunny was already bringing down his fist with all the dreadful power of a Transcendent Titan.

It was the long-awaited seventh shadow.




***
Chapter 2121: Titan


***






The Seventh Shadow's titanic blow landed on the archer's spine and sent them flying like a tattered doll — or at least it would have, if not for the original body, who lunged forward at the same time to

deliver a strike of his own.

The opposite momentum of his blow made the impact utterly devastating, damaging the surroundings and sending a shrapnel of bone fragments flying in all directions.

'Ah… ouch…'

His tortured body did not respond well to the violent strain of the battle, though. In fact, it felt like he was on the verge of collapse.

But that was alright.

Because there was another, entirely fresh Sunny ready to pick up the slack.

As soon as the archer landed on the ground, the seventh incarnation was already upon them. The enemy was weakened and dazed, but still dangerous. Even slowed down by the oppressive commands of the Lord of Shadows, they managed to dodge the lethal attack and roll away, standing up a moment later...

Still burning with the same cold, murderous determination.

Sunny smiled weakly as he pushed his original body from the ground.

The mysterious shadow was truly stubborn. Or maybe they simply did not know any better, having spent thousands of years slaying others in order to survive. Did it even remember anything except hunting and killing? Was it even capable of giving up?

It did not matter, anyway.

Even if the archer's resolve was infinite, they were already too far gone. Whatever strength they had left was enough to kill one Sunny, perhaps, but not two, especially with the second one bearing no physical wounds.

Surrounded by the towering remains of the dead serpents, the three of them fought without holding anything back. The ground quaked from the fury of their desperate clash, but it swiftly became apparent that the archer had no hope of emerging whole from that fight.

Sunny even felt a little dirty, for a brief moment, for ganging up on the murderous shadow.

But that bizarre and ridiculous notion quickly disappeared, replaced by vindictive glee.

'...So what?'

So what if it was two against one?

That was what the damned maniac deserved!

Sure, in other circumstances, even seven of his incarnations would not have been enough to kill the vicious slayer of the Shadow Realm, let alone two. After all, he kept calling his enemy "the archer" for a reason — the mysterious shadow was obviously a sublime master of archery and ranged combat, using traps, cunning, and meticulous ambush tactics to hunt down their prey.

Melee combat was not even their true area of competence, unlike his, yet that was exactly what Sunny had forced upon them.

Not to mention the fact that all of the archer's careful preparations had been rendered useless when the shadow of Condemnation stomped through their hunting grounds, pursued by the Creatures of Darkness.

There was no telling how many of those dreadful beings the archer had fought, defeated, and destroyed before Sunny showed up, either — so, from the very start, he had been fighting someone weakened and drained by a long, unforgiving battle.

But what of it?

Sunny had been in a dire state from the very start, himself. His powers were severely restricted, and he could not even risk summoning his Shadows.

So, he sincerely believed…

That even if the two of them had clashed in their peak states, the end would have been the same.

The archer would have been killed, and Sunny would have been the killer.

Just like he was going to kill the damned thing now.

The archer was still fighting, but their strength was dwindling. The Seventh Shadow calmly dodged their crushing blows, delivering one cruel, inescapable strike after another in return. The original body served to distract and slow down the enemy, allowing for these strikes to land.

When the murderous shadow tried to switch targets and finish off the original body first, the seventh avatar would ruthlessly punish the moment of distraction, thus making destroying the more battered version of Sunny impossible. He had mastered the strange art of fighting as a group, after all — the two incarnations moved in perfect harmony with each other, weaving an inescapable net of death.

Sunny evaded a swift and devastating kick with flowing grace, then used his other body to lunge at the archer from behind. The shadow sidestepped his lunge easily, but that took a precious moment — a split second later, Sunny's fist struck the side of their head, sending the enemy reeling.

And using that opportunity, the original body delivered a vicious kick to the side of the archer's knee, feeling something crack with dark satisfaction.

…It was a little barbaric, to simply batter the mysterious shadow to death. But what could he do? All his weapons were gone, and even the last splinter of the great ivory fang had shattered when he destroyed the shadow of Condemnation. Now, only a piece of it remained, still clenched in Sunny's fist to add some weight to his punches.

He inhaled hoarsely.

"Just give up and die with grace…"

As the archer regained their balance and raised their arms to block an obliterating blow, the seventh shadow added:

"Find peace within me. Or whatever…"

Their enemy looked almost like a ghost now, having lost most of their solidity. Black smoke was flowing from countless wounds on the archer's body, surrounding them like a billowing veil. The contours of the graceful body beneath it had always been nebulous, but now, they were so vague as to almost seem immaterial.

It was time to end this.

Sunny might have harbored a grudge against the mysterious archer, but an enemy like that…

They deserved a clean death, at least.

Lunging forward with both of his bodies, he sent one of them low, while the other struck high.

The archer staggered back, avoiding the strike to their head, but they failed to avoid the original body. A moment later, Sunny managed to grab them and wrestle them to the ground.

This was the end.

While the seventh avatar grabbed the archer's arms, the original body pressed the enemy into the ground with all the prodigious weight allowed to him by the [Feather of Truth] and raised his fists.

His face was calm and cold when he struck down, aiming to split the mysterious shadow's skull.

One blow was not enough, so he struck again, and again, and again…

Until even the Onyx Shell could not keep up with the devastating power of his blows, and the skin on his knuckles split, drops of crimson blood falling into the ghostly wisps of black smoke.

The archer was still struggling, but by now, their movements were so weak that it did not matter.

Taking a deep breath, Sunny allowed for the shard of ivory fang he was still holding in his fist to slide down, and then caught it between his fingers.

He brought the sharp edge of the bone fragment to the archer's throat.

However, just as he was about to slice it open...

A friendly voice resounded from the darkness.

"My, oh my. I wouldn't do that…"




***
Chapter 2122: Friendly Advice


***






Sunny froze, suddenly feeling cold fear grasp his heart.

It was a jarring transition to experience, from the cold resolve of ending an enemy's life — and all the confidence that came with it — to utter unease and a piercing sense of alarm.

But what else was he supposed to feel when hearing a disembodied voice resound from the darkness of the Shadow Realm?

Added to that was the fact that the voice had not spoken in the familiar language of the waking world. Instead, it had spoken in a dialect of the ancient language that the later civilizations of the Dream Realm used.

Still holding the sharp shard of bone to the archer's throat, Sunny cautiously looked around. He spread his shadow sense in all directions, too, feverishly trying to find the source of the voice.

There was no one.

Feeling his mouth turn dry, Sunny lingered for a bit, and then asked in a hoarse voice:

"...Who's speaking?"

His other incarnation was similarly tense, ready to shield the original body from danger if need be.

There were a few moments of silence, and then the voice answered in a nonchalant, somewhat friendly tone:

"I am."

Sunny blinked.

'What the…'

This time, he was able to pinpoint the direction from which the voice was coming better. It was very close.

And low to the ground.

His gaze explored the graveyard of serpents, until finally falling on something he had seen before, but did not pay a lot of attention to.

A lone human skull laying amidst the serpent bones, attached to a partially destroyed human skeleton. There was no spark of life in the battered skeleton, and even when Sunny shifted his gaze, there was neither the radiance of soul essence nor the vile darkness of Corruption inside the old bones.

However, as he watched, he noticed a tiny mote of light drifting into the air from inside the gaping black hole of the skull's empty eye socket.

Just then, the skeleton spoke:

"My, oh my! When you look at me like that, boy, I get shy."

Sunny shuddered.

The jaws of the ancient skull did not move, but the voice definitely… definitely was coming from inside it.

He stared at the skeleton with wide eyes for some time, then forced himself to open his mouth.

"I... know you, don't I?"

The white skull, obviously, did not show any reaction.

"Do you? Goodness gracious! How odd. Never have I imagined being known by such esteemed personas… I am nothing but a humble slave, after all."

Sunny smiled darkly.

"Well, what would you know… so am I."

The skeleton laughed.

"No, no… the likes of me can't even be compared to the exalted beings like you. A genuine divine shadow! Who would have thought that even after Shadow God's death, his shadows would continue to roam the world… my, oh my! How despicable."

Sunny narrowed his eyes and remained silent for a while.

Then, he said somberly:

"You are Eurys of the Nine."

Now, he was convinced that the talkative skeleton was exactly who he had assumed it to be. It was the mysterious creature Nephis had taken off a mystical tree in the Nightmare Desert to use as a guide.

But how had he ended up in the Shadow Realm? According to Nephis, she had parted with Eurys in the outer reaches of the Underworld.

The white skull stared at Sunny expressionlessly for a while, then said evenly:

"Huh. So you do know me."

Sunny lingered for a moment, considering what to do next. The skeleton had not harmed Nephis… but that did not mean that he would not or did not have the ability to harm Sunny. After all, not just anyone could endure thousands of years of a strange unlife, being nailed to a tree in a literal hell.

It was unfathomable how Eurys was able to exist, to begin with.

But first things first…

Lowering his gaze, Sunny looked at the weakly struggling archer, then shifted his gaze back to the battered skeleton.

"You said that you wouldn't have killed this thing? Why?"

Eurys of the Nine chuckled.

"Oh, it's just a piece of friendly advice, from one slave to another. Think about it, boy… she has been hunting down shadows for thousands of years here, in the realm of Shadow God, instead of quietly succumbing to death. Such a defiant spirit! What do you think will happen when you kill her, and her shadow enters your Soul Sea instead?"

Sunny suddenly felt a chill run down his spine.

He… had not considered that.

There was definitely some truth to the skeleton's words. By all accounts, once a shadow traveled to the Shadow Realm, it was supposed to peacefully succumb to the divine will of its creator and be annihilated, turning into pure soul essence — like the shadows of the Awakened soldiers he had seen.

Even the shadow of Condemnation, despite having seemingly retained some of its agency, simply followed the law of the Shadow Realm and attempted the pilgrimage to its supposed center, dissolving into essence in the process.

However, the mysterious archer was different…

Not only had they… she, apparently… defied the natural way of things by roaming the Shadow Realm as she pleased, but she had also refused to be annihilated, surviving for thousands of years by slaying other shadows instead.

Sunny had long suspected that his Soul Sea was like a nascent, miniature version of the Shadow Realm. If so, the laws governing it would be much weaker, and much easier to defy, than the ruthless laws governing the Realm of Death.

So, what would happen if he killed the mysterious archer?

…Wouldn't he be just inviting a serial killer into his soul?

He shuddered.

Noticing his reaction, the battered skeleton let out a laugh.

"I see you realized the danger. She has become quite feral, hasn't she? Such a shame… my, oh my! The person was so valiant and righteous, yet the shadow is so wicked and vicious."

Sunny stared at the white skull with a frown.

"You say it as if you knew her."

Eurys remained silent for a bit, then laughed.

"Why, of course! After all, she is one of the Nine."




***
Chapter 2123: Courting Death


***






One of the Nine…

Sunny considered these words for a few moments, a deep frown twisting his bruised face. The seventh incarnation just raised an eyebrow, maintaining a nonchalant attitude.

He had encountered traces left behind by the mysterious Nine a few times throughout the years. However, he knew neither who the members of this nebulous group were nor what their purpose was. All he knew was that they seemed to have left deep scars on the history of the Dream Realm.

Auro of the Nine, the adversary of his First Nightmare.

Eurys of the Nine, the guide who had led Nephis to her Second Nightmare.

And Alethea of the Nine, the First Seeker… the source of the Defilement whose destruction had ended their Third.

And now, here was the fourth.

…A shadow of the fourth, at least.

Sunny stared at the dazed archer, then turned to study the white skull intently before speaking.

"And who, exactly, are the Nine?"

A few particles of light escaped from the empty eye sockets of the skull before it answered in a neutral tone:

"It seems you do not know me, after all."

Sunny smiled darkly.

"I know that you are avoiding the answer, though."

Eurys sighed.

"If our tale has been forgotten, then let it remain so. It's not something to be proud of, anyway... and all of us are dead now, hopefully."

He seemed reluctant to share.

Sunny considered his next words for a few moments. He wanted to know the secrets of the Nine desperately, but at the same time, he was wary of the motionless skeleton.

It would probably be best not to irritate the strange being, especially in his current state…

At least not yet.

Sunny finally spoke:

"You don't seem that dead, though. And yet here you are... how did you end up in the Shadow Realm? You're not a shadow."

Nephis had left Eurys in the Underworld, so what was the talkative skeleton doing here?

The battered skeleton laughed.

"How did I end up here, indeed? Simple, really… I walked here."

Sunny continued to stare at the white skull, not amused.

Eurys sighed.

"What? I really did. It was hard to reach the Shadow Realm before, but now that it has no master and all the realms seem to have been fused together, it's easier to travel from one to another. The Realm of Death always shared a connection to the Underworld, which served as the boundary between the lands of the living and the lands of the dead. Now, it simply lies beneath it. If you jump into the Abyss, you'll end up falling into the Shadow Realm… that was what I did."

Sunny's eyes narrowed slightly, and he couldn't help but look up.

Slowly, it dawned on him that the starless black sky above him was not a sky at all. In fact… he was deep underground. Deeper even than the Underworld, which lay beneath the Hollow Mountains.

However, the Shadow Realm was vast. So, it seemed that there was an entire subterranean world beneath the known surface of the Dream Realm, stretching all the way from the Forgotten Shore to… who knew where. He would only find out if he crossed the entirety of the Realm of Death and found a way to the surface on the other side, if it even existed.

Did other entrances to the Shadow Realm exist?

He was suddenly fascinated by the question.

If they did…

Then maybe one was hidden in the caverns under the Forgotten Shore, where the dark sea had once sought shelter from the ruthless sun. Another could be hidden in the empty abyss below the Chained Isles…

This matter was not exactly important, but as an explorer, Sunny could not help but be enchanted by the mystery.

The presence of the Creatures of Darkness could be explained by proximity to the Underworld, as well. It was very curious.

However, he had more pressing issues to address. For example, the motives of the mysterious skeleton.

Glancing at the expressionless skull, Sunny frowned.

"Why would you come here, though? The Shadow Realm is not exactly a hospitable place. In fact, its promise is one of death and annihilation."

Eurys of the Nine chuckled.

"What an apt description! But that is exactly why I wanted to come here. You seem to have been blessed by Shadow God, boy… but I, on the contrary, was cursed by him. Me, Azarax, Kanakht, and a few others — my, oh my! What a bunch of pitiful wretches we are. We were banished from death, and so, we are unable to die."

He remained silent for a few moments, and then added:

"Shadow God is gone, though. So I've made the journey myself and came to the Realm of Death to be annihilated. Ah… but it's taking a while. So tedious."

Just as he said that, another mote of light drifted into the air from within the white bones, proving that the Shadow Realm was, indeed, slowly destroying even the… whatever it was that Eurys was.

Sunny remained silent for a while, shocked. The shadow of the archer struggled weakly below him, but he paid it no attention.

'What the hell?'

Cursed by Shadow God? Unable to die?

What kind of curse was that?! Why did Sunny get haunted by a loathsome apparition when he was cursed, but Eurys got to be immortal instead?

Where was justice in that?!

He let out a resentful sigh.

'It seems that this guy was not lying when he said that he had angered the gods…'

What was it that Nephis had said? That Eurys claimed to have slit a god's throat?

Did gods even have throats?

Sunny hesitated for a while, then asked somberly:

"You said that if I kill this shadow, it would enter my Soul Sea, just like it had entered the Shadow Realm. So, then… is Shadow Realm what remains of Shadow God's Soul Sea?"

The skull stared at him incredulously.

"Huh."

Eurys paused for a moment, and then said in an amicable tone:

"Gods are not like us people, boy. They don't really have bodies, souls, and Soul Seas… it's all the same. So no, we are not inside the Soul Sea of Shadow God."

The white skull chuckled.

"Instead, we are simply inside Shadow God. Shadow Realm is his corpse."




***
Chapter 2124: Dangerous Questions


***






Sunny took a moment to fathom the astonishing truth that Eurys had revealed to him so matter-of-factly.

It was a hell of a thing to process.

...No, really.

'I am inside Shadow God's corpse.'

The Shadow Realm… the entirety of it… was the sacred body of a god.

Which meant that all the other Divine Realms, like Godgrave and Stormsea, were as well.

…And the waking world, too.

Gods were vast, after all. Vast enough to encompass entire worlds within them, it seemed.

But gods were also dead.

The Dream Realm, the realm of the Forgotten God, was slowly consuming all the rest. So did it mean that Forgotten God was feasting on the corpses of his siblings?

'How morbid.'

What the hell did all of it mean?

'Well… it's not like I did not suspect something like that, already.'

Actually, Sunny and Nephis had discussed a similar theory in the past. It was during the conversation about the titanic skeleton in Godgrave, and whether it had truly belonged to a god.

Nephis was of the opinion that it was too puny to be a god… which was a funny thing to say about a corpse the size of a continent.

But now, it did not seem funny anymore.

Actually, Sunny was not even in disagreement with Nephis. If anything, he was tempted to agree. After all, he had been inside the Tomb of Ariel, which was built from the remains of an Unholy Titan. The Great River was like its Soul Sea… and if the soul of an Unholy Titan could encompass an entire realm, then what about an actual god?

Still, suspecting and knowing were two different things. Especially here, in the desolate darkness of the Shadow Realm.

Sunny struggled with the desire to gulp, his mouth terribly dry.

He lingered for a few long moments, then asked hoarsely:

"If this is Shadow God's corpse, then what killed him?"

That was the greatest secret of all. That was what Sunny truly wanted to know… what had killed the gods? What had killed the daemons? How had the Doom War ended, and how had the will of the Forgotten God escaped the Void, slowly turning all of existence into his nightmare?

Hearing his question, Eurys chuckled.

"What killed Death? My, oh my! I wish I knew. Sadly, by the time the gods perished, I was already nailed to that damned tree. The view from there was not great."

Sunny stared at him somberly.

Somehow, he doubted that the skeleton was being entirely honest.

The white skull betrayed no emotion, however.

Eventually, Eurys offered him a bone:

"I doubt it were the daemons, though. By the end of it all, they were losing the war pretty badly. Otherwise, I would not have been captured by the warriors of the Divine Host, would I?"

He laughed.

Sunny surmised two things from that statement.

First, that at least one of the Nine — Eurys — had participated in the Doom War under the banner of the Demon Army.

Second… that the daemons seemed to have lost the war, or at least had been close to losing it near the end.

That was the first true piece of information about the Doom War he had received.

Sunny smiled darkly.

"...Are you sure that you weren't the one who killed Shadow God? I've heard that you boasted once about slitting a god's throat."

Eurys exploded with laughter after hearing that.

"Oh… so you have met that abominable girl, it seems! Good, good. I'm glad that she has survived, nephilim or not."

He paused for a moment, and then chuckled.

"Yes, I did indeed tell her that I had slit a god's throat once. However, I never said that it had killed the god! What kind of god would die from such a trifle?"

Sunny winced from the amount of nonsense he had been subjected to in the last few minutes.

'What? What does he mean?'

"...I thought you said that the Shadow Realm was Shadow God's corpse? His body was quite huge, then. Pray tell, how would one slit the throat of an entire realm?"

The skeleton, who had remained motionless all that time, finally moved.

Eurys… shook his skull, the bones scraping unpleasantly against each other.

"No, but what kind of divine shadow are you? Don't you know anything, boy?"

Sunny scowled.

"How am I supposed to know anything if the god who was supposed to cast me is dead?!"

Eyrus stared at him silently for a while, then returned to his previous pose and grew still once again.

"A better question would be how can you even exist, but… fair is fair. To answer your questions — gods were indeed vast and unfathomable, but they took mortal vessels from time to time. Avatars, as some called them. Those were easier to reach."

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

Mortal avatars… that he could wrap his head around. After all, he had avatars of his own, even if they were not exactly the same.

What surprised him more was that Eurys seemed to have no idea about how Sunny had come to be a Shadow Slave.

Well… it made sense, in hindsight. The talkative skeleton seemed like someone who knew so much as to almost seem omniscient, but reasonably, that knowledge only encompassed the past. If he had really spent thousands of years nailed to a tree in the Nightmare Desert, he would not know anything about what had happened after the final days of the Doom War.

To him, the Nightmare Spell was merely a fringe cult that a small group of believers was spreading secretly in the Mortal Realms. He would not know what Sunny and Nephis really were, or how they had come to be that way.

Sunny tilted his head a little, suddenly coming up with another question.

It was hard to collect his thoughts because there were too many things he wanted to ask, but that one was, perhaps, the most vital.

"...You are the first being from the ancient times I've met who is not entirely insane and consumed by Corruption. How come?"

Eurys stared at him with the black gaping holes of his empty eye sockets.

"Haven't you met that abominable girl, as well?"

Sunny scoffed.

"That's different! She's from the waking world, just like I am."

The skeleton let out a chuckle.

"The waking world? What's that?"

Sunny suppressed a sigh.

'He's clueless.'

After lingering for a few moments, Sunny tried to explain:

"The waking world… is the last of the Divine Realms. There are people still living there, free of Corruption. The rest of them, as well as all the Mortal Realms, have already been swallowed up by the Dream Realm, and are only populated by Nightmare Creatures — that's what we call the Corrupted Ones. However, our world is being consumed by the Dream Realm too, piece by piece."

Eurys sighed.

"Oh… then you and your people must be fighting against the Corruption with all your might, united against a common foe. What brilliant camaraderie! No wonder a divine shadow and an abominable nephilim can exchange words so freely."

Sunny coughed in embarrassment.

"Actually… currently, my people are at war. With each other. Have I mentioned that the last Divine Realm is the Realm of War God?"

Eurys remained silent for a long while, and then suddenly exploded with laughter.

This time, he laughed longer than usual, and his laughter seemed different from before.

It was tinged with mysterious darkness.

After a while, the white skull turned a little to stare at Sunny.

"War God? My, oh my! Such irony."

He paused for a moment, and then added:

"You asked who the Nine were? Well… to tell you the truth, child of War…"

His tone turned a little cold.

"Regardless of who we were, we hated War God and her children the most."




***
Chapter 2125: Paving the Road to Grace


***






Sunny could not help but tense up after hearing a hint of coldness in the skeleton's usually carefree and friendly tone.

At that moment, he realized the precariousness of his position with painful clarity.

Here he was, in the darkness of the Shadow Realm, beaten and battered… talking to one of the Nine while holding the shadow of another down. Sure, the archer was barely conscious and seemingly in no state to continue the battle, but on the other hand, the only safe enemy was a dead one.

He had no idea what kind of powers Eurys of the Nine possessed, but they had to be quite mystical for the wandering skeleton to traverse the Underworld and reach the Shadow Realm more or less in one piece.

It was alarming, to learn that the mysterious Nine had some kind of grudge against the Goddess of Life and her followers.

Sunny chose his next words carefully.

"Oh, really? That is surprising. How come Auro of the Nine was an imperial soldier, then? Wasn't the Empire ruled by the cult of War?"

To be honest, he wasn't quite clear on what the Empire was and who ruled it. However, in his First Nightmare, it had seemed as if both its soldiers and citizens worshiped War God — to the point that they went around burning down temples of Shadow.

He had learned bits and pieces of ancient history later on, too, some pointing to the fact that the militant Empire had gone on an unstoppable conquest spree during the dusk of the Golden Age, just before the final war.

So, it was a bit surprising to learn that Hero — Auro of the Nine — had secretly harbored a deep hatred of War God.

Hearing his words, Eurys just chuckled, seemingly full of mirth.

"Auro, an imperial soldier? So what? I was an imperial slave, myself! Why, is there a better way to destroy an empire than from the inside?"

Sunny coughed.

He, of all people, could not argue with that.

After all, that was exactly what they were doing — Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie.They were working to undermine the kingdom of an heir of War by fighting under his banner.

"Well… alright. Fair. I'll give you that."

'So the Nine were determined to destroy the Empire…'

And Auro had been only posing as a loyal imperial soldier. No wonder he had seemed so different from the rest of the slavers...

It was a tantalizing piece of information.

Still. In Sunny's First Nightmare, Auro had been merely an Awakened swordsman, and one who did not seem to have unsealed his Aspect yet, at that. So, the Nine must not have been that powerful back then. How had nine people hoped to destroy an empire that enjoyed the favor of a god?

He wanted to know more.

"So, it was just the nine of you against the entire Empire?"

Eurys scoffed.

"Questions, questions, questions… you are so full of questions, boy. Why are you so interested in the ancient past, anyway?"

Sunny smiled darkly, reminding himself to be polite and ingratiate himself with the mysterious skeleton.

"Oh. Two reasons, mainly…"

'Be nice, be polite. You need to get into his good graces!'

His mouth moved on its own:

"Because we are still paying for the sins committed by you vile bastards in that ancient past! If you impossible, abhorrent fools did not go and break the damn world back then, I wouldn't have been so desperate to learn how to fix it, would I?!"

Eurys just stared at him silently with empty eye sockets.

He did not seem too offended, but...

Sunny took a deep breath and held it, struggling to suppress his scathing fury.

The seventh incarnation, meanwhile, spoke in a more neutral tone:

"Well, and also — you might not know it, but the Nightmare Spell has been running rampant for thousands of years. These days, it is more or less the only god that exists. The Dream Realm, meanwhile, is blooming with what we call Nightmare Seeds, and if you enter one, the Spell gives you a special trial. That trial takes the form of an event from the ancient past,so knowing more about the past makes it easier to survive there."

He paused, then added:

"Obviously, the Nightmares are quite deadly. So one would naturally have no reason to enter one, except for the fact that if a blooming Seed is left intact, it will continue to infect the world with Corruption. Something like that, at least."

For the first time, Eurys seemed a little surprised.

"Weaver's little spell? So it has gotten that powerful? Huh… how surprising. No wonder that abominable girl reeked of daemon, then."

Sunny's eye twitched.

'...Little spell?'

He took another deep breath and forced his original body to speak:

"So, what? Are you going to persecute me needlessly just because of where I come from? Let me tell you something, Eurys…"

He looked at the skeleton somberly.

"...being petty is unbecoming of a gentleman! Spitefulness is a hideous thing, a blemish on one's character, and an obstacle on the path to virtue. An enlightened man must know how to let go of grudges and embrace forgiveness! Tolerance and compassion pave the road to grace!"

Of course, Sunny was no gentleman, had no interest whatsoever in being virtuous, considered enlightened values to be synonymous with foolishness, and preferred to stay as far away from grace as possible, lest he catch it.

But the ancient skeleton did not need to know that.

Eurys remained silent for a while, then sighed.

"My, oh my… how eloquent! Don't you worry, boy. I wasn't going to act on my distaste for your kind — it's all in the ancient past, anyway. Let bygones be bygones. I was just contemplating how deeply ironic it is, that after thousands of years, the only ones who remain are the children of War. You can't even imagine."

Sunny grinned.

"Well… I'll be able to imagine if you explain things properly."

The skeleton stared at him silently for a while.

Then, Eurys chuckled.

"Ah, but you expressed how desperate your need for knowledge is. So why should I share mine for free?"




***
Chapter 2126: Spirit of Reciprocity


***






Hearing those words, Sunny was taken aback.

What… what was this familiar feeling?

'Ah! I know!'

Of course...

It was the feeling of being swindled!

Frowning, he studied the expressionless skull for a few moments. The skeleton did not move, and if Sunny did not know any better, he would have assumed that it was a completely mundane corpse. The only thing that betrayed Eurys's unusual nature was a rare mote of light that drifted off the white bones from time to time.

…The same particles of essence rose from both of Sunny's incarnations, as well, reminding him that he was still on the clock.

'That bastard.'

So Sunny had to bargain with a shameless corpse in the middle of the Realm of Death, and worst of all, the corpse held all the chips.

He grimaced.

"You're the one who spoke to me first, were you not? So, if anything, it seems like your need is greater than mine."

Eurys chuckled.

"That was not because I wanted to speak, just out of the goodness of my heart. Well, I don't really have a heart, but you get the meaning — I simply wanted to save a naive boy from making a terrible mistake. Because I am kind and generous."

Sunny stared at him dubiously.

"Oh, yeah? Are you sure that you did not want to save this shadow here, instead? After all, you had kept quiet up until the moment I was about to kill one of you Nine. What a coincidence."

The white skull scoffed.

"One of us Nine? My, oh my! You must be confused, boy. She is not one of the Nine — she is merely a shadow of one of the Nine. A feral and mindless shadow, at that… an insult to the memory of my dear comrade, really, whose very existence offends and saddens me greatly. Ah, alas! If only you were strong enough to endure the consequences of destroying her…"

Sunny scowled.

"It sounds like you are a man of great integrity indeed, Eurys. And didn't you just mention your kindness and generosity? How admirable, how commendable. No wonder you helped Nephis… the nephilim… so selflessly. Someone as selfless, kind,and generous as you would not take advantage of a naive boy and try to swindle him, would you? "

Eurys let out achortle.

"That abominable girl? Why yes, I helped her… but that was merely in the spirit of reciprocity. She took me off that damned tree, after all, so I was obligated to return the favor. However, what have you done for me? Nothing… surely, there has to be a favor made for me to reciprocate in kind."

Sunny stared at him for a few moments, then sighed in dejection.

It wasn't often that he found himself on the losing end of a verbal battle. He was usually the most brazen person in the room, and meeting an even greater scoundrel was a rare occurrence.

'How shameless!'

Sunny looked at Eurys with resentment, lingered for a while, then said somberly:

"So what do you want?"

The mysterious skeleton remained silent.

Eventually, he spoke:

"Why, it's simple. You are a Shadow Slave, are you not? Someone who wields the power of Death. So, I want you to kill me."

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

'Huh…'

The seventh incarnation tilted its head a little.

His eyes narrowed.

"Wait, wouldn't that just defeat the purpose? Dead men tell no tales. Who will answer my questions if I kill you?"

Eurys let out a short laugh.

"Well, I'll answer your questions before you kill me, of course. Look at me now — I am resting here in the Shadow Realm, patiently waiting to be destroyed. It is taking forever… however, if you can hasten the process, I'll sure spare you some time."

Sunny considered his words.

Eurys… was definitely lying about a lot of things, or at least not telling him everything. The mysterious skeleton already had the means to break the will of Shadow God and be destroyed — he could have surrendered to the mists of the Underworld, for example, and simply become nothing. He could also wait and slowly be annihilated by the Shadow Realm.

But perhaps death and destruction were not the same. And perhaps Eurys was seeking a true death, which only Sunny could give him.

Eventually, Sunny nodded.

"Alright, I'll kill you. So start talking."

The skeleton let out another laugh, this one sounding a little wistful.

"I wish it were so simple, boy. Sadly, you are not nearly strong enough, yet, to kill me. So, come back after you become Supreme… better yet, Sacred. I'm not going anywhere, so you'll be able to find me right here."

Finally, Sunny's expression cracked.

"Become Supreme?! Do you think I have not tried?! How the hell am I supposed to become Supreme, you useless pile of bones?!"

Eurys stared at him with what looked like amusement… which was quite a feat, considering that the white skull had no means to emote anything.

Eventually, he said:

"What is the big problem? I watched you slay that eerie Sacred shadow before. From what I've seen, you are already most of the way there — you have the Will, and you even know how to wield it. That is the hardest part. More than that, your nascent Domain is already fully formed, and its weight is crushing. Do I even need to mention how profound your connection to your source element is? Boy… I've never seen anyone as ready to become Supreme as you. The only thing you need is to take the last step."

Sunny blinked, suddenly robbed of breath.

What Eurys said… in hindsight, it rang true.

He had indeed taken great strides on the path to Supremacy as of late. Hearing that he, too, possessed a nascent Domain was a bit surprising… but other than that, the mysterious skeleton was correct.

Sunny had reached the precipice of Supremacy without even realizing it.

The first and most important step… had probably been the very act of deciding to return to the embrace of civilization and take responsibility for the future, imposing his will upon the world.

After all, that was what a Sovereign was — someone who bent the world to their will, thus claiming authority over it.

Then, it was a series of smaller steps. Claiming a Citadel, establishing his rule over a vast swath of Godgrave.Slaying and subjugating Great Nightmare Creatures, forging his Transcendent Battle Art. Joining the Sword Army and observing the King of Swords to learn from his example… especially during Anvil's battle with Condemnation.

Observing Rain and learning from her natural Awakening, as well.

The most important step, surprisingly… had been connected to improving his mastery of weaving. It was forging the Blessing that had truly opened his eyes and broadened his horizons, teaching him how to wield his will.

There were other important lessons and accomplishments, too. Numerous lessons, really.

Nephis had her own way of reaching toward Supremacy, while Sunny had his.

He was almost ready.

All that he was missing was, indeed, one final step. A catalyst that would ignite all his previous attainments, fusing them into a throne.

But Sunny had no idea what that catalyst was.

He hesitated for a while before asking cautiously:

"And what is that last step?"

Eurys remained silent... then answered gingerly:

"How should I know?"

Sunny let out a growl.

'...That bastard!'




***
Chapter 2127: Act of Defiance


***






Seeing how twisted Sunny's face had become — one of his faces, at least, since the seventh incarnation did not deem it worthy to react in any way — Eurys let out a laugh.

Those chuckles of his were seriously starting to get on Sunny's nerves...

The jovial voice resounded from the depths of the white skull a moment later:

"Don't be too disheartened, boy. Everyone has to follow their own path to Supremacy, and the nature of the last step is different for each Supreme. However… there is some commonality between them. A shared principle that is revealed if one observes carefully. I can't tell you what exactly it is that you must do to become Supreme, but I can share my observations with you."

He paused for a moment.

"After all, it is in my best interest to see you usurp the throne of shadows. You might actually manage to kill me then."

Sunny let out a frustrated sigh.

How wonderful would it have been if someone just handed him all the answers? But he was not that lucky, of course.

Still, the mysterious skeleton's offer was better than nothing.

Sunny gathered his thoughts, then asked somberly:

"So? What have you observed?"

Eurys remained silent for a while.

"Well. Supremes have always been rare, even in my time. Supreme humans, at least — enough so that every time a new one appeared, the balance of power in the Mortal Realms was bound to change. Old kingdoms fell, and new ones rose. The emergence of a new Supreme was synonymous with great upheaval… which is to say that there are few examples that I am familiar with. And yet, I did notice a certain similarity in how those people attained Supremacy."

He let out a wistful scoff.

"A Supreme is someone who claims rulership over the world, or at least a part of the world. Their distinct trait is the authority they wield. Naturally, it takes a lot of audacity to lay claim to the world — after all, it already belongs to someone, and already submits to a higher authority. So, in my opinion, the very essence of Supremacy is defiance."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Defiance?"

There was the unpleasant scraping noise, and Eurys nodded.

"Oh yes! It is a bit paradoxical, but the source of authority is defiance. After all, a ruler can hardly be ruled. Or at least ruled easily… there is a difference between authority and absolute authority, in the end. But that is beside the point. What I wanted to say is that if there is one common element between all the final acts of attaining Supremacy that I know of, it is that they were acts of defiance."

Sunny sighed and lowered his gaze.

He really did not want to sound like a parrot, but had no choice except to reluctantly repeat the same question:

"Defiance?"

Come to think of it…

'What the hell is a parrot, anyway?'

Oblivious to his momentary distraction, Eurys nodded again.

"Yes. And not just acts of defiance, but acts of supreme defiance. Authority and submission are antithetical to each other, are they not? You see… authority cannot exist in the void, since it is only revealed when imposed upon others. So, to claim authority and become Supreme, one has to defy some kind of authority imposed on them. That is what I think, at least."

He chuckled.

"That supreme defiance can take many forms, depending on the individual. Obviously, the more powerful you are, the less you are constrained by the chains of necessity, and therefore the greater your act of defiance has to be — because there are fewer forces great enough to impose themselves upon you, to begin with."

The mysterious skeleton sighed.

"So, some defy power by slaying an immensely powerful foe. Azarax only became the Plague of Steel after killing his Supreme father, for example. Others go against their own nature, defying themselves to gain enlightenment. Some use their will to twist the laws governing their Realm, gaining authority over it. There are many ways, but the surest one…"

Eurys paused, prompting Sunny to utter a quiet curse.

"Really? Do you really have to take a dramatic pause? Are you sure you were a slave, not an actor?!"

The skeleton laughed.

"Alright, alright… settle down! Is it not obvious, though? The surest way is to go against the greatest will of all… to break the will of gods. Well, they are dead now, so the next best thing would be to go against one of the absolute laws. If you manage to defy one of those, I am sure that you will become Supreme in no time."

Sunny let out a long sigh.

"Slaying an immensely powerful foe? Usurping a Realm? Breaking absolute laws and going against the will of gods? Bastard! Aren't you just goading me into finding a way to kill you?! All of those are ways to get around the curse placed on you by Shadow God!"

Eurys coughed in embarrassment.

Considering that he had no lungs, that cough was not at all convincing.

"My, oh my! What a coincidence."

Sunny let out another growl, prompting the mysterious skeleton to shake his skull.

"No, listen… I might have a selfish motive in sharing this knowledge, but what I've told you is true. Those are indeed valid ways of taking the final step to Supremacy. You just need to find one uniquely suited for you… and then come back to try and kill me."

Sunny stared at Eurys for a while, unsure if he should trust him.

For what it was worth… the skeleton seemed to be sincere. He had no reason to lie to Sunny, anyway, since it was indeed in his best interest to help Sunny gain more power.

So, if Sunny was to take his words seriously…

'An act of supreme defiance?'

And not just any act, but one that suited Sunny best — one intimately tied to the very nature of his Aspect, his nature, and his forming Domain.

He grumbled:

"I've killed countless beings that were way more powerful than me, you know? How come I am not Supreme yet?"

The skeleton stared at him for a while, then offered helpfully:

"I guess they weren't powerful enough?"

A quiet groan escaped from Sunny's mouth.

"What are you talking about? I am a mere Transcendent, and yet I go around routinely killing Great Nightmare Creatures. I killed my first Sovereign back when I was an Ascended, in fact… granted, he was already consumed by Corruption and no different from a beast by then. Hell, I killed a Great Devil as a Dreamer!"

Eurys was seemingly taken aback.

He remained silent for a few moments, then mumbled in a puzzled tone:

"My, oh my…"

Then, the skeleton stared at him with reproach.

"Things are worse than I expected, then. You see, boy… since you are such an overachiever… since you are a damn lunatic who goes around slaying immensely powerful beings routinely, then slaying one more won't be much of an act of defiance, will it?!"

Sunny blinked.

"Hey, now…"

Eurys clicked his jaw a few times.

"No, really, who kills a Great Devil as a Dreamer?! You know what… I take it back. Why wait? Come kill me right now! There's no reason to wait, so do it now!"

Sunny tilted his head and stared at Eurys darkly. After a while, he said:

"You know what, I'm in no mood for your antics. In fact, I am tired, spent, and in pain. My soul is damaged, and my body is full of holes. How about you get over your indignation and give me actual advice?"

Eurys laughed.

"Well, I don't know. Have you tried… not killing something?"

Sunny frowned.

"I did. In fact, I was attacked by thirteen Saints recently, and I only killed six... wait, was it six? I think it was..."

Eurys lowered his skull in dejection.

'What is that bastard so dejected about?'

In any case, it seemed like he had exhausted the mysterious skeleton's usefulness — at least as far as attaining Supremacy was concerned.

Eurys had indeed shared his earnest observations… and they were helpful.

Although he had not provided Sunny with a definitive answer, he had at least shown him the right direction.

'One final step… an act of supreme defiance…'

Sunny fell into deep thought.

Breaking the will of gods and going against the absolute laws of existence was definitely out of the question.

…Wasn't it?

Noctis had broken the will of Sun God by liberating Hope.

Something had defied death by breaking free of the Shadow Realm, which was how its Fragment came to be.

In a way, Cassie had defied an even higher authority by conspiring to liberate Sunny from fate… even though the actual perpetrator of that liberation was the Thieving Bird.

He sighed.

'I don't need to be so grand in my ambitions.'

Eurys had said that defying the greatest authority was the surest way, not the only way.

Most Supremes had attained their Supremacy with less drastic acts, no doubt. Azarax had killed a Supreme, but even that was not a necessity.

Simply defying the authority of a Supreme could also work.

Perhaps that was the way…

While Sunny was contemplating, Eurys suddenly spoke once again:

"Oh, by the way…"

Sunny looked at him somberly.

"What?"

The skeleton stared back at him for a moment.

"Nothing much. I just wanted to say... that you should probably hurry and leave this place, for now."

He chuckled.

"Well, if you want to stay alive, of course…"




***
Chapter 2128: That Which Should Not Exist


***






Sunny let out a tired sigh.

Even the seventh incarnation rolled its eyes in exasperation.

'Well, of course…'

Honestly, he had expected to hear something like that. After all, he was still in the Shadow Realm, and while the imminent danger had seemingly passed, it would be foolish to expect that new perils would not reveal themselves soon.

After cursing his fate — or lack thereof — for a few moments quietly, he asked in a resigned tone:

"Oh? What is it now?"

The ancient skull stared at him with empty eye sockets. When Eurys spoke, his creaky voice sounded a bit wistful:

"Look at me carefully, boy. How do you think I ended up in this state?"

Sunny studied the skeleton silently.

Eurys was sprawled on the ground, surrounded by broken pieces of ivory bones and half-buried in the obsidian dust. The bone fragments belonged to the remains of a Soul Serpent, but the human skeleton, too, was not intact.

Half of his ribs were broken, one of his arms was entirely missing, and his legs were completely crushed. He was in quite a sorry state…

Sunny did not know how powerful Eurys was, exactly, but he shuddered to imagine what kind of creature could have mutilated him so thoroughly.

He glanced down, at the shadow archer.

"...I gather it wasn't this one here who did such a number on you?"

The skeleton laughed.

"No."

Eurys paused for a few moments, then spoke in a friendly tone:

"As I mentioned before, there is an entrance to the Shadow Realm hidden in the Abyss of the Underworld. We are not too far from that entrance, meaning that these are the outer edges of the Shadow Realm. This is where the shadows of living beings arrive after death before undertaking a pilgrimage to the heart of the Land of the Dead."

He sighed.

"I was attempting the same, but… oh well. You can see how I ended up."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"What lies at the heart of the Shadow Realm, then?"

The ancient skeleton struggled to shrug.

"That, I do not know. I was curious to see,though! Such a tantalizing mystery. Since I am more or less dead, it would be a shame to miss the chance..."

After chuckling with mirth, he grew more serious:

"In any case, the outer edges of the Shadow Realm hide their own perils. Like the Creatures of Darkness who sometimes crawl out of the Abyss… one of them is drawing closer and closer, by the way. I thought I should let you know."

Sunny cursed.

'Damnation.'

Right… there had been the fourth dark drifter, the Wolf, pursuing the shadow of Condemnation. Sunny had assumed that it was destroyed by the essence storm, but the creature seemed to have survived. Considering that it had been on the ground when the storm hit...

'Did it burrow into the dust to avoid the currents of essence?'

He looked around, gazing past the field of bones at the desolate expanse of dark dunes.

Come to think of it…

Sunny glanced at the new hill of black dust that had formed where the shadow Condemnation fell. The dust used to be solid obsidian… had the Shadow Realm been a land of glossy black stone once, before turning into a desert of dust?

But that was beside the point. The point was that the Wolf was still alive, and drawing closer. It had failed to feast on the essence of Condemnation, but Sunny was right here. A Transcendent Titan was probably not as delicious as a Cursed Tyrant, but food was food.

Remembering the Vulture and the Leech, he considered if he could slay the Wolf alone.

Considering how tired and wounded Sunny was, it seemed problematic at best, and unlikely at worst.

He grimaced.

"So, am I supposed to run away from that Dark One?"

Eurys stared at him silently for a moment.

"Goodness… can you let me finish, boy? Who cares about those eerie things? I just remembered to mention it by chance. What I was going to say was that, while the outer edges of the Shadow Realm hide their own perils, the true horrors all dwell deeper, in its heartland."

Sunny blinked.

'...The essence storms and the Creatures of Darkness are not the true horrors?'

Noticing his pale face, the mysterious skeleton scoffed.

"You must have seen the shadows walking toward the center of the Shadow Realm, so think about it. The weaker ones get ground into streams of essence swiftly. The stronger ones last a little longer… then, who can endure long enough to reach the heartland?"

Sunny's expression darkened.

'He's right.'

The shadow of Condemnation had not been destroyed by the Shadow Realm… it had been killed by Sunny. If he had not been there, it would have rebuilt its colossal body and continued marching forward, at least for a while.

In fact, it might not have dissolved into essence entirely for years… hundreds of years, perhaps.

So how many of such shadows were somewhere ahead, in the heart of the Shadow Realm?

Or shadow left behind by even more powerful beings?

He shivered.

Eurys nodded.

"Indeed. Out there, in the darkness, dwell the shadows of beings beyond your comprehension. Cursed, Sacred… Divine, Unholy. Those that have endured countless eons of annihilation, changing slowly in the process. This feral shadow right here has already given you so much trouble, so how are you going to survive them?"

He paused for a few moments, then added in a troubled tone:

"More than that… out there, ahead, exist things that should not exist at all."

This was the first time Eurys seemed to drop his jovial demeanor entirely, which did nothing to lessen Sunny's alarm.

He asked in a strained tone:

"What things?"

The white skeleton stared at him silently.

Eventually, the voice resounded from its depths once again:

"Creatures of Shadow… who have succumbed to Corruption. Oh, and they have sensed the scent of your Transcendent soul by now, without a doubt…"




***
Chapter 2129: Calculated Risk


***






Sunny was out of curses and out of tired sighs. He just stared at the expressionless skull for a while, then let out a short laugh.

"Ah. I see. Is that all?"

So, there were ancient shadows dwelling in the depths of the Shadow Realm… shadows so great and vast that even this place took eons to ground them into pure essence.

Shadows of dead deities, both divine and profane…

And some of them had succumbed to Corruption somewhere along the way, becoming monstrous beings that defied description.

Sunny glanced at Eurys.

"So… Shadow Creatures are not supposed to become Corrupted?"

The mysterious skeleton hesitated for a few moments.

"Well… it's not entirely impossible, I guess, but definitely unheard of. Unless one has been born as a Shadowspawn, Shadow Creatures come to be from the shadows of the dead. And death, as you should know, destroys Corruption. So, I have never even heard of a corrupted Shadow Creature — before witnessing one myself here. My, oh my! The world has really changed."

Eurys let out an amused laugh.

"In any case, unlike the shadow of my fellow member of the Nine, you have neglected to hide the scent of your soul when entering the Shadow Realm. They must have sensed it already. So, they will be coming for you soon. As such, I suggest that you run back to where you came from, boy, and return once you are strong enough to face them."

Sunny smiled darkly.

He was inclined to listen to that advice.

Of course, there were a couple problems if he did… namely, the essence storm and the Wolf, who were currently between him and the Gate of Shadow. But he could solve these problems, somehow.

Facing an Unholy being or two, however, was not something he could solve.

Sunny sighed and glanced at the shadow of the archer, to whose throat he was still holding a sharp shard of bone.

After lingering for a little while, he said:

"I'll go. However, before that, I still have two questions I want to ask you."

Eurys stared at him silently,neither confirming nor denying that he would answer them.

The seventh incarnation gestured to the remains of the Soul Serpents towering around them.

"Why are these here? What killed them?"

The mysterious skeleton turned his skull a little, looking at the ancient bones.

"Nothing killed them. This is just their resting place. This is where Shadow Serpents come after losing their masters, to follow them into death… a sentiment you are not familiar with, it seems, considering that you are still here and running around without one. My, oh my! How callous."

Sunny hesitated.

"Why is the Shadow Realm so inhospitable to Shadow Creatures, anyway? To be honest, I did not expect to suffer this much in my supposed homeland."

Eurys laughed.

"Isn't it the purpose of the Shadow Realm, to give solace and eternal peace to shadows? Ah, but not all shadows, of course — just those without a master, like the shadows of the dead. Or you, the shadow of a dead god."

Sunny blinked.

'What?'

So, if he still shared Shadow Bond with Nephis, his soul would not be slowly crumbling in the Shadow Realm?

Weirdly enough, it somehow made sense. Without a master, he was no different from the orphaned shadows that came to this desolate land after the beings casting them died. So, the Shadow Realm was trying to give him the gift of eternal peace…

By destroying him.

His eyes narrowed a little.

"Wait. So I can summon my Shadows here, and they will be fine?"

Had he been holding back for no good reason?

Eurys shook his skull.

"Those things you call Shadows are not exactly masterless, but they are not exactly real beings, either. They are a part of you, so they will be destroyed with you… much more thoroughly than you, really. Unless you complete them and turn them into real Shadow Creatures, I'd advise against bringing them here."

Sunny raised an eyebrow, startled.

"Complete them? What do you mean?"

The ancient skeleton sighed.

"Boy, they say that wisdom comes with age,but do consider that I spent most of my long existence nailed to a tree. What kind of wisdom do you think I was supposed to gain while hanging on a damned tree? I am not at all omniscient. How am I supposed to know more about the nature of being a shadow than you do? To answer your question, I have no idea. All I know is that unless they can exist independent of you, they are not complete Creatures of Shadow."

Sunny stared at him silently for a while, utterly perplexed.

So, according to Eurys, Saint and the others were not actual Shadow Creatures… yet? And that there was something he could do to complete them, thus giving them some kind of independence?

Weren't they quite complete, already?

And why would he even want to make them independent? The whole point of having Shadows was that they were always at his beck and call, ready to assist him with whatever he needed assistance with.

It didn't make any sense.

And he did not have time to deal with this issue at the moment, really.

Shaking his head, Sunny looked back to the shadow archer.

His face hardened.

After remaining silent for a while, he said:

"Then that leaves only one matter I still have to deal with. So, Eurys of the Nine… you told me that this one is one of the Nine, as well. What was her name, then?"

Alethea of the Nine had been a sorceress and a pursuer of knowledge, so he could not imagine her becoming a feral huntress. The archer had probably been someone else.

The white skull remained silent for a bit, then clacked its jaw.

"She doesn't remember, so I don't remember, either."

Sunny stared at him darkly.

"Somehow, I found it hard to believe."

The grinning skull just stared at him without saying anything.

Then, Eurys grumbled:

"Life is full of hardships, boy. What am I supposed to do about it? You said that you had two questions for me, anyway… and this is the seventh. I'm not giving you any answers for free anymore."

Sunny frowned and counted…

Why are these here?

What killed them?

Why is the Shadow Realm so inhospitable to Shadow Creatures?

So I can summon my Shadow here, and they will be fine?

Complete them?

What do you mean?

He gritted his teeth.

'That bastard!'

Looking at him, Eurys laughed.

"Go find her name on your own. Maybe if you give it to her, she'll regain some of what she lost."

Sunny muttered a curse.

A few moments later, the mysterious skeleton asked with curiosity:

"So… are you going to listen to my advice and let her be? Or do what you always seem to do and kill her? Let me repeat, just in case… doing so will be extremely dangerous. It is much better to just allow the Shadow Realm itself to finish her off."

Sunny stared at the shadow of the archer.

Eurys was right. Inviting this murderous shadow into his soul would be extremely dangerous, and it would be much wiser to let her live…

For a bit more.

Considering how severely damaged the archer was, she would without a doubt be destroyed by the Shadow Realm soon.

It was just that Sunny did not believe that one bit. There were countless reasons that pointed to the fact that the archer would not survive even if left alone, but he had survived too many impossible situations to feel confident.

That maniac… was a kindred spirit, of sorts. Even though the world itself was against her, she would find a way to live on.

He was sure of it.

And, more importantly…

Sunny was not one to let go of a grudge.

He smiled darkly.

"...I'll risk it."

With that, he strained his hand, and cut the archer's throat with the sharp fragment of the ivory fang.




***
Chapter 2130: Inviting a Killer Into Your Soul


***






Sunny said that he would take the risk — but really, he was quite concerned. He did not know what would happen next.

The first part was not at all surprising…

[Your shadow grows stronger.]

The Handy Bracelet might not have been enchanted to react when Sunny killed a shadow, but a Shadow Creature was different. He had some experience with that.

As soon as the voice spoke into his ear, Sunny fely a torrent of fragments rush into his soul — quite a bit less than what he had received after slaying the shadow of Condemnation, but still an amazing amount.

'Ah…'

He could feel subtle changes happening to his body, making him a little bit stronger. Even though he had already formed all seven cores, there was still one final feat left to perform — it was to saturate them fully once and for all. Before that, the familiar hunt for shadow fragments would still hold some meaning for him, albeit less than before.

Unless he found some other way to use them, of course… Nephis could burn her cores to unleash annihilating flames, for example, while Mordret could tear out pieces of his soul to create Reflections.

It was unknown, and quite doubtful really, that Sunny's Aspect possessed such a facet. If not… one day soon, he would lose an integral reason to hunt down Nightmare Creatures and seek more power.

Sunny found the very idea of having no motive to kill unfamiliar. He had spent so much time being pushed to endlessly seek out battle — against beings who were his equals or possessed greater power than him, at that — that it had become his second nature. How would it even feel, to not have that need?

'Well… I'm sure I'll find some other reason to kill things.'

Or it would find him. When had the world ever allowed him peace and tranquility?

In any case, fully saturating his cores would most likely have to wait until his next visit to the Shadow Realm, wherever that might be.

Receiving a flood of shadow fragments was what he had expected.

The next part was shrouded in doubt.

As the ghostly body of the shadow archer convulsed and dissolved into black smoke under him, soon disappearing entirely, Sunny closed his eyes for a moment.

Two things could happen.

The first one… was that the vicious slayer would join the ranks of the still and silent shadows that populated his Soul Sea.

It was just that Sunny doubted that she would remain still and silent for long.

Eurys was right. This strange shadow had maintained self-awareness and lucidity — a form of them, at least — even after coming to the Shadow Realm after the death of the woman casting it. So, she would most likely remain rebellious in his Soul Sea, as well, either going on a massacre or simply endeavoring to destroy his soul from the inside.

Maybe both.

The second possibility was just as troubling, if not more so.

The slayer of the Shadow Realm was a Shadow Creature, after all… just like Nightmare had been.

And unlike the rest of his Shadows — with the exception of Serpent, who had been handed down to Sunny as a Legacy Relic by the Spell — Nightmare was not created by combining the silent shadow of a slain creature with their Echo.

Instead, as soon as Sunny killed the tenebrous stеed, Nightmare had become his Shadow directly.

The same could happen with the nebulous slayer, which would root her essence in one of his Shadow Cores.

What would happen then?

…Sunny had no idea.

She would definitely not recognize him as a master, though.

And what would happen if a shadow that spent thousands of years hunting down other shadows got rooted in one of her killer's Shadow Cores?

Sunny shuddered to imagine.

He had a vain hope that the silent shadows in his Soul Sea would come to life again to protect him, like they had when Mordret challenged him to a soul duel.

But these situations were different. Sunny was still unsure how that facet of his Aspect functioned, and what had stirred the silent shadows into action. But if he had to guess, it would be that Mordret was an invader to his soul… a foreign body that had to be purged.

The shadow slayer, however, would not be. Rather, she would be a part of his soul, no different from the vast sea of still water, the seven suns of his cores, the Shadows that dwelled within them, the replica of the Nameless Temple, and the legion of lifeless shadows that now stood around it, watching the dark edifice silently.

So… he would decide what to do after learning which of the two possibilities had come true.

Feeling a subtle change happening to his soul, Sunny glanced at Eurys.

"Well… I'll be going, then."

The ancient skeleton did not move, but the creaky voice resounded from the depths of its white skull once again.

"...Godspeed."

Sunny hesitated for a moment.

"You know, it would be much more convenient if I took you with me. Then, you would not have to wait for me to come all the way back here after becoming a Supreme."

Eurys chucκled.

"It took me so much effort to get to the Shadow Realm, and now you want me to leave. No thanks. What happens if you die before becoming Supreme? Your shadow will just waltz down here naturally, but I'll have to walk all the way back. And…"

He took a pause, then added wistfully:

"...I don't have feet anymore."

Sunny smiled.

"You also only have one arm. So… if I decided to take you with me аnyway, you wouldn't be able to put up much of a fight, would you?"

The white skull stared at him expressionlessly for a few moments.

"My, oh my! Do try."

The tone was friendly, but somehow, Sunny felt a shiver run down his back.

He decided against it.

"Until we meet again, then. I'll give your regards to Nephis… oh, and by the way..."

His tone was friendly, as well. 

"If I hear you call her an abomination again, I'll break your remaining arm."

Hearing that, Eurys almost seemed perplexed. 

As Sunny rose to his feet, he mumbled quietly:

"What a bizarre thing to say. The world has gone insane…"

Turning around, Sunny took the first step.

It was then that he finally heard the words he had been waiting for:

[...You have received a Shadow.]




***
Chapter 2131: Shadow Slayer


***






Sunny had to get back to the Gate of Shadow to summon himself back into Godgrave. It was going to take him longer to return than it had taken to reach the Serpent Graveyard, though — both because he would not be riding the shoulders of the shadow of Condemnation this time and because he had to circle around the massive essence storm.

There was the last of the Darkness Creatures to worry about, as well. The Wolf was still out there, somewhere… relatively near and drawing nearer, according to Eurys.

But those were minor concerns. The real concern were the harrowing beings that dwelled in the heart of the Shadow Realm, and were apparently coming to consume him.

He could already feel a subtle, terrifying pressure at the outer edges of his shadow sense, dozens of kilometers away. It made him shiver.

That was why there was no time to waste, and why he had resolved the issue of the shadow slayer so hastily. Sunny would have loved to stay and talk to Eurys more, but his instincts were telling him that he had to run.

Or fly… that would be even better.

His original body was severely wounded and weakened, so it could not maintain sufficient speed. So, he intended to construct a powerful Shell around the seventh avatar and carry himself as he fled.

Before that happened, though…

'Argh!'

Sunny staggered and fell to one knee after taking only a few steps.

A piercing pain was ravaging his soul.

'She's... she's not wasting any time, is she?'

Gritting his teeth, he rose from the ground and dove into his Soul Sea.

By now, trained by having to control several avatars at the same time, Sunny could continue moving freely even while a piece of his consciousness entered the lightless expanse of his soul. So, even while he found himself surrounded by the familiar expanse of dark water, his two bodies continued to flee.

His Soul Sea had changed, somewhat, from the last time he visited it.

The still water was the same, but if the dark ocean felt more deep. There were more shadows surrounding the replica of the Nameless Temple, tens of thousands of them watching it silently…

As if waiting for something.

The main difference, of course, was that there were now seven black suns hanging above the temple instead of six.

The dark sky of his soul… felt complete.

Sunny knew that six Shadows resided in these cores now.

Saint, Serpent, Nightmare, Fiend, Mimic, and the slayer of the Shadow Realm.

As he stared at his Terror Core, another pulse of harrowing pain washed over his conscience, making him groan.

'T—this maniac!'

As Sunny grimaced in pain, he thought he noticed a net of cracks revealing itself on the surface of the black sun.

The still water stirred lightly, and a cold wind blew across its surface, making the branches of the Soul Devourer's shadow sway somewhere in the distance.

The slayer he had invited into his soul seemed to have regained awareness… and was already trying to destroy one of his soul cores from within.

As the seventh incarnation called upon the shadows of the Realm of Death to envelop him and started to build a Shell, Sunny summoned the Slayer to the surface of the still water.

Soon, she appeared in front of him, wreathed momentarily in black flames.

When the flames were extinguished, Sunny could finally see the shadow of one of the Nine clearly.

...She looked much different from how she had been when they fought.

Only now that Sunny saw the Slayer in the darkness of his soul did he realize how tattered and frayed her shadow had been in the Shadow Realm. Now, however, she was restored to immaculate condition. The vague, elusive silhouette was gone, replaced by a figure as solid as he himself was. The billowing mantle of ghostly smoke had dissipated, as well, and nothing obscured her features anymore.

In front of him stood a beautiful woman with a slender and graceful figure, her build radiating a sense of extreme agility and strength. Her poise was unmistakably that of a warrior, and there was a hint of pride in the set of her bare shoulders.

Her luscious ebony hair was gathered into a long braid, and her lean muscles seemed to be sculpted by an obsessed artist… it was just that her lithe body was entirely black, as if cast from ink. In fact, there was not a hint of color that Sunny could see.

Well, it made sense. She was a shadow, after all.

…And a slayer of shadows, as well.

The Slayer was wearing a very light armor that consisted of a pteruges skirt, a chest guard, a single bracer, and greaves that protected her shins — clearly something meant for an archer, not a melee combatant. With how the light ensemble looked on her graceful body, she seemed more like a dancer than a fighter, but Sunny was not deceived.

There were too many holes in his body to make such a mistake.

Her face, meanwhile, was hidden behind a veil — and yet, Sunny could vaguely discern her features. High cheekbones, a sharp nose…

And lifeless black eyes that seemed to stare at him with no emotion.

Sunny let out a careful breath.

Summoning a Shadow to appear in front of him in the Soul Sea was not the same as summoning them to the outside world. Here, they usually remained lifeless and passive unless he commanded them to come to their senses, as if in a state of stasis.

So, he could study them and their runes in peace.

'It seems I'm safe for the moment.'

Sunny stared at the Slayer, then shifted his gaze and looked into the shadow that served as her soul.

The rest of his Shadows possessed dark embers instead of Shadow Cores, but this one was unique. After all, she had possessed an actual Soul Core despite being a shadow — so, Sunny did not know what to expect.

What he saw was different from how the Slayer had been before, but also not at all like the rest of his Shadows. Her radiant soul core was gone, but instead of being replaced by a dark ember, it was replaced by a radiant shard instead.

That shard still remained in the same strange state — not quite Transcendent, but also not quite Supreme, as if lacking something.

'How do I learn her runes?'

Sunny was burning with curiosity… and more than a little bit of greed. He was quite excited to possess such a powerful Shadow.

Now that he was banished from the Spell, the most reliable source of information he had access to was Cassie. However, to get her to take a look at the Slayer, he would have to summon the murderous Shadow into the real world.

And she would probably venture to kill him immediately after that.

Thank the gods she was docile and passive here, at least…

Suddenly, Sunny felt a bad premonition.

'Huh?'

And a moment later, the dark eyes of the Slayer, which had been empty and lifeless before, slowly regained their cold sharpness.

Defying all the rules, the Shadow turned her head slightly despite not receiving a command to come to life.

And stared directly at him with murderous coldness.

Sunny gulped.

'Crap…'




***
Chapter 2132: Untamed


***






Of course!

Why the hell had he assumed that this crazed maniac would follow the rules?! The first thing she had done after becoming his Shadow was strike at the walls of his Shadow Core, after all!

His mind must have been more tired than he had thought…

At the same time as Sunny realized that the Slayer had shaken off the state of stasis she was supposed to be in, the Shadow already lunged at him. Sunny staggered back, barely avoiding her fingers, and fell on the surface of the black water.

They were currently in front of the steps of the Nameless Temple, some distance away from the silent shadows. Sunny glanced at them briefly as he fell, hoping that the legion of his past victims would surge forward to protect him.

But the shadows remained still and unmoving, not reacting to the plight of their master at all. It was just as he had expected… the Slayer was a part of his soul, so the silent shadows did not see her as an intruder.

'Damnation!'

Rolling over his shoulder, Sunny jumped to his feet and stared at the beautiful Shadow scornfully. At the same time, he commanded her to stand down.

"Hey, you! Now listen…"

His orders were absolute, as far as Shadows were concerned. Well… at least they were supposed to be. To be fair, his other Shadows were all quite loyal and obedient, never trying to resist his orders — except for Fiend, who sometimes put up a small fight.

But even that guy was not serious about his disobedience, mostly putting on a show. After making his indignation or reluctance known, he always swiftly complied with whatever it was that Sunny commanded him to do.

So, he had expected that the Slayer would freeze in place.

And she did…

For a second.

Then, as if struggling against terrible weight, the Shadow moved once more.

Her movements were slow at first, but then accelerated beyond imagination, making blood run cold in Sunny's veins.

'Curse it all.'

The Slayer wore armor, not matter how minimal, but she lacked weapons entirely. Nevertheless, that did not matter at all — her entire body was a weapon, and she could easily rip Sunny apart with her bare hands.

Especially now that he was tired, and his soul was in tatters.

She was weakened by having to resist his direct order, at least — more so than she had been weakened as a Shadow Creature by having to defy the will of the Lord of Shadows, at that.

So, Sunny wasn't entirely powerless.

Dodging another strike, he tried to reason with the feral Shadow:

"Look around! Do you know where you are? What, exactly, are you hoping to accomplish here, you lunatic?!"

Instead of answering, the Slayer simply gave him a murderous glance.

Her gaze, full of infinitely cold killing intent, made Sunny shiver.

He took another step back to avoid a crushing strike and scowled.

What was he supposed to do here?

Fighting the Slayer again would be a problem… not only because Sunny could not retreat, thus giving her free rein to wreak havoc in his soul, but also because he did not want to destroy her.

Why would he destroy such a powerful Shadow after going to all that trouble to gain it?!

The alternatives, however, seemed grim.

If he left the Soul Sea, she would destroy his Shadow Cores and kill him… actually, she would probably massacre the silent shadows first, absorbing them and growing even more powerful first.

Of course, he could summon the Slayer back into the Shadow Realm and fight her there, thus saving his soul from her fury.

But that would just result in his bodies suffering more, not ot mention wasting precious time. Apart from that, Eurys had said that the Shadow Realm would be much more destructive for Sunny's Shadows, so even if he won, he would probably lose the Slayer for good.

So, the only thing that remained…

Was what?

He blocked a vicious kick and was thrown back, almost reaching the first row of the legion of silent shadows.

'I guess… I have to restrain her.'

That was not an ideal solution, but the only one he could think of.

He had to put Slayer somewhere she would not be destroyed, but would not have the ability to further damage his soul, either.

Then, after she was restrained, he could come up with a way to tame her slowly.

In fact…

Sunny had noticed something when he was talking to Eurys.

His knuckles were split, and a few drops of his blood fell into the ghostly smoke shrouding the defeated figure of the Slayer. She seemed to react to his blood slightly.

Was that, perhaps, something he could explore further?

Another strike landed on Sunny, almost knocking his wind out.

It did not matter right now!

Angered, he snarled.

"I… said… STAND DOWN!"

The Slayer did not seem to react to his bellow.

…However, she did react to a vast presence that suddenly appeared behind her.

But it was too late.

There stood an enormous creature. It was a scaled beast with three long necks and three terrifying maws, its enormous body framed by vast skeletal wings. A black miasma flowed from the numerous torn holes on its body, spreading slowly over the restless surface of dark water.

Its size dwarfed both Sunny and the Slayer, making them seem like toys.

Before the murderous Shadow could react, the beast's claws closed around her, crushing her in an iron grip.

Sunny let out a relieved sigh.

"...Thanks, Serpent."

Indeed, the ghastly beasts was none other than Serpent, having assumed the form of one of the silent shadows.

That of the Defiled Seeker of Truth, a Titan that Sunny had once slain in Antarctica.

Sunny was a Titan himself now, which meant that Serpent had become a Titan, as well.

And as such, it had the ability to turn into the form of the Titans Sunny had killed, as long as they were not of a higher Rank than Serpent itself.

Defiled Seeker of Truth, Goliath…

Winter Beast.

That was one of the main reasons why Sunny had wanted to venture into the Shadow Realm and earn his Titan Core.

Inhaling deeply, Sunny glanced at the Slayer, who was struggling to free herself from the Titan's inescapable grip, and headed for the Nameless Temple.

"Follow me."

…Soon enough, Sunny was standing outside the stone chamber that served as a treasury in the real world.

In the replica of the Nameless Temple, however, it had become a cell.

The Slayer was locked inside behind an iron door. She had already landed a few crushing strikes, both at the door and at the walls of her cell, but even her strength was not sufficient to damage them.

Sunny let out a dejected sigh.

'This is my Soul Sea, damn it…'

Apparently, now, there was a jail in his Soul Sea.

Shaking his head, he turned around and said tiredly:

"Stay put for now, Slayer. I'll deal with you later…"

Somehow…

He felt that rehabilitating his misguided sixth Shadow would take a bit of time... and a lot of effort.




***
Chapter 2133: The Youngest


***






In the tastefully decorated display hall of the Memory Boutique, which was located in the basement of the Brilliant Emporium — which, in turn, was a marvelous devil who hid a pocket dimension in its belly — a graceful young man was sitting calmly on the floor with his eyes closed.

In his hand, he was holding a small lantern carved from black stone. The gate of the lantern was open, and beyond it nestled an eerie darkness. A sense of chilling coldness came from its impenetrable depths.

Suddenly, the tranquil young man let out a sigh and opened his eyes.

In the next moment, two shadows suddenly escaped from the gate of the dark lantern, instantly turning into perfect copies of him.

Both were dirty and battered, instantly marring the immaculately clean floor with a layer of black dust. However, while one was simply disheveled, the other looked more like a corpse — especially due to how pale their porcelain skin was.

His black tunic was tattered and torn, and there were countless hideous wounds covering his body. The wounds were bloodless, which only made him look more like a cadaver.

Looking at the mess, the graceful young man dismissed the black lantern and pursed his lips.

Hunching, Sunny took a few ragged breaths and then looked at his gloomy incarnation.

"...What are you staring at, bastard?"

With that, he swayed and collapsed to the floor.

Now that he had escaped the Shadow Realm, all strength suddenly left his mangled body. It was partially due to the psychological effect of finally reaching safety, and partially due to the fact that he had been quite literally empowered by the desolate land of shadows.

Now that the borrowed strength was gone, Sunny toppled like a puppet whose strings had been cut.

Laying on the cool floorboards, he let out a pained groan.

'I don't think I can move…'

Not only did he find it difficult to move a muscle, but the pain he had been suppressing rushed in like a tide. Sunny felt his consciousness dim, and somewhere far away, the Lord of the Shadow stumbled subtly.

Luckily, the King of Swords had assigned him a long and annoying, but mostly passive mission — it was his turn to guard the base camp of the expedition force near the Vanishing Lake.

With Condemnation's death, the balance of power in the Breastbone Hollow had shifted, and many powerful Nightmare Creatures were on the move. More than that, the prolonged deprivation from sunlight was slowly starting to affect the ancient jungle, so the entire ecosystem was in a state of mild chaos.

But the abominations rarely approached Vanishing Lake, and therefore, Sunny merely had to stay vigilant without doing much of anything. It was a bit of a waste to assign the Lord of Shadows to guard duty, as far as he was concerned, but the King of Swords had his own considerations. In any case, the timely new assignment gave Sunny a few days of respite, which was a blessing in disguise.

Letting out another quiet groan, Sunny almost missed the incarnation's response:

"I am looking at two useless fools. What did you idiots do to our soul, huh?"

Technically, the seventh incarnation was innocent — it had not even been born when Sunny allowed his soul to be damaged by the essence storm — but instead of retorting, the nonchalant guy simply gave the neat avatar a short glance and remained silent.

Sunny cursed.

"What did we do? What did you do?! Nothing! So who are you calling... damn, why am I even wasting essence on talking to you?!"

With that, he released both incarnations, allowing them to turn back into shadows.

The gloomy shadow gave the new guy an inquisitive stare. The eldest of the shadows seemed to be pondering the youngest shadow's character.

Actually, Sunny was curious too.

Truth be told, the seventh shadow — the last shadow — had been born in quite an epic way.

It had been born in the Realm of Death from the act of slaying an ancient god, and struck down the dreadful slayer of the Shadow Realm seconds after being born.

What could be more awesome than that?

Additionally, although the incarnation had been controlled by Sunny, it did display certain personality traits. It seemed aloof, nonchalant, cold, and calm in all situations…

Kind of cool, really.

'Did I finally have a normal shadow? Someone sane, sensible, and decent like me, not an unhinged lunatic like those six crazies?'

Sunny was excited.

Trying to distract himself from the pain, he strained to speak:

"Hey, you. The new guy. Look at me, will you?"

The seventh shadow lingered for a few moments, then looked at him indifferently.

It was indeed cool.

But… how should Sunny put it…

There was something off about that nonchalant attitude?

Suddenly, a terrible suspicion crawled its way into his mind.

"N—no… now look at your older brother."

The seventh shadow did not move for a second or two, then slowly shifted its gaze to gloomy.

Sunny's eyes widened.

"Hey… hey!"

But there was no denying it.

The seventh shadow was indeed calm and nonchalant… but not because of cold aloofness!

Instead, Sunny felt like it simply couldn't be bothered to strain itself with such complicated emotions.

It was too lazy to bother!

In fact, its whole demeanor emanated a strong feeling of idleness and sloth.

The seventh shadow was fine doing nothing. It was enjoying the peace. It was content, relaxed, and a little sleepy. Having to follow all these bothersome orders was irritating, but even getting annoyed was not worth it…

Sunny gritted his teeth.

"You lazy bastard! How dare you be a letdown?! What a waste of an epic origin story!"

The lazy shadow just stared at him indifferently, not bothering to get angry.

Sunny groaned.

"Damn… it's another lunatic! No, but why are all my shadows sick in the head? How come?! What's can be the reason?!"

The two shadows glanced at each other.

Then, in perfect sync, they slowly shook their heads.




***
Chapter 2134: Deadly Rewards


***






The disappointing personality of the lazy shadow aside… overall, the trip to the Shadow Realm was a resounding success.

And yet, Sunny could not get over it.

'...But he's the shadow of the Titan Core! The youngest! The last one! The Titan!'

He groaned.

This time, it was not because of the pain, but rather because of a bitter feeling of resignation.

Laying on the floor and nearly unable to move, he stared at the ceiling with a miserable expression.

'Gloomy, Happy, Creepy, Haughty, Naughty, Crazy… and Lazy…'

Sunny was full of regret.

Not only because his last shadow was not as cool and heroic as he had hoped, but also because he belatedly realized how inconsistent his naming sense was.

'Damn. If I'd known in advance, I would have made all seven nicknames rhyme.'

But he was stuck with the seven fools now.

After suffering in silence for a while, Sunny tried to send a mental message to Cassie, but she did not respond. Either she was asleep, or simply too busy to answer — these days, unless the message was important, Cassie rarely responded immediately.

That was because the King of Swords was working her hard in the Hollows. The blind seer was not exactly a battle specialist, and yet, he sent her out with the other Saints time after time — well, it was no wonder. After all, having a powerful seer lead the charge was a great advantage when venturing into an unexplored and dire area of a Death Zone.

Eventually, Sunny sighed.

'Let's go over what I gained.'

The first and foremost, of course, was his Titan Core.

Becoming a Titan empowered him in several ways. The most obvious, of course, was the increase of his raw power — his body had grown stronger, and his reserves of essence had grown deeper.

The changes were not game-changing, but also not insignificant. Every little bit mattered, and becoming more powerful by around one seventh of his overall strength could not be considered a little bit.

Sunny summoned his runes and looked at the counter of shadow fragments.

Shadow Fragments: [444/7000].

He had lost some to the Shadow Realm, but gained much more than what had been lost. He had won the race against time.

In fact, he had gained more than expected. If Sunny went by how many shadow fragments he had received for slaying Nightmare — a fellow Shadow Creature — then slaying the shadow of Condemnation, who had been a Cursed Tyrant, should have only brought him close to forming the seventh core… but not past that final threshold.

But he had clearly received way more than two thousand fragments, which would have been a reasonable amount. Either the rules were different when slaying beings of the highest Ranks, or something else had transpired.

'Huh.'

…Perhaps he had not just absorbed the power of Condemnation, but also the power of the Condemned — of those unfortunate souls that had been assimilated by the cursed god over the ages, becoming its parts.

That was the only thing Sunny could think of.

Which, honestly, was a chilling thought.

In any case, with the added fragments he had absorbed after slaying the Slayer — and ironic sentence to say, no doubt — the counter was not close to five hundred. There was a long way to go before he saturated his seven cores fully.

Full saturation did not matter much in the grand scheme of things, though, since it would only result in a marginal increase of power.

The other benefits Sunny had gained from becoming a Titan were much more important.

One of them had already shown its usefulness — it was the fact that Serpent could assume the form of Titans that rested in Sunny's souls. Not only was it going to be of great help in the battle against the Sovereigns, but it would also be an ace hidden up his sleeve. After all, the only thing better than a powerful tool was a powerful tool that the enemy did not know about.

Then, there was another benefit… the fact that he possessed seven shadows instead of six now, and could therefore augment his power eightfold instead of sevenfold.

Considering that his overall strength had increased with becoming a Titan, as well, that was a considerable — and honestly quite frightening — jump in power.

The power of a Transcendent Titan was no joke, and when augmented by seven shadows… Sunny shuddered to imagine what he would be able to do.

And there would be two such creatures facing against the Sovereigns, no less — he and Nephis. Their chances had improved.

Alternatively, these seven shadows could be used to augment one of his Shadows, including Serpent in the form of a Titan. That would be a terrifying sight to behold, as well.

Finally, there was the last benefit of becoming a Titan. It was that he could command one more avatar now, and therefore be in one more place at the same time.

Granted, Sunny felt reluctant to send any of his shadows away… now that the resolution of the war was drawing close, he felt a disquieting feeling that all hell could break loose at any moment. So, he wanted to have the ability to face the unexpected at the peak of his power, and preferably at a moment's notice.

'I'll have to consider this carefully.'

Then, there was something else he had gained in the Shadow Realm — his most unexpected reward.

It was all the knowledge shared with him by Eurys. There were too many striking revelations… as well as infuriatingly vague hints… in what the mysterious skeleton had told him.

In hindsight, the bastard was quite a master of subtly changing topics and steering the conversation away from undesirable truths. Of course, Sunny had not been blind to this manipulation, but what could he have done? It was not like he was in a position to force Eurys to speak.

In any case, he would have to go over everything that the skeleton had said and ponder it deeply. That was an important, but not urgent task.

Finally, there was the most dubious of his gains.

The Shadow Slayer…

Sunny was lucky to have received such a powerful Shadow. At the same time, not only could he not use it, but he even had to protect himself from her. What was this situation?

Not to mention that he could not help but feel a bit torn about whether he could even keep Slayer. After all, he had spent a big chunk of his life rebelling fiercely against having a master… so was it right to forcefully possess an unwilling Shadow?

Honestly, he would rather not, even if she was not really a human, or even a person. Merely a shadow of one.

But…

It wasn't like he knew how to give Slayer her freedom, or if it was even possible. Everything Sunny knew said otherwise, in fact. He could not even summon her and let her be, which would be an illusion of freedom… because his new Shadow was a murderous psychopath whom he could not in good conscience unleash upon the world.

Especially since she seemed hellbent on killing him in particular.

So, unless Sunny kept Slayer… his only other option was to destroy her.

But he was not ready to do that yet.

Laying on the floor, Sunny sighed and stared at the ceiling.

Then, he turned his head and looked at his left hand.

There, a sharp piece of bone was still held.

It was all that remained from the ivory fang of a colossal Soul Serpent whose skeleton lay among the black dunes of the Shadow Realm like a white mountain chain.

This piece of bone had destroyed both the shadow of Condemnation and the slayer of the Shadow Realm.

Technically, this was his final gain.

As Sunny considered what to do with the piece of bone, he heard a door opening somewhere above, and gentle light suddenly reached into the darkness of the silent basement.




***
Chapter 2135: Food Delivery


***






Sunny strained his tired body and turned his head toward the stairs, wondering who it was that had entered the Brilliant Emporium. Although the Ivory Island was not as desolate as before with the Fire Keepers back, few would come unannounced… let alone manage to get past the jaws of the Marvelous Mimic unharmed.

So, there were only a handful of candidates.

Cassie was far away, in the Hollows, while Aiko usually floated down the stairs instead of walking. So...

His question was answered shortly when he saw Nephis descending the steps carefully, her way illuminated softly by a floating Memory.

The graceful lines of her slender figure were a wondrous sight for sore eyes.

Sunny was so engrossed in marveling at the view that he momentarily forgot to greet her.

'...But what is she carrying?'

Indeed, Nephis held something in her hands. From his position below the stairs, that something… looked suspiciously like a tray.

A few moments later, a delectable aroma reached his nose.

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

'Food?'

At this moment, the soft light of the luminous Memory chased away the darkness and shone upon his sprawled figure. Noticing him staring at her from the floor, Nephis froze for a moment, then turned away a little with a hint of embarrassment in her posture.

As if trying to shield the tray with her body.

"You… you are already back."

Her voice was sounded confident and even, like always, but he could tell that she was a little startled.

She remained silent for a moment, and then added in her usual impassive tone:

"I just thought you'd be hungry when you come back. So, I brought some food over, to leave it… just in case."

Sunny stared at her for a bit, then smiled, feeling a strange and warm feeling soothe his aching heart.

"...Did you cook a meal for me?"

Nephis cleared her throat.

"Why? Did you assume that I can't cook, Master Sunless? Naturally, I can. I received an extensive education as a scion of a Legacy clan, after all,including advanced courses on meal preparation and nutrition. So, I am quite skilled in these matters as well."

Sunny laughed quietly, then grimaced due to pain.

'I'd better not make any sudden movements...'

At the same time, he thought back to their shared past. One that only he remembered, and treasured dearly.

His smile turned a little wistful.

"Oh, no… I know that you can cook, Lady Nephis. In fact, I even considered employing you as a chef in the Brilliant Emporium once."

These days, it was Sunny who always fed Nephis. He was happy to, and really, watching her enjoy the food he prepared brought him great joy. But in the early days of their tumultuous relationship, back on the Forgotten Shore, it had been her who always prepared food for the cohort.

Smelling the delicious aroma now, Sunny suddenly realized how much he had missed the taste of Neph's cooking.

'Those Legacy teachers are no joke...'

She tilted her head a little and gave him a dubious look, sparks of amusement igniting in her eyes.

"Me? Employed as a chef?"

Sunny raised an eyebrow and grinned.

"Why? The Lord of Shadow can work in the kitchen, but Changing Star can't?"

Nephis remained silent for a few moments, then smiled subtly.

"...Maybe one day in the future. I am a bit preoccupied, for now."

Then, her smile slowly disappeared, and as her gaze explored Sunny's sprawled figure, her expression darkened.

"But why are you on… you're wounded?"

Sunny coughed and hesitated for a few moments.

"Yes, I am a bit wounded. In fact, I am so wounded that I can't even hold up a spoon…"

Hurrying her steps, Nephis hastily descended from the stair and placed the tray on a display table.

"Hold on, I'll heal you."

Sunny gave her a pitiful look.

"Or, you know… you can hold me while you feed me…"

Her expression hardened.

"I'll heal you."

As Sunny chuckled, she knelt in front of him and placed her hands on his chest. Soon, his pain receded, chased away by the warm wave of purifying flame.

His battered body was healed, and even his hurt soul was soothed, repairing itself with much greater speed.

This time, it took Nephis much longer than usual to mend his wounds.

Eventually, though, she was done… even if her complexion had become a little pale.

Knowing the price that it entailed, Sunny disliked being healed by her quite a bit. But he was not immature enough to voice his reluctance.

After all, seeing him wounded and suffering must have been just as painful for her as seeing her in agony was for him… well, maybe a bit less so. In any case, it was a gift she gave freely and willingly, and he would not answer her grace with bitter words of regret.

So, Sunny just smiled and said with relief written clearly on his face:

"Thank you."

Nephis remained silent for a few moments, then answered in a slightly subdued tone:

"If you are grateful, don't get hurt so easily. I… don't like it when you get hurt."

Sunny let out a quiet laugh.

"...It wasn't easy to get hurt this badly, you know? In fact, I worked really hard to receive each wound."

She gave him a reproachful look.

"So, what happened?"

He sat up, then glanced at the tray of food that remained forgotten on the table.

"Oh… I went to the Shadow Realm, killed a dead god, became a Titan, learned a few ancient secrets from a talkative corpse, and cut the throat of a shadow who had once been his companion."

Sunny smiled, then pointed to the food.

"I'll tell you everything in more detail, but… can I eat, first? I'm sure I'll enjoy the meal more while it's still hot… even if you refuse to feed me…"

Nephis blinked a couple of times.

"Sure. Go ahead, if you wish."

Then, as Sunny rose to pick up the tray, she suddenly spoke again:

"Wait. Did you say that you killed a dead god?"

Fully concentrated on the alluring view of a meal prepared by Nephis, Sunny nodded absentmindedly.

"Yes. I was just a minor god, though! Nothing to worry about…"




***
Chapter 2136: Ritual


***






"...And that was when I said goodbye to Eurys and rushed back to where I had entered the Shadow Realm, to return here. For what it's worth… I think that scoundrel was happy to know that you are alright. Despite the colorful words he used to describe you."

Nephis remained silent for a while, looking at Sunny with wonder. She had asked him a few questions here and there during his tale, but mostly kept quiet and listened intently.

A few moments later, she slowly shook her head.

"He is from the time before the Nightmare Spell ruled the world. He would not know what Nightmares are and how they function. So, he would not be able to guess that I received the Attribute of [Nephilim] after conquering the First Nightmare… he would simply think that I was born as one. Nephilim were children of an unholy union between the divine and the profane, so for people of that era, they would be more abominable than even those who had been corrupted by the Void."

She shrugged.

"So, don't hold it against him."

A moment later, a rare smile illuminated her face.

"Still. I am glad that he fulfilled his wish and reached the Shadow Realm. Our time together was brief, but I enjoyed his company."

Sunny looked at her with curiosity.

"Does it matter, though? Whether he is swallowed by the mist of the Underworld or destroyed by the Shadow Realm, the result is more or less the same. More than that… I think he was lying to me, from the start. Didn't he tell you once that there was not much time for him left after being taken off that tree? So, it might be that he simply invented the whole story about being cursed by Shadow God."

Nephis contemplated his words, then shook her head slowly.

"I think… what he meant was that he would become mindless like the rest of the restless dead in the Nightmare Desert eventually, separated from the tree. And it does matter — it matters for him, at least. Think about it as a body being left for the elements or receiving a proper burial.FOr the ancient people, it was proper for the shadows of the dead to find peace in the Shadow Realm, so even if Eurys was denied death, he would still want his final resting place to be in the Realm of Shadow God."

She looked at Sunny and smiled slightly.

"It is better than the alternatives, in any case."

Then, Nephis chuckled quietly.

"But isn't it strange, to be talking about the Shadow Realm as the mystical nature of death so matter-of-factly, as if they were not supposed to be myths?"

Sunny shrugged.

"I guess? Is it stranger than fighting a war on the rib cage of a continent-sized skeleton, though? Or sailing through time inside a pyramid that remains far away no matter how long you travel in its direction? Let's be honest… our lives are not and have never been quite normal."

Nephis nodded, then looked at him seriously.

"So, the Shadow Realm… are you the only one who can enter it? Or can you take others with you?"

Sunny hesitated for a few moments.

"I am not sure if I can take someone with me into the Gate of Shadow. However, I used my seventh incarnation to leave a tether — as far away from the heartland as I could, since I fear the beings who dwell there. So, I can bring someone to the Shadow Realm from the waking world. That said… I wouldn't recommend going. It is too dangerous, and it is only useful for someone like me. Even then, I am not planning on returning there any time soon."

Nephis sighed and nodded again.

"That is probably wise."

After that, her expression turned contemplative.

Eventually, she said quietly:

"And act of defiance…"

Sunny remained silent, thinking about what Eurys had said again.

After some time, Nephis frowned.

"It makes sense, somehow. The essence of Supremacy is not simply to have enough power to rule the world, but more so to have conviction powerful enough to make the world submit to your strength. To will it. And it seems that one has to prove the power of their conviction through an exceptional act… a ritual, of sorts,or a sacrifice."

Sunny chuckled, amused by her words.

"Conviction… funny you would use that word…"

But he understood what she was trying to say. It was not that attaining Supremacy demanded a particular ritual to be performed — it was that any act that resulted in attaining Supremacy would be a ritual bydefinition.

He had never thought of thinking about it as a sacrifice, though. That was also an unusual choice of words.

Had Azarax, the Plague of Steel, sacrificed his father to take his place?

In that case, what was Sunny supposed to sacrifice to complete the ritual?

Suddenly, he remembered an old story that Nephis had told him once… the story about a great hero named Heracles whose divine self had become a god, while his mortal self had become a forlorn shadow wandering aimlessly in the darkness of the Underworld… the mythical version of the Underworld, not the real world.

He shivered, suddenly uncomfortable.

Eventually, Sunny sighed.

"In any case… we are running out of time."

Nephis looked at him somberly, then nodded with a sigh.

Sunny really did not want to say what he was going to say next, but there was little choice.

He took a deep breath.

"Anvil has already cleaved a path through the Hollow of the First Rib. Once the Sword Army emerges from below and the Lesser Crossing Stronghold falls, Ki Song would have no choice but to retreat. And when the base camp of the Song Army is surrounded… it would be only a matter of days before the Sovereigns clash. That is our deadline. Do you think we will attain Supremacy by then?"

Nephis hesitated for a while, then said evenly:

"I can't be sure of that."

Sunny nodded.

"Which means that we have to start asking ourselves a few difficult questions. And no matter what our answers are… I think that we need to change the plan a little."

He sighed.

'For better or worse...'




***
Chapter 2137: A Blind Girl Walks Into a Bar


***






Cassie was walking through the vast, abominable expanse of the monstrous jungle while keeping her hand on the hilt of the Quiet Dancer. A thousand scents assaulted her sensitive nose, and a thousand noises assaulted her ringing ears.

The humid air stuck to her skin, making her feel dirty.

She disliked the jungle a great deal.

For someone like her, who lacked sight but made up for it — somewhat — with enhanced senses, the sprawling, swarming, slithering depths of Godgrave were a burden. There were no straight lines anywhere here, no predictable patterns, no orderly spaces… no safety. Only chaos and appalling abundance, which threatened to overwhelm her.

Her Awakened Ability was not omnipotent, either. She could navigate the world with a level of confidence in places both strange and familiar, or even on a battlefield — at least for a while. But here, every step was a trial. There were bulging roots, thick vines, and old bones protruding from the ground. There were revolting spiderwebs, hanging branches, and swaying leaves…

And those were merely the mundane obstacles. There were swarms of pests with fatal bite, pits of digestive acid hiding beneath thin layers of scarlet moss, rotting trees that reached for prey with vermilion tendrils and pulled living beings into dreadful maws, and countless other horrors as well.

All in all, it was the worst possible place for a blind person to find themselves in… and for her especially, it was no different from hell.

But Cassie did find herself braving the depths of the abominable jungle, sent here by the order of the King of Swords. She remained silent and did not complain.

At least she wasn't alone.

Two other Saints were accompanying her on this mission, both suited for it far better — Cassie was able to navigate the jungle by borrowing their senses. 

One of them was Saint Helie,

who moved a few steps ahead in her human form while clearing the underbrush with the sharp blade of her xiphos — something that Cassie, to her embarrassment, was unable to do.

It was not that she could not swing her weapon at the hanging vines and the bristling branches. It was just that the Quiet Dancer often failed to cut them — not because the slender rapier was not sharp enough, but simply because the jungle surrounding them was too ancient and too potent, resisting the blade of a mere Awakened Echo… even when it was augmented by a powerful Memory.

Cassie sighed quietly. Even the weight of her armor felt unfamiliar — she had spent most of the last few years away from combat, wearing elegant gowns and enchanted tunics in opulent halls instead of donning chainmail shirts and steel cuirasses on the battlefield. So, she had neglected her soul arsenal, never bothering to assemble a set of combat Memories worthy of a Saint.

But one had to wear pants when entering the jungle. So, she was paying for her negligence now, feeling burdened by the armor.

The third member of their group was none other than the amicable old Saint, Jest of Dagonet, who walked behind her while using his cane to swat away the branches.

The three of them had been sent to scout the most distant and dangerous stretch of the Hollows — the interior of the First Rib. The King had already passed here once, subduing the most dangerous Nightmare Creatures like a natural disaster, but there was still some work to be done before the soldiers establishing a secure route to the surface reached this finishing line.

Additionally, this place belonged to neither the Sword Domain nor the Song Domain. It was no man's land in the truest sense, making it the most perilous — if something happened to the three Saints here, the King would not be able to help them. He might not even sense that deadly danger had befallen his champions.

Cassie had other means of asking for help should something happen, of course. But Nephis was too far away, commanding the siege of the Greater Crossing… the Lord of Shadows was far away, too, back at Vanishing Lake. It would take him some time to arrive if she called, but simply knowing that there was someone she could call made her feel better.

Swatting a scarlet vine away with his cane, Saint Jest sighed behind her.

Then, seemingly bored, he asked in a mischievous tone:

"Her, lass… Lady Cassia."

Cassie turned her head slightly, like someone who could see would. These gestures were meaningless to her, but they mde others feel more at ease around her.

"Yes, Saint Jest?"

The old man smiled. She knew it because she was sharing his senses, and could feel his lips stretch.

"...What did a blind girl say after walking into a bar?"

Cassie blinked a couple of times... which went unnoticed due to her blindfold.

'No… he wouldn't. Would he?'

She cleared her throat.

"I am afraid I don't know."

The old man smiled wider and suppressed a laugh.

"...Ouch."

'He did!'

Cassie remained silent, not knowing how to react.

Old Jest, meanwhile, let out a stifled laugh.

"Ouch. Get it?"

Cassie forced out a smile.

"Oh…"

Up ahead, Saint Helie let out a heavy sigh and looked down, covering her face with a palm.

Jest stared at them for a few moments, then shook his head in dismay.

"Ah. You girls are no fun!"

Cassie briefly considered if his joke had been rude… but even if it was, she secretly enjoyed it.

Turning away to continue walking, she concentrated on the old man's perspective.

Saint Jest was indeed old — older than most Awakened, at least, being a member of the First Generation. However, he was as healthy and hale as a man in his prime. His body brimmed with ferocious strength, tempered into a flawless tool of murder by decades of relentless training. He was more imposing than almost any Saint she had ever met, even, as far as physique went.

His cane was just for show, as well. He did not have a limp, and all his bones were in stellar state.

…Which was a bit of a shame.

Because Cassie was almost certain that Saint Jest was planning to kill her today.




***
Chapter 2138: Cleaning House


***






Cassie had lost the ability to perceive the future, so her suspicion was not based on any kind of prophetic vision. However, she was quite confident that the old man had resolved to end her life today.

That was because even without knowing the future, and with her memory of past visions in disarray, she still retained her analytic mind and the ability to come to conclusions based on deductive reasoning.

She also had a lot of unknowing spies supplying her with information, and therefore knew far more than she was supposed to.

Take the current situation, for example…

Nephis had joined the Great Clan Valor to destroy it from within, and spent many years enduring the hostility of its elders. Outwardly, nothing hinted at her deep hatred of the Sovereigns. Nothing revealed that she knew who had conspired to eliminate her father, and who sent countless assassins to kill her as a child.

She seemed like a willful, but faultlessly loyal daughter of a Legacy clan who selflessly served her adoptive family despite not being treated that well by it.

The King of Sword had no evidence to suspect her of contemplating treason.

However…

Anvil was no fool. He knew perfectly well whose daughter Nephis was, and what role he had played in the downfall of her family. Therefore, he would treat her with suspicion no matter what Nephis did or failed to do.

He would also know that if she was going to betray him, she would do so during the final days of the war. Because, reasonably, the only way to betray a Sovereign was to help another Supreme destroy them.

And people tended to adhere to reason… even if the subject of their suspicion was someone entirely unreasonable.

So, Cassie had anticipated the possibility that the enemy would move against them as the resolution of the war drew near.

Then came the order to depart on the scouting mission in the depths of the First Rib Hollow — the furthest and most remote part of the war theater.

It was already strange that the King of Sword had isolated Nephis from Cassie and the Lord of Shadows by sending them both away from the Greater Crossing. It was even stranger that Cassie had been assigned to the frontline.

Now, she was separated from Sunny, as well.

That string of unlikely events was too improbable to be a mere coincidence. Added to everything she had learned from her marks…

Cassie had become convinced that she was seen as a hindrance.

The most damning evidence was the identity of the two Saints who accompanied her on the mission.

One was the niece of a recently executed traitor.

The other was the King's executioner and hidden blade.

There was something strange about it all, however. If Anvil really wanted to get rid of her, he would not have needed such a convoluted scheme. He had a thousand ways to make Cassie disappear without raising suspicion… if he even deemed it necessary to avoid suspicion, to begin with.

However, he had not. Which made Cassie believe that this scouting mission was Jest's own initiative. Which meant that she was the only one in danger, while Nephis and Sunny were still safe.

The way Jet behaved confirmed her suspicions, as well.

He was very subtle about it — in fact, he was almost flawlessly inconspicuous. The old man even seemed to have taken her Aspect into consideration, never betraying his true intentions even when no one was looking at him.

However, there was a small detail of his behavior that he had overlooked… a habit that all seasoned Awakened shared, and adhered to instinctively.

In the Dream Realm, where untold horrors dwelled, truly dangerous beings could sense when someone was gazing at them. Therefore, Awakened never looked at dangerous prey directly before the moment of attack.

Similarly, while seeing the world through Jest's eyes, Cassie noticed that he always kept her in the periphery of his vision, but never stared directly at her back.

Then, there was Helie.

One would assume that if Jest truly wanted to kill Cassie, he would have arranged for the two of them to go on a mission alone, to eliminate her without witnesses.

But that assumption was only reasonable if one did not know the details of Jest's Aspect… which very few people in the world did, to be fair.

But all Cassie had to do to learn the truth was face him once.

Saint Jest… was an insidious being.

His Dormant Ability could be either extremely powerful or completely useless, depending on the circumstances — he could intensify the emotions of a target, making them burn much hotter in their chest. Joy, mirth, affection, satisfaction… fear, hatred, sorrow, anger. All those and more were within his power to enhance.

His Awakened Ability was more obviously practical, allowing Jest to provoke anyone, or anything, into attacking him due to suffocating wrath. It was a powerful Ability that manipulated one's mind. It also benefitted greatly from his Dormant power… but it only truly shined when there was someone else there to take advantage of the enemy blindly attacking the wily old man.

However, it was Jest's Ascended Ability that made him so insidious.

His Ascended Ability… allowed the old man to switch the subject of a target's emotion.

In other words, he could provoke the feeling of uncontrollable fury directed at himself, and then transfer that fury to someone else — thus manipulating his victim into attacking anyone he wanted. At the same time, he could transfer the feelings of affection or protectiveness that comrades and companions naturally felt toward each other to himself, thus making them want to defend him.

So, while Saint Jest was undoubtedly powerful and insidiously lethal, having slaughtered countless powerful foes throughout his long and bloody life, his Aspect

worked best when there were at least two enemies facing him.

Which was why he had brought Helie, whose loyalty was under scrutiny, on this mission as well.

To use her as a tool against Cassie, and get rid of them both to clean the house.

Taking another step, Cassie tripped on a protruding root and almost fell.

Righting herself, she sighed deeply.

No, truly… he disliked the jungle so much.

She detested it.

Did she really need to keep enduring this vile place just to be killed?

Shaking her head, Cassie suddenly stopped and turned her head slightly, as if looking at the old man over her shoulder.

Then, she asked in a calm tone:

"Tell me, Saint Jest… is this far enough?"




***
Chapter 2139: Bad Timing


***






Cassie asked the question in a calm and composed tone, and yet, the air suddenly seemed infused with subtle tension. Perhaps it was due to the fact that she had stopped walking without giving a reason, or because Jest did not hurry with an answer.

Helie turned around and glanced at them with a look of confusion. Wet strands of her flaxen hair were sticking to her exquisitely beautiful face, so she sighed and lowered her sword to brush it back.

The old man leaned on his cane and studied Cassie with a wry expression. Then, he chuckled quietly.

"Oh, goodness me… I guess I'm not as slick as I thoughtI was."

With that, Jest sighed and shook his head in dejection.

"Comedy is all about timing, you know? That is why I just can't stand diviners. Most of them lack basic decency, if you ask me. People should have at least some tact, right? Who goes around learning the punchline before I even deliver the joke? That's just mean."

He stretched his neck languidly.

"In any case… dealing with seers is such a hassle. I should have known that you'd ruin all the fun, really. My bad! It's just that your lot has grown toothless in the last few years. So, I grew a bit complacent."

Cassie remained motionless, keeping her hand on the hilt of the Quiet Dancer.

"If it's any consolation…"

She paused for a moment, then smiled coldly.

"...You were never funny, to begin with."

Jest's eyes widened, and he looked at her with an appalled expression.

"Hey, now! There's no reason to get nasty!"

Helie interrupted them, her tone full of confusion:

"What the hell are you two talking about?"

Cassie took a deep breath. She was facing Jest, while Helie was standing behind her. Of course, it did not matter much because she was looking at herself through the eyes of both… still, there were limitations to human anatomy. Even if she was aware of what was happening behind her, her joints could not bend backwards. So, she was more vulnerable to attacks aimed at her back.

Still calm,Cassie kept facing Jest as she answered:

"We are discussing how Saint Jest intends to kill us both on this mission."

She paused for a moment, then smiled.

"...Oh, as well as his lack of comedic talent."

The old man scoffed.

"Lack of talent? It's not that I lack talent! It's that you dull people lack the capacity to appreciate it!"

Saint Helie looked at him, her eyes widening a little. Eventually, she asked in disbelief:

"That is what you are refuting? Not the fact that you were planning to kill me and Lady Cassia?"

Jest coughed in embarrassment.

"No, no… don't let her deceive you. She is completely wrong!"

Pausing for a moment, the old man flashed them a smile and added:

"I mean, I was only really planning to kill Song of the Fallen. As for you, Helie, I planned to see how it goes first. Who knows? I might even spare you, depending on what you do!"

Hearing that, Saint Helie frowned and studied him somberly, not saying anything else.

She did not seem that surprised by the sudden revelation — not surprised enough to ask for the reason, at least.

She must have known that after Master Orum was executed as a traitor, her entire clan would come under suspicion and remain on thin ice for a while. Before, Saints had been too precious to waste their lives — that was why Tyris of White Feather had only been exiled to Antarctica for killing a Transcendent retainer of Clan Valor, Cormac.

But now, there were far more Saints walking the world, and there was a war raging as well. Keeping potential traitors around could cost the King of Swords more than it was worth.

After a few moments of silence, Helie finally spoke.

"You know, that's the funniest thing you've said yet."

The old man looked at her with reproach and mumbled in a muffled voice:

"What's up with young'uns these days? It's like they don't respect their elders at all…"

Cassie remained silent for a moment, then spoke in a measured tone.

"I doubt that the King ordered you to eliminate me, though.You led us here entirely on your own initiative, didn't you?"

Jest studied her silently for a few moments, then shrugged.

"So what if I did?"

She frowned.

"Aren't you afraid of the consequences of going against the King's will?"

The old man smiled sheepishly.

"Oh. Well… I guess he'll be quite angry, won't he? But you know what they say! It's better to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission. He'll thank me in the end."

Cassie shook her head.

"Is that what you call loyalty, Saint Jest? Aren't you acting too arrogant, assuming that you know what is good for the King better than he knows himself? That, too, is a form of treachery."

Jest simply laughed.

His laugh, however, ended abruptly a few moments later, and he looked at her with cold contempt.

"What do you even know about loyalty, girl? What do you even know about the King?"

He raised his cane and placed it on his shoulder, glaring at her with a dark expression on his weathered face.

"That boy, Anvil… I knew him from the day he was born. I watched him grow, mature, and turn into the fearless ruler he is today. That is why I know what he is capable of better than anyone… but I know what his flaws are better than anyone, too. He is too fearless, in fact. He fears nothing because he values nothing — not even his own life. So, someone has to value it for him, you know?"

Jest smiled.

"The King is not afraid of you, Song of the Fallen, but I am. I might not know what exactly you are scheming, but I can smell a snake when I see one. So, to protect him from your venom, I am going to cut off your head before you can bite."

With that, he looked at Helie and asked in a cold tone:

"So, what is going to be, Helie? Are you going to prove your loyalty by helping me kill her? Or are you going to force me into making you help me kill her? The latter will mean you'll have to die as well, of course. You decide."

As Cassie took a deep breath, Saint Helie hesitated.




***
Chapter 2140: Terrible Offer


***






Helie remained silent for a few moments, then asked in an incredulous tone:

"What, that's it?"

Raising her xiphos to scratch her forehead with its sharp tip, the beautiful Saint shook her head in bewilderment.

"You lured us into an ambush without the order from the King, and your only reason for doing that is that, according to you, Lady Cassia… smells like a snake? Do you have any proof that she is planning to betray the Sword Domain? Any witnesses? Anything at all?"

The old man chuckled.

"Orum must have told you who I am, and what I do… no? It is true that the three of us are here because I acted on my own. However, you should know that in my line of work, the King allows me quite a bit of leeway and discretion."

Saint Helie shook her head.

"Still…"

But before she could continue, Cassie suddenly interrupted her.

"Actually, it's true."

Both Jest and Helie looked at her in surprise, prompting Cassie to smile.

She shrugged with a nonchalant expression.

"Saint Jest is right. I have, indeed, been planning to betray the Sword Domain. More than that, I have been planning to kill the King and replace him. I have been very busy planning this treachery, in fact. So much so that my plans are very close to fruition."

The old man looked at her with wide eyes and let out a disbelieving laugh.

"Wow! What a… flagrant display of duplicity. Have you no shame, lass? And why are you confessing all of a sudden?"

Cassie's smile remained unperturbed.

Turning her head, she addressed Saint Helie in a calm tone:

"So, Saint Helie… why don't you switch sides and help me kill this old fool, instead? Or you can listen to him and try killing me. The latter will mean… that you might have to listen to his jokes until the day you die, of course."

The beautiful Saint blinked, while Jest exploded with laughter.

"Hey, hey! My jokes are top-notch! Why are you threatening her with something so wonderful?"

Then, noticing Helie's expression, he raised an eyebrow.

"Hold on,Helie… you aren't considering her offer seriously, are you?"

But she simply kept silent, looking between him and Cassie with a ponderous expression.

Eventually, she asked:

"Not that it's remotely possible… but who are you going to place on the throne instead of Anvil? Actually, don't say it. I guess the answer is obvious, in hindsight."

Jest stared at her in bewilderment.

"You can't be serious. Really? Is this about that old fool, Orum? Listen… I liked him as much as the next guy, but Orum had made his own choice. No one forced him to betray Valor."

All warmth drained from Helie's gaze, and she looked at the old man darkly.

"No one forced Valor to execute him, either. How much harm could he have done after being discovered? Considering all that he has done for the Clan Valor and humanity at large, you could have let him live."

Jest scoffed.

"Goodness gracious, so filial. Fine then! Let's say that you really cared about your uncle Orum, but aren't your dismay a bit misplaced? Sure, it was the King's sword that ended his life… but it was this girl Cassia here who had callously interrogated him and sealed his fate! Both sides are complicit in his death, so why are you treating her better than me?"

Saint Helie stared at her sword for a few moments, then glanced at him with a dark smile.

"Maybe it's because of that last argument. You know, about not having to listen to your jokes anymore. That is an objective benefit, at least."

Jet's jaw hung open.

"What? What… is this nonsense? Are you really siding with the seer and her friend from the Immortal Flame? What can she even do? What can she promise you? The only thing she's capable of is shifting the odds in Ki Song's favor, and do you really think that the Queen of Worms is any better?"

He looked at Cassie.

"Go on, try to promise her assurances with a straight face. That'll be a hoot."

Cassie did not look away from the old man, but addressed the Saint who was standing behind her:

"I can't promise any assurances.However, if you decide to help me…"

Before he could finish however, Helie said calmly:

"Okay. Let's do it."

Both Cassie and Jest were given a pause.

She had hoped that Helie would agree, of course — actually, she knew that Helie would agree due to hearing these exact words a few moments before due to her Awakened Ability.

But still. Should Helie not have considered her choice more thoroughly?

Jest coughed.

"Well, that's… whatever, I guess. It doesn't really change what will happen next that much. But I must admit that I am curious… why?"

Saint Helie massaged her shoulder, as if preparing for battle, and then answered evenly:

"I guess it's because I believe in Changing Star."

The old man stared at her incredulously.

"You believe in Changing Star?"

The beautiful Saint nodded.

"To be honest, these days it feels like the world has gone mad, and she's the only one who is still sane. I'm not the only one who feels that way, either. Honestly, both of your offers are terrible, so I'll choose the one that at least lets me hope that everything will be alright, somehow."

Then, she smiled.

"Oh… and I also don't want to end up fighting the Lord of Shadows. That guy creeps me out."

Cassie remained silent for a moment, even if she very much wanted to retort…

'But she's the maddest of them all!'

Which was a virtue, of course, considering the world they were living in.

Still, if Helie was inspired to feel hope, she was not going to take that away from her.

Unsheathing the Quiet Dancer, Cassie turned her head to face Saint Jest and slowly raised an arm.

"Let us not waste time, then. Any last words?"

The old man looked at her somberly.

Then, he grinned.

"What do you call a blind girl who walked into a bar?"

Cassie grasped her blindfold and pulled it down, revealing her beautiful blue eyes.

Saint Jest took a step forward, his grin turning dark and sinister.

"...An ambulance!"

With that, everything exploded into madness.




***
Chapter 2141: The good, the Bad and the Centaur


***






Lost in the depths of a Death Zone and facing one of the most prolific killers of the Legacy regime, Cassie remained calm.

Why would she feel agitated?

Yes, Saint Jest was powerful. And she had indeed been lured here to be slaughtered — the old man was a deadly predator, while Cassie was his hapless prey.

Or so it seemed.

In truth, she was a predator herself. It wasn't just Jest who had wanted to lure Cassie away from her allies — she had wanted to get him alone and away from the King of Swords for the longest time, too.

After all, the old man was her target. He knew a great deal of secrets, and Cassie wanted… needed… to learn what he knew.

So, she had followed him into the jungle willingly.

Saint Jest was here to deal with her, while she was here to deal with him. The only unfortunate person among them was Helie, who had gotten entangled in their secretive clash against her will.

But Cassie could not do anything about that, at the moment. The best she could do was try to keep Helie alive until Jest was defeated.

Of course… it wasn't entirely clear if they could defeat him.

As Jest took a step forward, Cassie experienced the strangest sensation.

She was currently perceiving the world from three points of view — her own, the old man's, and Helie's. Additionally, each of these perspectives was split into two, one corresponding to the present, the other to a point several moments in the future.

The connections to the rest of her marks were temporarily deactivated in order to conserve soul essence.

In the present, Cassie was preparing to deflect Jest's first attack. But in the future…

Her body was behaving strangely. There was a odd and sickening sensation settled somewhere in the pit of her stomach, and her limbs were trembling. Her pupils were dilated, and cold sweat was rolling down her back. She was slow and sluggish, failing to react to the enemy's movements in time.

'How curious.'

Cassie could perceive what her body would feel in the near future as far as its four remaining senses were concerned: touch, smell, taste, and hearing. The same went for more mystical senses, like the ability to feel the flow of soul essence. However, she could not perceive her future thoughts and emotions.

That was why she often felt lost when sensing the physical effects of future powerful emotions. It was like learning the answer without knowing the question… in the case of her strange state in the near future, though, the cause was easy to deduce.

Cassie would be imminently weakened by an overwhelming fear.

She was not too afraid, though. Of course, she felt tense and apprehensive about facing the infamous butcher of Valor, Saint Jest, in combat… but even if there was a slither of fear hiding deep in her heart, it was small and miniscule. Not at all powerful enough to be debilitating.

But that was the nature of the enemy.

As Cassie started to take a step back, she felt it…

Her small fear suddenly surged like flame, uncontrollable, enveloping her entire being and turning into primal terror.

"Ah…"

Her legs trembled. Her eyes opened wide. Her heart shuddered like a wounded animal, and a terrified scream died somewhere in her throat, with only a weak squeal escaping from between her lips.

Even knowing that it was merely the effect of the old man's Dormant Ability, which allowed him to intensify emotions, Cassie could not suppress the fear that grasped her limbs like a heavy chain.

Therefore, she was a moment too late to deflect Jest's blow.

His cane fell from above, whistling as it tore the air, aiming to crack her skull open — only to collide with Quiet Dancer, who put herself between Cassie's head and the enemy's weapon on her own.

Echoes, after all, knew neither thoughts nor emotions. Therefore, her loyal rapier was utterly fearless.

It was too weak to resist the power of a Transcendent killer, though. The wooden cane easily batted the Quiet Dancer aside, sending her flying far away… the collision slowed the cane down a little, though, just enough to let Cassie dash back.

Creating some distance between her and Jest, she froze for a moment.

The old man looked at her with a smile.

"How interesting. Few people have ever managed to dodge my attack, you know?"

He was indeed fast enough to startle even a Saint, striking without a hint of doubt or hesitation. If Cassie had not perceived the attack in advance, she would not have had time to react and give the Quiet Dancer a command.

Taking a deep breath, Cassie considered Jest somberly.

With her left hand, she unsheathed a long parrying dagger and put it between herself and the old man. The dagger was a Transcendent Memory of the Third Tier, and usually served as a partner to Quiet Dancer.

At the same time, she deactivated the charm that hung on a silver chain around her neck. This one was a Memory forged by one of the Spellsmiths of Valor, and its function was to bestow a powerful augmentation on an Echo. The charm had been a potent tool when she was a Master… but after becoming a Saint, Cassie quickly started to feel that it was lacking.

So, she had endeavored to make it stronger. In the end, the King of Swords himself had reforged it as a reward for her service, turning the charm into a Transcendent Memory — and a very powerful one, at that. It was the reason why the Quiet Dancer had been able to keep up with the demands of the battlefield so far.

But no matter how Cassie loved the Quiet Dancer, she knew that her rapier would not be able to contend against Saint Jest. And as one of her two most powerful Memories, the forged charm consumed a lot of essence. There was no justification to waste any, right now.

After all, Cassie only possessed one soul core — unlike Nephis and Sunny. She had to be conservative when managing her essence in a dire battle.

So she activated the enchantment of her most powerful Memory, instead.

It was another charm, which she had received in the Third Nightmare from Nephis… a Supreme Memory of unknown origin that could improve the material properties of other objects, making weapons sharper and armor more durable.

Only, this time, she did not use it on the Quiet Dancer. Instead, she augmented her dagger, making it even sharper and more durable than it had been already.

At the same time, Cassie activated the enchantment of a simple ring that adorned one of her fingers. With that, her mental resistance was boosted, and the terror strangling her heart grew a little less suffocating.

Glancing at Helie, Cassie forced out a smile.

"Be wary."

In the next moment, she lunged forward and tried to sink her dagger into Helie's heart.




***
Chapter 2142: Three Flawed Foes


***






'W—what?'

Even as Cassie delivered the attack, she felt that something was wrong. But she could not understand what...

It was so strange.

A few moments ago, she clearly perceived attacking the loathsome enemy. She had even noted how sharp her movements would be, and how determined her attack was going to feel. As if her entire being was consumed by the burning resolve to defeat her foe.

Naturally, she knew that her enemy was Jest.

But then, when the future she had perceived finally arrived…

Suddenly, she felt consumed by incinerating wrath, feeling like she had to kill the enemy at all costs. Even knowing that she was being taunted by the old man's Awakened Ability, Cassie nevertheless lunged at the odious, hateful figure in front of her.

Only that figure was not Saint Jest — the old man whom she had to protect and keep alive until the battle was over. Of course, it was the woman with beautiful features and long flaxen hair, Saint Helie, whom she hated with all her heart.

She almost managed to pierce Helie's heart when the beautiful Saint staggered back, deflecting the blow with the blade of her xiphos.

"Cassia! What the…"

'I'm being influenced.'

Of course, she was.

Cassie froze for a moment, suddenly troubled.

It was at that moment that her wrath was replaced by disorientation and confusion, while Helie's eyes ignited with scathing loathing.

The old man wasn't just watching them fight, either. He was already drawing close, his wooden cane raised to deliver a fatal blow.

The cane was going to plummet, aimed at her head.

Helie's xiphos, meanwhile, would shoot toward her heart.

More than that, Cassie could not quite determine where Jest was anymore, because she suddenly became half-blind. One of the two points of view through which she gazed upon the world had gone dark.

She could still see what Helie could see, and feel what Helie felt. But while she could sense through Jest, she could not see what he saw… for some reason.

Well, it was easy to explain. The old man must have simply closed his eyes.

She was in danger.

She was going to die.

Luckily, danger and death were still a few moments away, because she was perceiving what would happen shortly in the future.

So, Cassie moved.

Turning her body, she allowed for the xiphos to slide past her body without ever touching it. At the same time, she raised her arm and caught the falling cane with the crossguard of her parrying dagger, twisting it into a collision with Helie's sword and stepping back to disengage at the same time.

The force of the impact sent a painful shudder through her body and made her bones groan in protest.

'Just… how strong is he?'

And why was Jest attacking her? Weren't they allies?!

Np, they... they were, weren't they? She had to... make sure that he survived the fight...

In the next few moments, both Helie and the old man unleashed a barrage of attacks on Cassie. Both were powerful Saints and masters of combat, but despite that, she managed to avoid their blows. Her technique was elegant and precise, but more than that, it was eerily graceful.

Physically, Cassie was clearly weaker than both of her opponents. And yet, she moved as if anticipating their every move, seemingly reacting to attacks before they even thought of delivering them. She dodged and evaded some, often missing the enemy weapons only by a few millimeters, while deflecting others with her dagger in a way that dissipated and redirected most of the force.

There were also the bracelets she wore on her wrists. One seemed to be capable of enhancing the strength of her own attacks, while the other was a protective charm, creating a small repelling field in front of her hand from time to time. That bracelet saved her from a few blows that the dagger had failed to stop.

But each time she used it, some of her essence was burned.

Cassie only seemed to attack Helie, defending herself against Jest while showing stubborn determination to keep him alive. Helie, meanwhile, was too overcome with mad wrath to attack anyone except the blind seer, so the old man remained completely unscathed.

A few dreadful moments later, the three Saints jumped away from each other, pausing briefly to reevaluate their enemies.

Cassie was breathing heavily, and blood was seeping from a thin cut on her cheek. She faced Jest and Helie, visibly confused, her breathtaking beauty accentuated by the glimmers of light shining in her enchanting, unseeing blue eyes.

The old man shook his head in dejection and furtively opened one of his own eyes to take a look around.

"Ah… it seems that this one will be troublesome. I really should have known! You always remained so quiet, so subservient, so unassuming… to the point that it was often hard to remember that you even exist, lass. Who knew that you were such a fiend with a blade? Ha! Consider me fooled."

He shook his head and glanced at Helie.

"And what's up with you? Use your Aspect, foolish girl!"

The beautiful Saint ground her teeth.

"I… can't…"

The old man raised an eyebrow.

"Huh? What's that? Surely, you are not low on essence?"

Helie grimaced.

"No… I can't use it… unless my emotions are in check!"

Jest frowned, then suddenly exploded with laughter.

"What? Wait… is that your Flaw? You can't use your powers unless you're calm? Well, that will make things easier, at the end."

Helie simply threw a dark glance at him, struggling to contain her fury.

Her lips twisted in contempt.

"What are you doing yourself, old man? Summon a damn Memory! She will kill us both if this goes on!"

Jest hesitated for a moment, then smiled.

"Well, since neither of you are coming back from this hike, I guess I'll tell you a secret. Actually, I too have a regrettable Flaw. I can't use enchanted items. Therefore, I don't even possess a single Memory. What, did you think I was walking around with this cane for fun?"

He snorted.

"It was carved from nearly indestructible wood, of course. And it's really dapper… but I don't really fight with it often. In truth, I prefer to kill my victims with bare hands. It's much more enjoyable that way."

Noticing that both Cassie and Helie were looking at him strangely, Jest raised an eyebrow.

"What?"

Cassie, who had been trying to catch her breath and subdue the tremors running through her hands, answered quietly:

"No… it's just surprising. Everyone assumed that your Flaw has to do with a terrible sense of humor."

Jest stared at her for a few moments, then gave her a sinister smile.

"What nonsense is that? You rude child… hey, Helie! Don't worry about this one. She might seem dangerous, but that is only because she is a cheater. Seers are like that — they are indeed difficult to handle, but there's a simple trick to dealing with them. We just have to exhaust her essence. Once she loses the power of her Aspect and becomes defenseless, I'll snap her neck and rip off her pretty head, no problem. That'll be quite funny, don't you think?!"

Staring at her darkly, the old man grinned.

"Let's get serious, them."

With that, he dropped his cane. His body twisted, starting to transform.

Suddenly, Cassie was overcome with fear once again — this one her own, not summoned by the power of an enemy Aspect.

She smiled tiredly.

"Too late, old man. I figured you out."

At that moment, without making any noise, the Quiet Dancer finally returned, shooting from the dense canopy of the jungle at stunning speed.

It was aimed at Helie's back…

But just a moment before piercing her flesh, the graceful rapier pivoted in the air, and streaked toward Saint Jest instead.




***
Chapter 2143: Thoughts and Emotions


***






Cassie moved.

The Quiet Dancer flashed past Helie, her narrow tip aimed at the old man's heart. However, a split second later, when the graceful rapier pierced the red fabric of his dapper shirt… it came to a sudden halt, its hilt quivering in the humid air.

The narrow tip had barely cut Jest's skin, drawing a few drops of blood, but failed to plunge deeper. His muscles were like steel, resisting the sharpness of the Awakened blade with transcendent resilience.

The gallant old man was nowhere to be seen, either.

Instead, a towering abomination stood in his place, looking down at Cassie with chilling malevolence. The creature was vaguely humanoid in shape, with a muscular human torso and furry goat-like legs. Its face was a disturbing mix of human and bestial features, with two curved horns protruding from its grotesque head.

The most eerie part was that Cassie could still recognize Jest's features in the bestial face, and see her own distorted figure reflecting in his sinister rectangular pupils.

She did not know whether his Transcendent form was supposed to be a devil or a satyr… in any case, he looked like a fiend.

As a vicious grin twisted the fiend's lips and his clover hooves dug into the scarlet moss…

Cassie grasped the hilt of the Quiet Dancer, augmented the slender rapier with the power of her Supreme charm, and pushed the narrow blade deeper with all her Transcendent strength.

"Ho…"

A low, inhuman laugh escaped from Jest's mouth. Now almost twice as tall as Cassie, he easily batted the slender rapier away with his clawed hand and thrust the other one forward, aiming to grab her head and crush it in his fist.

Even knowing what was coming, she barely had time to jump away.

Jest looked down, at the thin stream of blood trickling from the small cut on his chest, and grinned.

His unnaturally deep, dark voice sent shivers running down Cassie's back.

"That tickles a little. Still… you should be proud of yourself, little girl.

You made me bleed. Few ever managed."

He crouched, preparing to lunge forward.

"How did you even manage to attack me, anyway?"

Cassie did not waste time responding — but actually, it was simple.

Jest's insidious Aspect allowed him to play with his victim's emotions, manipulating living beings like obedient puppets, but its very power was also its weakness.

Because while people were usually hostages of their feelings, they also possessed the capacity for rational thought. Most of the old man's enemies did not know what his powers were, and therefore lacked the ability to understand how they were manipulated.

But Cassie was different.

Knowledge was a heavy burden, but it was also the origin of power — and in that sense, she wielded more power than most. She knew exactly what Jest was capable of, and so, she knew not to trust her emotions when facing him.

Of course, there was a vast difference between knowing not to trust one's feelings and actually being able to disregard them. After all, the crippling fear he had induced in her did not disappear simply because she realized its artificial source.

Currently, Cassie felt two powerful emotions.

A scathing hatred and fear of Helie, whom she wanted to kill with an almost uncontrollable intensity, and a good measure of trust and favor toward Jest, whom she wanted to keep alive with all her heart.

But she also knew that these feelings were supposed to be reversed.

The powerful emotions ruling her heart were clashing with the rational thoughts borne of her mind, which left her torn and dazed. Even knowing better, she could not help but want Helie dead — want it more than she wanted anything else, to the point that the very idea of failing to kill Helie made her tremble in rage. So…

Cassie ignored her emotions.

It wasn't that hard to do, really — at least for her. In truth, Cassie had long learned to build a wall between herself and what she felt. Otherwise, it would have been too easy to lose herself in the endless lives she experienced through her marks, countless foreign memories she saw, and all the fleeting versions of the future she felt.

She knew so much, and she had experienced so much. Every time she stepped on the battlefield, she had to die a thousand times in order to survive once. Every time she experienced the vibrant beauty of the world through someone else's eyes, she was tempted to abandon the dark confines of her own bleak existence forever.

...If anything, it was hard not to allow herself to grow unfeeling and numb.

Jest seemed surprised that Cassie had managed to shake off his compulsion, but in reality, she had not.

She simply steeled her heart and willed herself into following cold logic instead of her fleeting and unreliable emotions.

So, Cassie resolved to kill the one whom she wanted to protect, and save the one whom she wanted to kill.

That was how she was able to attack Jest instead of Helie.

Sadly… that did not mean that she would immediately win the battle.

Far from that, in fact.

"Ah!"

Cassie dashed back, parrying Helie's attack with her dagger, and was a split second too slow to evade Jest's claws. They tore through her armor and left deep cuts on her side, hot blood streaming down her thigh.

She had known when and where the attack would come from. But she was still too slow to avoid it because the goat-like abomination was simply too fast and ferocious, moving so swiftly that there was no possible future where she had avoided both blows.

Raising the bloodied claws to his bestial face, Jest smiled.

"Well… so what if you can attack me? There are still two of us, and only one of you. How much essence do you have left, lass? Why don't you just give up this tired routine and accept your fate?"

As Cassie heard these words, her expression suddenly froze, and an eerie presence suddenly enveloped the jungle, making the old man frown for a moment.

Her lips moved, and a quiet question escaped from them.

"Accept… fate?"

Cassie's unseeing eyes suddenly ignited with dangerous light.

Lowering her head slightly, she gritted her teeth and then smiled wickedly.

"Why do you insist on constantly running your mouth, old man? Just die quietly!"

Snarling, she pushed herself forward.




***
Chapter 2144: Look Into the Eyes of Monsters


***






The battle had turned more ferocious after Jest assumed his Transcendent form and Cassie reclaimed the Quiet Dancer. Before, the three Saints had merely been testing each other's power — now, they grew serious about killing each other.

The ancient jungle was shaken by the fierce clash of the three Transcendent humans. A swath of it was devastated entirely, with dozens of trees being cut, splintered, and toppled by the dire forces unleashed by each of the fighters.

Jest was like a demon that had crawled out of the deepest reaches of a dark hell, moving with both the bestial might and the cold, calculated malice of an experienced killer. Helie was consumed by intoxicating wrath, allowing her honed martial excellence to turn into a violent, destructive calamity.

Cassie remained calm and composed, facing them both with the grace and measured precision of a talented swordsman trained by Changing Star herself. But there was now a ruthless coldness and scathing killing intent in her movements now, too.

But despite that…

She was still slowly losing ground. Jest had no problems with using Helie as a living shield to protect himself against her biting attacks, and while Cassie wanted nothing more than to kill her, she had to hold herself back.

She barely managed to keep herself alive in the furious whirlwind of deadly attacks. Jest's malice and Helie's wrath left bloody marks on her body, but they weren't able to bring her down… at least not yet.

Despite that, the situation did not look good.

It seemed desperate, in fact.

Eventually, Cassie managed to send Helie staggering by bashing her in the head with the pommel of her dagger. The beautiful Saint swayed and fell to one knee, her flaxen hair soaked with blood. She raised one hand and pressed it against her temple, dazed, then tried to stand up — only to fall once again, opening herself to a fatal blow.

Cassie had to use all of her self-control to stay her hand.

By then,

her armor was broken and battered, and a dozen shallow wounds covered her body. Her breath was hoarse and labored, too, with sweat rolling down her pale face. She activated the enchantment of her protective bracelet to block a devastating swipe of Jest's clawed hand and was sent reeling by the recoil, a quiet groan escaping from her lips.

"Didn't you make a mistake, lass?"

Jest's inhuman voice was full of mockery.

Indeed, she had.

Removing Helie from the battle might have been a boon, since it only left one enemy for Cassie to deal with — the one whom she really needed to defeat.

However…

With the cunning old man still keeping his eyes closed, Helie was the only source of sight for her. Now that the beautiful Saint was dazed and disoriented, her vision blurred and painted red by flowing blood, Cassie was once again fully and utterly blind.

"You know how it goes… one mistake is all it takes…"

Jest's inhuman voice was so deep that it was hard to determine which direction it was coming from. She could still perceive his other four senses, so she could guess in which direction he was moving — but that was hardly enough to survive.

Even her foresight did not guarantee salvation, since the horned fiend was strong and swift enough to be inescapable.

Backing away with a frightened expression on her exquisitely beautiful face, Cassie raised her weapons and prepared to defend herself.

"Too late!"

She felt the air moving as something massive and murderous lunged at her... from the different direction from where the shout had come from a moment earlier.

Cassie stumbled and fell, barely avoiding one of Jest's hands.

But she was not saved…

On the contrary, she was cornered.

It was at that moment, when the terrible creature reached forward to rip her apart, that Cassie deactivated her Supreme charm and poured her essence into the Transcendent Memory meant to augment her Echo, instead.

However, she was not augmenting the Quiet Dancer.

'Got you.'

In the last moment, Jest seemed to notice that instead of looking terrified, Cassie had a subtle smile playing on her soft lips. But with the enemy wounded and defenseless in front of him, he had allowed himself to get consumed by the thrill of the hunt. He had committed to the attack too much, and therefore, failed to react in time.

So, he had no choice but to finish it…

But he never got the chance.

Because just then, a terrifyingly strong tentacle wrapped itself around his neck, squeezing it cruelly.

Jest's momentum was broken, and his claws swiped the air in front of Cassie's neck fruitlessly.

Before he could resist, more tentacles wrapped themselves around his arms and legs, binding him like slippery chains.

'W—what… what the hell…'

If Jest could turn his head, he would have seen that the dark tentacles were stretching from beneath a beautiful red dress covering a delicate, deceptively human figure. Her face was hidden behind a veil, and her silhouette was eerily similar to Song of the Fallen.

It was the Echo of Torment, whom Cassie had hidden in the Hollows in advance.

And Echoes had neither thoughts nor emotions… nothing for Jest to manipulate in order to turn them into his puppets.

His inhuman pupils moved.

Then, augmented by the power of the charm, the Transcendent Echo pushed Jest to his knees. And at the same time, Cassie rose from hers, wiping blood off her face.

Now that he was kneeling and she was standing, their eyes were on the same level.

Looking at Jest, Cassie smiled coldly.

"Did you… say that you were going to rip the head off my shoulders?"

Being strangled by the tentacles, Jest tried to smile.

"That… come on now, lass! That was just an innocent joke… a figure of speech, at best..."

She did not seem to find it funny, though. The cold smile disappeared from her face, replaced by something dark and ruthless.

Cassie took a deep breath.

"...Look me into the eyes and say it again, then."

At that moment, her eyes changed.

Looking at them, Jest reeled back, as if witnessing something that terrified him to the deepest, darkest corners of his bloodstained soul.

But it was already too late.

The was no escape.




***
Chapter 2145: Broken Door


***






As the goat-like abomination's expression grew slack, and its monstrously strong hands fell, Cassie took a deep breath.

She had to, because while Jest was caught in the boundless abyss of her eyes, the battle was not over.

What had to happen next would be a battle, too.

Cassie had broken the mental defenses of Master Orum with relative ease, but Jest was a Saint — one who was no stranger to mental manipulation, at that. So, she was going to have to work hard to extract what she wanted to learn from his memories.

But that was what it all had been about.

That was why she had risked being lured into the depths of the jungle by a sinister killer, endured the difficult fight, and allowed her body to be cut and bruised.

In truth, no matter how fearsome Saint Jest was, it wasn't that hard for her to get rid of him. If Cassie simply wanted to kill him, there were countless ways — the most difficult part about killing him was not the old man himself, really, but the reaction the King of Swords would have to his death.

They were away from the King's watchful gaze here, though…

And yet, Cassie's hands had still been tied. Because she wanted to keep Helie alive and needed to keep Jest alive. That was how she had ended up in a battle against two Saints whom she could not kill.

Of course, subduing someone was much harder than simply killing them. So, she was bruised and in pain, with blood soaking her garments beneath the battered armor.

Still, everything had transpired almost exactly according to her wishes. Saint Jest turned out to be even stronger than she had anticipated, but he had been doomed to lose from the moment he set his sights on Cassie.

It was ironic, really… among the servants of the Great Clan Valor, the old man seemed to be the only one who had seen through her pretense. He had sensed that the quiet, unassuming, and easily forgotten Lady Cassia was much more dangerous than everyone presumed.

And yet, he had still underestimated her.

It was as if her unassuming persona had managed to misguide him even after being seen through and uncovered as a false facade.

In all honesty, Cassie was quite amused by just how far simply being quiet, polite, and modest had gone in making people disregard her as a genuine threat.

Then again, perhaps it was simply the consequence of how hard it was to stand out when monsters like Changing Star and the Lord of Shadows were walking the world. There were Soul Reaper and the Prince of Nothing, too… there were brilliant talents like Morgan, Seishan, Beastmaster, Aether, Effie and Kai, all competing in the grandeur of their feats and accomplishments.

Because of them, people tended to forget that Cassie had survived the Forgotten Shore, too. She had been baptized by the madness of the Kingdom of Hope, too. She had fought in the Battle of the Black Skull, endured the horrors of the Nightmare Desert, and plunged into the deep dark waters of the Great River, too…

She was a monster, too.

It was just that she concealed her monstrous nature better than most, hiding it behind a pretty blindfold.

"Ah… what… what the hell…"

A few meters away, Helie groaned as she grasped her bleeding head. Now that Jest was caught in Cassie's bewitching gaze, his Aspect powers were released, and she had regained her senses.

Turning, Helie looked at the scene in front of her dazedly. The hideous goat-like abomination was kneeling on the ground, looking into the eyes of the breathtakingly beautiful, delicate young woman who stood in front of him, her golden hair moving slightly in the wind.

Behind the kneeling creature… another delicate figure was hovering above the ground, with appalling tentacles stretching from beneath her elaborate red dress to bind him like moist black chains.

As Helie tried to comprehend what she was seeing, the red woman shifted and moved, carried through the air by her long tentacles. That movement was so eerie and inhuman that Helie shuddered.

She shuddered again and reeled back when the red woman came to hover above her, looking down from behind a veil.

Helie felt a strong impulse to crawl away.

"W—what…"

Before she could say anything else, one hand of the red woman rose. Moving with strange elegance, the eerie abomination reached toward its veil… and then, the creature pressed her index finger against where human lips would have been.

As if telling Helie to be quiet.

'...Echo. It's an Echo.'

Calming down, she threw another glance at Song of the Fallen and Jest, then grew silent. Whatever was happening there, Cassia seemed to have it under control… Helie herself, meanwhile, was bleeding profusely and had to tend to her wound.

Cassie could not allow to be distracted anymore.

Having invoked her Transformation — which only affected her eyes — she delved into the vast, hostile ocean of Saint Jest's memories.

He tried to resist her, making it much harder to discern what she was seeing and sensing, but Cassie pressed on, ruthlessly breaching his fearsome mental fortifications one after another.

Because her prey was so resilient, and because his life had been so long and storied, she was burning more essence than usual to maintain the Transformation. They were still in the Hollows, as well — even though there didn't seem to be any immediate threats nearby yet, that could change at any moment.

So, Cassie did not have the luxury of time to sift through Jet's memories slowly and thoroughly. Instead, she had to find the most important ones, the most intense ones… and, hopefully, discover a path to learning the secrets of the Sovereigns through them.

Inhaling deeply, he dove into the life of Jest of Dagonet, the hidden blade and executioner of the Great Clans.

***

"Damn. Shit… what is this crap? Really…"

Jest had come home.

His home, of course, was a concrete barrack where dozens of worker families had lived in pitiful living conditions, struggling to survive under the indifferent authority of the regime. Lives were short and deaths were frequent, so it was not surprising for familiar faces to disappear without a trace, replaced by new ones the next day.

Growing up, he had given up on remembering the names of the numerous Uncles and Aunties who flowed through the barrack, since it seemed like a futile endeavor.

Still…

Now, everyone was dead, which was a bit too much. The interior of the barrack was like a scene from hell, with countless half-devoured corpses littering the floor akin to a morbid carpet. The massacre seemed to have happened many days ago, so the blood had long dried. The smell, however, was overwhelming, making him retch.

"Ah… ah…"

Jest wanted to come inside to search for the remains of his family, but couldn't force himself to.

Instead, he took a few steps back, and somehow found himself sprawled on the ground.

His mind was empty, and there were tears streaming down his face.

'Turns out I still have tears to shed, huh?'

The thought was strangely calm and detached despite his miserable state.

Jest had not cried in a good decade or two. He was an adult now, after all, having turned twenty something not too long ago. He had finally escaped the barrack about a year ago. He had even harbored a vain hope of returning here one day with pockets full of credits, boasting about his accomplishments, and taking the others with him to live a better life someplace else.

Who knew that the world would end so soon?

Now, there were monsters roaming the streets, devouring people and tearing military tanks apart. The regime had collapsed, and he had nowhere to return to.

Jest had passed out when the end of the world started and experienced a long, dreadful nightmare. Waking up a few days later, somehow alive, he decided that there was no point in clinging to his silly dreams anymore and headed home… his real home, the barrack.

Crossing the city had proven to be a deadly ordeal, but he had survived somehow. In the process, he met a few others like him — people who had fallen into deep sleep and woke up wielding unexplainable powers.

But it was a joke. It was all like a vile, terrible joke.

Because his power was pure crap.

All he could do was make emotions stronger. Since the only emotion the monsters felt was a demented desire to rip him to pieces, the only thing Jest could do was make himself die faster.

'Maybe I should. Die faster, I mean…'

Looking at the broken door of the barrack, Jest suddenly felt a dark and oppressive sense of futility.

What was he struggling for, anyway?

The world was ending, and everyone was dead. Why was he clinging to life so desperately when being alive was so painful?

Looking down, he let out a stifled laugh.

"Ah. Ah! But... but..."

But wasn't it funny?

Despite the tears streaming from his eyes, he forced himself to smile.

There was a lesson that people from the barrack learned early on... life was unbearable if one was too serious.

Humans had to have a sense of humor to survive in this crappy world.

The world had turned even crappier now, so…

There was a funny joke in here, somewhere.

He just had to find it.

"I guess you guys don't have to kill yourself at work anymore."

'See?'

There was a bright side to anything.

Jest's tears tasted salty, but he forced himself to laugh.

Rising from the concrete, he decided to try and survive.

Not that it would be easy… nobody had a power as useless as his, after all, so he would undoubtedly die soon.

But he would at least die with a smile on his face while having fun.

…His forced smile still faltered, however, when he eventually entered the barrack and started searching the morbid carpet of corpses.

It took a long while before it returned.




***
Chapter 2146: Heart of the Party


***






"Ah. Finally, fresh air!"

Jest smiled as he looked at the forest where he was going to die. There was little doubt that his life was going to end shortly, gruesomely, and pathetically.

His lips trembled a little.

'No, really… this crap again?'

He had just barely managed to settle down in the actual world, finally finding a safe community that was defended from the monsters by a group of… what was it that people were calling them these days?

Right... Sleepers.

Jest was a Sleeper himself, so he had been welcomed there with open arms. Sadly, he was a defective Sleeper who could not wield Memories and did not have a useful power… he could still handle a rifle and a bayonet, but that alone did not win him a lot of points.

'Damn…'

And speaking of Memories! As it turned out, there were those, as well. Apparently, everyone received at least one in the Nightmare or shortly after. Jest had been clueless about the existence of Memories until he saw other Sleepers summoning deadly weapons out of thin air — it was then that he realized what his so-called Flaw meant.

Being unable to use "enchanted items" had not seemed like a big problem before he learned that enchanted items actually existed. But knowing that they did, Jest could not deny the truth.

He was not just screwed… he was doubly screwed.

Other Sleepers had useful Aspects, and they could also wield Memories — the latter was often even more important than the former. Both allowed them to slay monsters, which he was unable to do.

And that, in turn, allowed them to collect the glimmering crystals from the monsters, absorb them, and grow stronger.

Sleepers needed strength to kill monsters, and they grew stronger by killing monsters… but Jest could not kill monsters because he was weak, and was weak because he could not kill monsters.

If that wasn't hilarious, he did not know what was.

In any case, he was not that useful to the community.

People — even those who had not experienced the Nightmare — quickly started treating him with disdain. After all, he was being fed and protected without contributing much in return. The most he could do was handle various menial tasks inside the base… no different from a worker from the barrack, really.

Which was funny, as well.

Still, they had not kicked him out yet — because of his delightful personality and stellar sense of humor, no doubt. His life had been mostly safe and somewhat comfortable for the last couple of months.

Somewhat.

…Before the winter solstice.

On that cursed day, Jest had been relaxing on his bunk while carefully handling a precious antique — a real paper book that he had found in a museum while hiding there from the monsters.

That book was his lifeline, and despite its fragile state, Jest still poured over the yellow pages whenever he had free time. The festive title on the cover hinted that wisdom from before the Dark Times was contained within…

Hold Your Bellies! A Hundred Hilarious Jokes to Make You the Heart of the Party!

That was what the ancient book was called.

Jest was just about to get to the nicest of the hundred irresistible jokes when he was suddenly overcome by a mighty yawn.

Which wasn't that strange…

If not for the fact that it was the middle of day.

His expression froze, and a trembling smile slowly bloomed on his face.

'No… no!'

The last time he had started yawning all of a sudden, he ended up in the Nightmare.

And here Jest was, mere hours later, in the alien world again.

Granted, this time felt different. The weird voice he sometimes heard in his head these days had welcomed him with new words, as well.

Plus, he was naked.

'What the hell is this…'

He had been clothed the last time, at least!

Shivering in the cold, Jest shielded his gaunt, bruised body from the wind and looked at the twisted trees that surrounded him with trepidation. There was nothing but these trees anywhere he looked, and sunlight barely pierced the thick canopy above…

There were almost no sounds here except for the ominous rustle of leaves and the sinister creaking of branches. The eerie silence was making him nervous.

Jest bit his lip and whispered:

"No weapons… no clothes… in the middle of the woods…"

After a while, he added in a trembling voice:

"Something something, naked guy… wood?"

A stifled laugh escaped from between his lips.

Picking up a rock from the ground, Jest shivered and started walking.

…It wasn't too long before he found another human.

A young man, not much different from him, was laying with his back against the tree… or so it seemed, at first. However, as Jest came closer, he was terrified to discover that the guy's body was actually embedded into the craggy trunk, as if being devoured by it. Crimson blood was flowing onto the dark bark, which drank it greedily.

A thick root was wrapped around the guy's waist, and thin branches were sprouting from his body, blooming with vermilion flowers.

The young man was already mostly dead… and yet, he was still alive and in pain.

Jest only realized that when their eyes met, and the other youth opened his mouth, straining to speak.

"Help… me…"

Jest reeled back.

He wanted nothing more than to turn around and run away, but something stopped him.

Perhaps it was compassion. Perhaps it was envy at the sight of the bloodied suit of leather armor that the young man was wearing.

In any case, Jest gritted his teeth.

"...Alright, buddy. Alright, I'll help you. Leave it to me."

Trembling, he took a step forward…

Then strained his muscles and brought down the sharp stone on the young man's head.

That was the only thing he could do for the poor fellow.

It took several blows before the light finally dimmed in the poor guy's eyes, and Jest staggered back in horror.

The leather armor he had wanted to steal disappeared into a rain of sparks.

And the roots of the tree moved, stretching in his direction.

Panicking, Jest turned around and ran…

And while he ran, the voice living in his head spoke once again.

[You have slain Dreamer…]

At the same time, Jest felt something strange.

It was as if something flowed into him, and responding to its presence, his body changed subtly.

Growing stronger, more agile, and harder to destroy.

His eyes glistened as he ran.

'So… there was another way to grow stronger, too.'

It was not just killing monsters.

Killing humans worked fine, as well.

He did not really know how to feel about that.

'...Ain't it the funniest thing, though?'




***
Chapter 2147: Fateful Meeting


***






Two days later, Jest emerged from the forest. He had expected to die… and yet, he was still alive, if just barely.

His body was covered in bruises and dried blood, and he was holding a makeshift spear in a trembling hand. The spear was made from a long branch, a sharp splinter of stone, and rope made from bark.

He was also wearing something akin to a poncho, made from beast hide and tied at the waist by another piece of rope. Of course, Jest had no idea whatsoever how to skin a beast, let alone how to treat leather or sew clothes… so, the poncho was quite disgusting to look at, and even more repugnant to smell.

He couldn't care less, though, since the entire damn forest was one terrifying living being, hellbent on consuming him whole.

"Damn… damn…"

Jest was running for his life. He had somehow managed to kill a beast, true, but there were more than one monster in this cursed land. Currently, one was pursuing him… and quite a terrifying one, at that.

He had been just running away blindly when the forest suddenly grew brighter, and then the trees disappeared altogether.

Instead… there was a river in front of him, flowing steadily as its surface glistened in the sun.

The sight of it was so beautiful and alien — where would anyone find a clean river surrounded by a forest in the real world? — that Jest froze for a moment, then shouted in anger.

The damn river!

Who cared if it was pretty?!

The only thing that mattered was that it stood in his way, and therefore, there was nowhere left for him to run.

Jest, of course, had no idea how to swim. Since there were no rivers, no lakes, and no ponds accessible for the workers of the regime — except for the toxic ones — he had never encountered a body of water larger than a bathtub.

Even then, a bathtub was a luxury that people like him rarely saw. Most were only familiar with communal showers.

"Damn!"

Groaning, Jest grasped his pathetic spear and forced his tired body to move.

He ran along the bank of the river, forcing air into his burning lungs.

But it was all futile.

He could already hear a terrifying growling coming from behind him, and the sound of something heavy moving through the grass.

'Not… not… not like this! There's no punchline, damn it!'

His life had been a joke, but if he was going to die, he at least hoped that it would be a good one.

Jest considered turning around and trying to fight, but at that moment, he tripped and fell into the dirt, rolling a few times before coming to a halt, sprawled in the dirt.

His sorry excuse of a spear had broken. The sturdy branch was intact, but the binding of the spearhead had come undone, and the sharp piece of rock flew away.

There were bitter tears in his eyes, and through them…

He saw a terrible, blurry beast lunging at him with hungry madness burning in its eyes.

Death was coming.

Just then, though, a shadow momentarily covered Jest's face, and a steel javelin suddenly plummeted from the sky, piercing the beast's forehead and impaling it. The massive creature's jaw hit the ground, and it crumbled, rolling over its head and crashing heavily mere centimeters away from Jest.

He stared at the dead beast silently, then studied the javelin.

Then, after a while, he looked up.

There was someone standing above him, having appeared seemingly out of nowhere.

It was a tall young man with handsome features, dark hair, and steely grey eyes. His face was perfectly clean, and he was wearing a polished suit of knightly armor that seemed as impenetrable as a tank.

In other words, he was the perfect opposite of the dirty, gaunt, and barely clothed Jest.

The young knight looked down and gave him a charismatic smile.

"You were smart not to jump into the river to escape the beast, friend."

Jest blinked a couple of times.

Then, he said weakly:

"River. I… I h—hardly knew her?"

The knightly young man looked at him strangely, giving Jest the impression that he had no sense of humor.

Well, no one was perfect.

His savior, meanwhile, offered him a hand.

"What I meant was that there are even worse kinds of creatures under the water."

Jest accepted the offered hand and slowly stood up.

It was then that it struck him…

The valiant stranger was speaking in the language of the real world.

Not in the strange and archaic language that the people in the Nightmare had spoken, yet Jest could still somehow understand.

Come to think of it, the poor guy whom Jest helped avoid being digested alive by a tree had spoken in the real language, as well.

Jest stared at the young man with wide eyes.

"Wait… are you real?"

The young knight nodded.

"Quite real, yes. It seems that this situation is different from the Nightmare. Actually, there is an entire group of Sleepers here, in this monstrous forest. We were all sent here together."

He remained silent for a moment, then smiled.

"All people of great courage and valor, no doubt."

Jest stared at him with wide eyes.

"...Valor? Who cares about valor?! Do you have food and water? That is what I want to know?"

The young knight laughed.

"Yes, we do."

Then, he stepped on the head of the dead monster to pull his javelin out.

"We should harvest the soul shard and leave this place as quickly as possible, though… otherwise, our own valor will be tested when more monsters arrive at the smell of blood. I have little of it, so we'd better not linger."

Jest remained silent, trying to come up with a suitable joke.

For some reason, he really wanted to mock the unbearably serious young knight.

Who knew that their chance encounter would set the course of his entire life?

Because the young knight, despite claiming not to be too valiant, was destined to become Warden of Valor.

While Jest… was destined to become his sharpest blade.




***
Chapter 2148: The Knight and the Fool


***






"You are completely crazy. Insane. Psycho. A raving lunatic… a madman!"

Jest was muttering curses as he stood on the shore of a beautiful lake, while the young knight just listened nonchalantly. Behind them, a few dozen bloodied, terrified Sleepers were busy toppling the trees.

The young knight was still clean and handsome, even if his polished armor had a dozen dents by now. He had fought and killed more monsters than anyone else, but still managed to look valiant and unperturbed despite that.

The past few days had not been kind to them.

Initially, there had indeed been a large group of Sleepers who banded together after finding themselves in the dreadful forest — almost a hundred of them, with new survivors joining every day. A considerable force even during the end of times… or so they had thought.

The Sleepers had established a camp on the shore of the river — far enough from the trees to have time to react when the forest monsters attacked, but also far enough from the water to defend themselves against the aquatic abominations. They worked together to survive, unsure where they were and what the future held.

However, Jest had become a pariah once again… and that was despite his positive attitude and disarming sense of humor. Strength was the only virtue in the world that had gone insane, and he had none.

Worse than that, he reeked. Everyone seemed to have some kind of Memory, be it armor or enchanted garments, to cover themselves… but he only had his crudely made poncho. So, people tended to avoid him.

Because of the smell. Not because of the jokes, of course.

Everyone except for the infuriating knight, that was.

Jest had even asked him about it.

"Listen, dimples… how come you keep bothering me? My Aspect is useless, you know. I also don't have any Memories."

But the knight only chuckled.

"Exactly."

He glanced at the rest of the Sleepers.

"Everyone here has fought hard to survive. During the Nightmare, after the Nightmare, and here as well… while having powerful Aspects and deadly Memories. But wouldn't a person who has neither have fought the hardest?"

The knight shook his head.

"Don't take me for a fool. I am not talking to you because I am gracious and kind. I am talking to you because I think you are strong, and I need strong comrades to survive."

Jest shook his head in amazement.

"Wow. Who would have thought? There's actually brains in that handsome head..."

The young knight raised an eyebrow.

"Thank you? But also, was that ever in doubt?"

Jest shrugged.

"Ah, don't take it personally! It's just that you are so calm and upbeat all the time that I thought there's a screw or two… or a dozen… loose in your head."

The knight looked at him strangely, then shook his head in amusement.

"No, but… of all people…"

Jest did not quite catch the meaning.

In any case, that was how they ended up as comrades.

By now, Jest wasn't wearing a filthy poncho anymore. The knight had a strange Aspect that allowed him to craft all kinds of things, so he had fashioned a set of clothes for Jest, as well as a proper wooden spear, a bow, and a quiver of arrows.

Being able to summon magical flames or possessing tremendous strength seemed like the kind of Aspects people would want to have, but that ability to craft things had actually earned the young knight more respect and reputation than his armor, his sword, and his uncanny ability to kill monsters.

Although Sleepers possessed Memories, few had many of them. So, everyone needed something to make up for the equipment they had left in the real world.

That was how the knight had become one of the leaders of the group, and Jest was catapulted to the very height of social hierarchy as his friend.

Holding onto a golden thigh was a pleasant way to live.

Not that everything went well for him and the other Sleepers.

The forest was immeasurably dangerous, and the river was as well. Many of them had died while fighting the monsters…

But actually, the humans were just as dangerous themselves.

The same thing that was happening in the real world continued to happen here. Out there… people were scared, traumatized, hopeless, and unable to recognize the world that had changed in an instant. Naturally, many strange ideas were sprouting from the rich soul of fear and despair.

There were cruel warlords, roving gangs of marauders who had lost all remains of humanity, broken fragments of local governments that were slowly descending into appalling lunacies, and weird cults that were perhaps the most sinister, eerie, and harmful of them all.

Here as well… not all of the Sleepers were quite sane, and even less were entirely benevolent.

So, eventually, there was a bit of bloodshed, and the group broke apart.

Most of them had decided to try their luck by following the river downstream, while the knight and his followers decided to travel upstream, instead.

Toward the lake…

And an enormous castle that towered above it like a beautiful mirage, there in the distance.

The young knight was currently standing on the shore of the lake, armed with a sword and a shield. He looked quite valiant in his knightly armor, but Jest was in no mood to appreciate the heroic ambience.

Because the rest of the men and women in their group were toppling trees to build rafts.

"Listen, you… you know that there are dreadful abominations living in the lake, right?"

The knight nodded.

"Right."

Jest took a deep breath.

"And although we don't know what exactly lives in the castle, we all saw the dragon breathing fire from the roof of the main keep. Right?"

Their intrepid leader nodded again.

"That thing did look like a dragon, true."

Jest exhaled through gritted teeth.

"So why are we going to the castle?! Even the crazy fools who went downstream agreed that going to the castle is suicide!"

The young knight looked at him with a smile.

"You know, I always wanted to kill a dragon."

Jest blinked.

"...Really?"

The knight laughed.

"Heavens, no! Despite what you think, I'm not crazy. Who in their right mind wants to fight a dragon? An actual dragon. Those things are unscientific, they aren't even supposed to exist… weren't supposed to exist, at least."

Jest shook his head in bewilderment.

"So why then?"

The young knight remained silent for a while.

Then, he looked at the castle again, his expression finally turning somber.

"Because I left my pregnant wife alone in the real world. There was a way back the last time… so, there has to be a way back this time, as well. The castle is the only man-made structure we've seen so far. Plus, it's rather conspicuous. So, I am going to conquer it and return home, even if I have to kill a dragon."

Jest stared at him with a mix of envy and admiration for a few moments.

It had to be nice… to still have a home, and someone waiting for you to return there.

Eventually, he sighed deeply.

"Well, alright. Let's kill a dragon."

The young knight glanced at him.

"What, no joke this time?"

Jest gritted his teeth.

"Bastard! This entire situation is a joke! Is this not fun enough for you?!"

The knight looked away with a wistful expression.

"To be honest, I don't really have a sense of humor. I've never been good at having fun. So, Jest… I'll delegate that part to you."

Just stared at him with wide eyes.

Huh?

'I didn't volunteer, though? What am I, a clown? No, but what is this bastard even saying?!'

The next morning, they sailed across the lake toward the castle.




***
Chapter 2149: Red Dragon


***






The lake had turned out to be utterly deadly. Even after preparing thoroughly for the battle against the terrifying creatures that dwelled in it, the Sleepers led by the young knight still ended up losing one of the rafts — they managed to pull a couple of people out of the water, but the rest were pulled into the depths, never to be seen again.

The clear water was painted red with blood.

The rest of the rafts only survived because they were crafted from the unnaturally sturdy wood of the cursed forest with the help of their leader's Aspect. Otherwise, there would have been only drifting splinters left on the surface, with all traces of the Sleepers washed away by the clear water.

Even then, the journey had not been easy for those who survived. By the time they reached the walls of the castle, each and every one of the Sleepers was bloodied, barely conscious because of exhaustion, and numb from terror.

Except for the knight, of course. He was bloodied and tired, too… but his calm confidence had never waned.

By then, Jest was starting to suspect that his new buddy was the craziest one of them all.

Or maybe simply the most driven.

The castle, meanwhile, was huge. It was many times larger than they had assumed, to the point that one would feel vertigo when trying to look up the immense expanse of the towering ramparts. There was more than one layer of walls, as well, rising in concentric circles up the slope of the mountain.

The castle was like a city in and of itself.

The Sleepers were currently at the lowest point of that stone city, while the main keep was at the highest, built upon the very peak.

That was where the dragon had made its nest.

The dragon wasn't the only monster inhabiting the gargantuan fortress, either.

They learned it immediately after approaching the towering gateway. For the next few days, the Sleepers had slowly made progress toward the main keep, enduring one harrowing battle after another.

The monsters they faced were different from the ones of the forest — not all of them were beasts, some wearing armor and wielding steel weapons with chilling skill.

And the higher they climbed, the more powerful the monsters became. Still, the young knight led them from one structure to another, from one bastion to the next, carving a path to the main keep. They fought when there was no other choice and hid when they could, bandaging their wounds and absorbing the power from the soul shards they had scavenged.

It was quite amazing, really. Jest would have never expected that they would get that far… but the disorganized group of Sleepers had somehow turned into a stalwart and cohesive combat force somewhere along the way. They all moved with purposeful determination, acting as one enormous being that possessed a hundred eyes and a hundred hands, its resilient body brimming with sharp weapons.

Was it experience? Was it survival instinct? Was it the benefit of having a daring and indomitable leader? He did not know, but whatever it was, it seemed to be working.

Except for the times when the moon was high in the night sky.

There was always something eerie about the ancient castle, but its chilling, mysterious presence grew so much more sinister and palpable in the moonlight. That was why even the young knight did not dare to leave their shelters when the moon was shining upon the beautiful lake.

…Just like that, they fought and sneaked their way to the last and highest circle of walls. Beyond them, only the main keep remained.

Everyone was tired. No one knew what would happen to them, and everyone felt grim about the future.

But, strangely enough, they also felt hopeful.

They remained in one of the towers of the last rampart for a few days, observing the main keep and gathering strength… and courage… for the last push.

In the morning, the young knight and Jest snuck to the top of the wall to take a peek at the keep.

The great winged beast was sleeping on its roof, its vermilion scales glistening in the light of the rising sun. Thin plumes of smoke rose from its maw from time to time, only to be scattered by the wind moments later. Despite the distance separating them from the dragon, they could feel the deep reverberations of its steady breaths.

The creature spent most of the time asleep, only waking up once every week or so to fly over the lake and burn the forest. No one knew why it was doing that, and it almost seemed as if the dragon was simply unleashing its accumulated fury.

It would fly above the forest for a while, roaring in anger and sending great jets of incinerating flame barreling down. After a while, when large swaths of the forest became shrouded by acrid smoke, it would plummet into the billowing black veil of it and disappear from view.

Some time later, the dragon would return, sometimes carrying the charred carcasses of enormous, abominable beasts in its maw.

The sight of it was both majestic and terrifying. The scales of the red dragon had a metallic sheen to them, almost making it seem like the great beast was forged from vermilion steel. Surrounded by black smoke, the dragon was like a herald of hell, bringing hellfire wherever it went.

And that…

That was the thing their leader wanted to kill.

Jest glanced at the young knight darkly.

"...What are you thinking about in that handsome head of yours?"

The knight's steely grey eyes were focused on the sleeping dragon.

After a while, he spoke:

"We watched the beast fly over the lake yesterday, did we not? And seven days before that, when we were preparing the rafts."

Jest nodded.

"What of it?"

The knight remained silent for a while.

"Have you noticed, Jest? When the dragon was flying across the lake, there was something missing. I wondered what it was for the longest time."

Jest frowned.

"Your sanity is missing. What else is new?"

The knight smiled, then leaned his back on the wall and raised his sword carefully, extending its blade beyond the entrance of the tower. Jest could see the keep reflecting in its polished blade.

"Do you see it now?"

Jest blinked.

'Huh.'

Something was indeed missing.




***
Chapter 2150: A Place to Call Home


***






He hesitated for a few moments.

The sword was not exactly a mirror, and its blade wasn't truly flat either. So, the reflection was somewhat distorted — and yet, he could discern the shapes of things.

There was the parapet of the rampart, the beautiful edifice of the main keep, its roof and towers, tattered flags hanging limp in the absence of wind. There was also the lilac sky behind the keep, and the clouds drifting in its vast expanse like pieces of a torn shroud.

However, there was one thing missing.

The great mass of the sleeping dragon was not reflected in the sword.

Jest rubbed his eyes, then carefully leaned through the doorway to look at the roof of the main keep with his own two eyes.

The damn dragon was there, sleeping soundly. It was hard not to notice its vivid vermilion silhouette contoured against white stone.

'What the hell?'

He retreated back into the tower.

"Where's the damn dragon?"

The young knight nodded.

"Indeed. I noticed it yesterday… the dragon did not reflect in the lake while flying over it. Strange, isn't it?"

Jest rubbed the back of his head, the shrugged.

"Well, yeah. It is strange. But what does it mean?"

The knight smiled.

"Who knows? I do have a theory, though."

His smile dimmed slowly, replaced by a serious expression.

"You see, Jest… I don't think that this dragon is even real."

He paused for a moment, then added in a wondering tone:

"Maybe it's an illusion… or a phantom. Maybe it's merely a lingering reflection, and the real dragon is long gone…"

Cassie was quite curious to see how Warden of Valor and his first group of followers had conquered Bastion, and what they found inside. After all, it was not just a Citadel left behind by one of the daemons… somewhere along the way, the young knight had also discovered a Lineage Memory and inherited the bloodline of War God.

Perhaps he had received that Memory for slaying the reflection of the vermilion dragon, even, or discovered it in the throne room of Bastion…

But no matter how curious she was, she could not allow herself to get distracted — she had already spent too much time exploring the dawn of the Nightmare Spell era. Jest was resisting her Aspect fiercely, and her essence was draining at appalling speed.

In fact…

Even though the old man was supposed to be completely mesmerized by her gaze, she suddenly sensed one of his fingers twitching, almost as if the abomination was struggling to regain control over its hands.

So, Cassie had to abandon the vivid memory and reach for the next one, hoping that it would bring her closer to the secrets of the Sovereigns.

She saw…

Jest was an Awakened now. His gaunt figure had turned lean and strong, and his gaze was more confident. That said… he had only been an Awakened for a few weeks.

He was standing on the wall, armed with an actual steel spear — something he had picked up from one of the abominations they had slain on the way to the main keep.

Hardship had not ended after the dying dragon fell into the lake. They had found the Gateway and were able to wake up, true, growing vastly more powerful in the process… but the castle was still teeming with monsters, and so was the lake. Their damned leader was not satisfied with simply hiding in the keep, either, and insisted on organizing rescue parties to search for more Sleepers in the forest.

That was just how that guy was, and people tended to follow his example.

So, Jest was forced to fight for survival when he was awake, and then fight even more when he slept. Life was miserable.

At least his Awakened Ability was not as useless as his Dormant one — as long as he had a partner to make use of it. Being professional bait… what a fate!

Jest scoffed.

Just as he did, there was the sound of footsteps, and a familiar figure appeared on the wall beside him. The polished armor was the same, but now, the knightly young man was wearing a vermilion cloak — a Memory he had received after slaying the illusion of the dragon.

He was smiling.

Jest sighed and shook his head.

"Hey there… what are we supposed to call you again? Warden?"

The young knight chuckled.

"Don't be jealous, Jest… I'm sure you'll earn a cool True Name too, one day soon."

'Oh, don't doubt it!'

Warden of Valor was really too cheesy of a name, anyway. Jest would surely receive one that was ten times more impressive.

He hesitated for a while, then asked:

"So, how is your wife? Everything is fine, I hope?"

Warden nodded happily.

"It's a healthy baby boy. We named him Madoc. Oh…"

He looked at Jest with interest.

"But don't I need to congratulate you, too? Honestly, it's unbelievable. A guy like you… with a girl like that… everyone is stunned!"

Jest suddenly coughed.

"Well, that… it's not like I'm holding her hostage, okay? She was just impressed when I pulled her out of the flames, back when we were fighting that damn lizard. And, well, you know what they say. The best way to get a girl is to make her laugh!"

Warden nodded thoughtfully.

"Exactly, so how did you get her?"

Jest frowned.

"Go to hell, bastard."

The young knight smiled.

"When are you planning to make it official? My son will need playmates, you know…"

Jest coughed again.

"Listen, it's not like I don't want to. But we are in different cities in the real world. You and I ended up in NQSC, but she's from up north."

It was already lucky that the two of them were in the same Quadrant.

After explaining the logistical problems Awakened couples faced, Jest sighed.

"I'm thinking of going to get her soon."

Warden's expression was somber, though.

Jest frowned.

"What?"

His friend and benefactor shook his head.

"No, it's just that… I heard bad things about that city."

Jest raised an eyebrow.

"Oh?"

Warden hesitated for a while, then leaned on the parapet of the rampart. His expression changed subtly, losing its usual veneer of confidence. Instead, what Jest saw was… weariness. And fear.

"People… people can be as terrible as monsters, you know."

Jest laughed.

Did he know it?

There were very few people in the world who knew it better than him.

"That is where you are wrong, Warden. People are not as terrible as monsters… people are monsters. Some of them, at least."

He remained silent for a few moments, and then added in a cold tone:

"But haven't we gotten pretty good at killing monsters, though?"




***
Chapter 2151: Obvious Solution


***






Warden remained silent for a while, looking at the sprawling expanse of the castle, the beautiful lake beyond, and the dark palisade of twisted trees in the distance.

The castle was still teeming with abominations, the depths of the lake hid horrors beyond description, and the forest itself was one enormous, slumbering monster… now that the vermilion dragon was gone, there was nothing left to keep that monster in check, and it would probably come to life soon.

And yet, Jest had never seen the young knight, Warden of Valor, look troubled while braving the perils of this nightmarish land.

He looked quite troubled now, though, while thinking about the real world.

Eventually, Warden sighed.

"Now that I have a son, I can't help but think about the future. Both the distant future and the immediate future… all I can see ahead is trouble."

Jest raised his eyebrows and chuckled.

"Check your eyesight, maybe?"

Warden shook his head.

"The distant future is too hard to predict, because the nature of how we live our lives has fundamentally changed. I am not talking about the Nightmare Spell and the Nightmare Creatures — I am talking about ourselves. About humans. Human lives have always been shaped by those in power, and therefore, established power structures had remained more or less the same for thousands of years. But now, all those structures have become meaningless." 

The young knight raised a hand and made a fist.

"That is because there seems to be no limit to personal power anymore. We were mundane people not too long ago, but now we are Awakened who possess superhuman strength and mystical abilities. It is reasonable to assume that there are higher rungs on this ladder — there are Fallen monsters, after all, and Ascended Memories. So, someone will find a way to grow even more powerful sooner or later, and then even more powerful after that."

He paused for a moment and looked at Jest somberly.

"The framework of humanity is built upon the principle that an individual can't defeat an army, though. It's the fundamental principle… remove it, and the whole structure will collapse. We, Awakened, are already so tough that killing us with conventional weapons is a tall task. What about Ascended? What about those who will one day transcend even that theoretical frontier?"

Warden shook his head with a wary expression on his face.

"The nature of power itself will change. So, the shape of our lives will be changed, as well… for better or worse."

Jest blinked a few times and stared at the young knight for a few moments. Then, he raised a hand and pointed an accusing finger at him.

"You're… you're from a rich family, aren't you?! Damn! That explains so much!"

Warden tilted his head in confusion.

"That… is not a reaction I expected."

Jest let out a laugh.

"Listen, all these profound contemplations of yours are a dead giveaway. Only spoiled brats from bureaucrat families have enough time to waste it on learning fancy words and studying philosophy. The rest of us are too busy making a living, and a miserable one at that!"

Warden blinked.

"That's not philosophy, though? That's mainly history and a bit of sociology. A smidgen of anthropology, at best."

Jest pointed again.

"See! Fancy words!"

The young knight coughed and looked away with a hint of embarrassment.

"...My parents were engineers, to be precise. Not bureaucrats."

Jest grinned.

Military engineers were also elites. And although Warden did not say that his parents had belonged to the army, there was no doubt that they had — after all, everyone worth anything used to be conscripted, back when the regime still existed.

Before the Nightmare Spell.

"Anyway, that's what you are afraid of? That your son will grow up in a world ruled by a handful of tyrants who can annihilate armies single-handedly?"

Warden grimaced.

"It's a gross oversimplification, but basically… yes."

Jest laughed.

"What's the problem, then? Isn't there an obvious solution?"

The young knight raised an eyebrow.

"There is?"

Jest nodded, then shrugged with a confused expression.

"Well, of course. You just have to make sure to become one of those omnipotent tyrants yourself."

He himself would undoubtedly die an untimely death by harboring such ambitions… but if it was Warden, then it could actually be possible. If anyone was capable of gaining great power in this dreadful new world, then it was their intrepid leader. After all, the guy was already ostensibly ruling the castle and had a large group of powerful Awakened following him.

Warden studied Jest for a few moments, then smiled strangely.

"Become one of the rulers myself? Well. Maybe you are right. Maybe it is that simple."

His smile slowly turned wistful.

"But that only concerns the distant future. The immediate future is much more troubling, really."

Jest simply stared at him sullenly.

"What are you so worried about? We'll gain full control of the castle within a year. We'll have a safe space to spend the nights and enough food to fill our bellies. We are also Awakened now, so surviving in the real world has become much easier… even though the monsters are also growing stronger, it seems. So what has gotten you so worried?"

Warden remained silent for a while, then frowned.

"It actually has to do with our previous conversation. People… I am worried about people."

His expression darkened.

"Now that every remaining government and coalition in the world have collapsed, there is little order left anywhere anymore. People are just banding together to survive… naturally, they can't survive without the Awakened. Only Awakaned can effectively battle the monsters, so they have great value. There are remnants of previous authorities employing Awakened to fight for them, but they won't be able to control their own soldiers for long. In the end, the power will concentrate in the hands of people like us — and not everyone will use it fairly."

Jest scowled.

"So what? What does it have to do with us? You're not feeling responsible for the whole world, are you? Because, let me tell you something, Mr. Warden… you're not a god. Despite those magical powers of yours, you're still a person."

Warden sighed.

After a few moments of silence, he said:

"I am a part of the world too, am I not? Indeed, I am a person. My wife and son are people, too. People need food, shelter, and clean drinking water. They need air to breathe. You know how fractured NQSC is at the moment… there are so many factions and smaller communities that I can't even count them all. It has been less than a year since the Nightmare Spell descended, so things are still somewhat stable. But…"

He frowned.

"Who is going to repair the city barriers when they break down? Who is going to maintain the hydroponic farms? Who is going to distribute the food and make sure that people don't starve? For now, the infrastructure of the city is being controlled by a few factions that splintered from the regime when it broke apart. A few key points are being held hostage by Awakened warlords. Things are only going to get worse in the future, and that is just NQSC. It is in a far better state than the other cities."

Jest smiled.

"Aren't you overlooking something, though? Indeed, we are Awakened! You personally have the power to craft incredible items. There are others with the power to make plants grow faster, or summon stuff from thin air. The city barriers and farms have been maintained by the regime, but now that there are people like us walking around, making miracles happen… who's to say that things aren't going to improve, instead?"

His smile widened.

"Maybe your son will live ten times better than we ever did. My life has already improved, in fact. I have an entire room of my own… it even has an attached bathroom! And I haven't been hungry in weeks. That is also what the future holds, too."

Jest sighed.

"Now, if only I could fetch my girlfriend from that pit up north… life would be perfect."

Warden looked at him silently for a while, thinking about something.

Eventually, he shook his head.

"No way, have you been an optimist this whole time?"

Jest scratched the back of his head.

"Have my sunny personality and amazing sense of humor not relayed that? Anyway, I do understand your concerns. There are crazy people everywhere, and many of them have Awakened, as well. There are already horror stories being told about the guy who controls the train tracks. The factions formed by the former members of the secret police is… very creepy, too. And those fanatics going around trying to convert people, they're the creepiest! Honestly, what we need to do is gather the guys that reside in the castle out there in the real world, as well, and form a faction of our own. Better safe than sorry."

Warden remained silent for a while, then smiled.

"...You're just saying that because you want my help in retrieving your girlfriend, right?"

Jest grinned.

"She's from the castle too, is she not? More than that, her Aspect is quite useful… unlike mine. If you want to become one of the omnipotent tyrants of the distant future, you'll need people like her."

Warden lingered for a while.

Eventually, he shrugged.

"Well, why not? Let's gather a team of reliable people and go on a trip to the north. We can invite more of our fellow Awakened who reside there to join us in NQSC, as well. I'm not sure what shape the future will take, but if we want to even have a say in what happens to us, we need to consolidate our powerbase first… building a reliable foundation is the most important step, after all. And if we want to build a bastion of safety for us and our families, we will need a truly robust foundation."

Jest grinned, prompting Warden to look at him with suspicion.

"...What?"

Jest shook his head.

"No, no… it's nothing. It's just that, speaking of robust foundations… uh… wait, I almost have it!"

There was definitely a joke in there!

Warden took a deep breath and turned away.

"Right. I'll be going then… let's meet in the real world, when we wake up."

The goal of their trip to the north was quite simple — to gather a few of the Awakened following Warden from there and bring them all to NQSC.

However, many things changed as a result of that journey, and both of them were changed, as well.




***
Chapter 2152: Esteemed Temporary Governor


***






A month later, a weary group of Awakened stood on a hill in the desolate wasteland, looking at the sprawling ruins below. The world seemed entirely black and white, with charred frames of ancient buildings rising from the snow. Cold wind was trying to get into the gaps of their armor, and neither the warm coats nor the mittens they wore on top of the gloves could stop it.

This land seemed dead, with no trace of life left anywhere on its poisoned surface.

Of course… it was not the Dream Realm. Instead, it was the real world. The charred ruins were simply one of the countless human cities that had been destroyed during the Dark Times, and the soil was contaminated by dreadful weapons borne of human mind, not some eerie curse.

The air was toxic, as well, which was why they were wearing military gas masks and carrying oxygen tanks on their backs — Awakened were more tenacious than mundane people, but braving the wild reaches of Earth unprotected was still a deadly task for them.

The long journey had been a rough experience even for Warden and his people. There were very few Nightmare Creatures out here, but the land itself presented an obstacle. With the collapse of the regime, as well as other powers that had ruled the remaining human enclaves in this part of the world, whatever logistics and transportation systems that had existed before were now in complete disarray.

Warden and his warriors had intended to travel by train, but the tracks were broken just a few hundred kilometers away from NQSC. So, they purchased an off-road cargo vehicle from a group of former soldiers and drove it further north.

The vehicle had not been very comfortable, but at least it worked. Sadly, its engine was torn to shreds by the claws of a random Nightmare Creature about a week ago, and they had to cover the rest of the distance on foot.

…Overall, Jest couldn't quite decide which of the worlds was more inhospitable. He did enjoy returning to the castle when it was his turn to sleep, though — it was warm there, at least.

In any case, they had reached their destination now.

There was a human settlement in front of them.

It was much smaller than NQSC, of course, with a population that barely reached a few dozen millions of people. More than that, it had not been turned into a fearsome siege capital during the Dark Times, so its defenses and infrastructure were far inferior.

There were no tall barriers surrounding the city like an impenetrable ring, serving both as defensive fortifications and a sophisticated air filtration system. Instead, there were several domed areas hidden deep within the charred ruins — the original city had been much more sprawling than the one that emerged from its corpse, despite having housed far fewer people.

Pulling his gas mask up, Warden inhaled the cold air, grimaced, and then put it back on.

"Let's get inside as quickly as we can. Be careful — there will be many abominations in the ruins. Jest, get the map."

Since several of the Awakened in the castle were from this forlorn city, they had given them a lot of information about the situation inside.

The situation… was not good. After the descent of the Nightmare Spell, the domed areas became largely isolated from each other, and each was now in the hands of its own self-proclaimed ruler. Some of those rulers were good, some were bad, and some were worse.

So, Warden added:

"Be even more careful when we encounter people. There are thousands of Awakened in the city, and even if we are more powerful and better prepared, we can't fight them all."

The others nodded somberly.

Soon, they descended from the hill and entered the ruins.

They had to battle a few Nightmare Creatures, and even an entire swarm of terrible beasts, on the way to the nearest dome. However, Warden's followers were all experienced and deadly warriors by now. They carved a path through the ruins without losing a single man, and eventually found themselves among humans once more.

Life in the dome they entered seemed… strangely more orderly than what had been happening in NQSC in the last year.

Everyone moved with purpose and determination, busy at work. Granted, people seemed tired and malnourished, most of them wearing bleak expressions — however, no one cowered in fear of Nightmare Creatures, since there were teams of Awakened constantly patrolling the streets.

Warden looked around with a guarded, but subtly surprised expression.

They were met by an Awakened officer of the local garrison and treated in a friendly manner. He was quite happy to meet them, it seemed — a group of powerful Awakened warriors was most welcome to enter the city, since their strength could only help the situation.

"All of us Awakened are comrades. We were called upon to carry out a solemn duty."

Warden and Jest glanced at each other, feeling a little troubled.

After arranging their accommodations, the officer escorted them to a dinner with the person ruling the dome, who seemed to be called the Esteemed Temporary Governor.

The dinner was nothing short of lavish, and the Governor — an Awakened with clean features and a dashing smile — was both polite and friendly. He inquired about the situation in NQSC with curiosity, explaining how things were handled here in comparison.

At some point, an old man in a servant livery arrived to pour more wine into their glasses. Jest was so amazed at the strange opulence of the Governor's residence that when the servant's hand trembled, and a few drops of wine fell on the white tablecloth, he did not even notice.

But the gracious host of the dinner did.

The old man shuddered.

The Governor looked at him with a smile, then shifted his gaze to one of the Awakened warriors guarding the room and waved a hand slightly.

Before anyone could react, the guard forcefully grabbed the old man and dragged him out of the room.

The Governor sighed apologetically.

"Please forgive the unsightly display, Lord Warden. You know how it is… it's difficult to train cattle, is it not?"




***
Chapter 2153: A Cleaner World


***






After the dinner with the Esteemed Temporary Governor, the dome did not seem orderly and neat to Jest anymore.

Instead, it looked morbid and revolting.

Back there in the opulent room, the amicable tyrant had eagerly explained his unhinged views to the members of Warden's team… rather, he had complained about his hardships to fellow Awakened, not even bothering to check if they shared his delusion.

As if it was a matter of course.

What the Esteemed Temporary Governor believed… in short, it was that only Awakened were real people, and therefore deserved to be treated as such.

With the descent of the Nightmare Spell, humanity was separated into two distinct groups — those who had been chosen by the Spell, and those whom it ignored.

The first group was stronger, faster, and more resilient. Awakened possessed mystical powers, and were given deadly trials to prove their worth. Naturally, it was only to be expected that they would play a greater role in society going forward, and would earn greater privileges as a result.

However, the damn maniac had taken it to a whole other level. He seemed to consider being chosen by the Spell as the will of Heaven, anointing the Awakened as true inheritors of Earth.

Awakened were holy… and therefore, those not chosen by the Spell were wicked. They were mere beasts who walked through their lives asleep, unable of real emotions or rational thought, clumsily imitating human behavior. It was only right to treat them as cattle — or dispose of them if they outlived their use.

At least that was what the Governor believed. It was unclear if his soldiers shared in this demented belief or simply followed his whims because their abuse of the mundane population went unpunished under his rule.

There was indeed order and safety… but it was not because people were united in the task of maintaining the dome. Instead, it was because people were treated as slaves, and anyone who failed to accomplish the tasks given to them by the Awakened were cruelly punished, or outright killed.

Warden's expression was stiff as they walked to their accommodations.

Eventually, he said:

"I… knew it was going to be bad. But I didn't think that it would get this bad, this fast."

Jest looked at him.

"Who's the optimist now, huh?"

Warden just stared back blankly.

Jest sighed.

"Well, it doesn't matter. None of our people is in this dome, anyway — we'll need to cross over to other domes if we want to get to them."

It was not that surprising, really. The Governor did take his views way too far, but he was definitely not the only member of the nascent Awakened supremacy movement. It was only natural that there would be some who saw Awakened as inherently different and innately superior beings when compared to ordinary humans.

It was also not that rare to see people get all kinds of weird ideas about the Nightmare Spell, seeing it as some kind of divine intervention. There were at least a dozen odd cults spreading in NQSC, growing in numbers and developing extremist tendencies at a rapid pace.

And that was just what crazy people did. There were also those who were quite sane, but callously exploited the lunacy of others with malicious intent.

It was a proper mess.

Warden's expression darkened, but he did not say anything else.

…For a while.

In the morning, after they had witnessed more of how atrociously mundane people were treated inside the dome, Warden called out for Jest quietly.

To be fair, by then, even Jest himself was a little pale. He had even left his breakfast untouched, feeling sick to his stomach at the sight of the lavish meal.

That was probably the first time Jest had neglected free food.

Warden looked at him for a while, then said evenly:

"About what you said. That we should just move on to the next dome."

Jest raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah?"

Warden lingered for a moment.

"What if I don't want to?"

He frowned, then added slowly:

"What if I want to start working on that… obvious solution… right now? Won't I need to eliminate competition if I want to become one of the eventual rulers of humanity?"

Jest smiled.

It seemed to him like the order was reversed… what Warden really wanted was for the trash like the Esteemed Temporary Governor to be eliminated, and since no one else was cleaning the streets, he had no choice but to become the garbage disposal specialist himself.

So that his son could grow up in a cleaner world.

Jest shrugged.

"Then, the Esteemed Governor will have to die."

Warden's expression changed, becoming colder and more dangerous than before.

Eventually, he said indifferently:

"We can't kill him without justification, though."

Jest laughed.

"Can't we? Well, leave that to me. If he attacks me first, we'll be justified in defending ourselves, won't we? Ah, but make no mistake. It won't be just the Governor… his people are just as guilty, and they won't be happy to see their own justification disappear. In fact, they'll quickly appoint a new figurehead and continue perpetrating monstrous acts with impunity."

Warden looked at him darkly.

"Haven't we gotten pretty good at killing monsters, though?"

Jest smiled.

"That we did…"

The Warden remained silent for a while, then nodded.

"Then. I'll delegate that part to you."

***

Two days later, the interior of the dome was neither orderly nor neat anymore.

Instead, it was a bloodbath.

The Esteemed Temporary Governor was dead. His most loyal warriors were dead, too — the others have either surrendered or ran away.

It was quite a feat, for the small group of Awakened warriors led by Warden to dismantle the entire local force despite being outnumbered one to ten. However, numbers did not matter too much against a well-coordinated attack. Especially if it started with a sudden decapitation strike.

Plus, the local Awakened were no match for Warden and his people. After all, those who habitually trampled the weak usually fell apart when facing the strong… and the warriors who had conquered the ancient castle were very strong.

Jest had killed the Governor himself. He incited the poor fool to attack by combining his Awakened and Dormant Abilities, then gutted him right there in the opulent dining room.

It had not been too hard. In fact, it had been rather easy… he usually struggled when fighting abominations, since those were mindless beasts. But humans were intelligence creatures, and extreme anger robbed them of their most dangerous weapon — their intellect.

So, for him, killing humans was both easier and more rewarding.

The Governor was a powerful Awakened, but he succumbed to Jest's knife all the same. As the fool's body hit the floor, Jest did not feel much pride… or much of any kind of emotion, really.

Just the satisfaction of feeling his body becoming stronger.

After that, they swiftly and strategically dealt with the Governor's supporters. Now, there were a few dozen captive soldiers kneeling in the courtyard of the luxurious mansion while they searched it for any stragglers.

That was when they discovered the hidden cellar.

…A few minutes later, Jest came back on weak legs and crouched in the hallway, breathing heavily.

Then, he shuddered and vomited on the luxurious carpet, his eyes trembling slightly.

Warden emerged from the basement a minute or two later, pale as a ghost.

Both of them remained silent for a while, looking at each other with pale faces.

In the end, Jest was the first one to speak:

"I… I think I understand what you meant. Back there, on the wall of the castle. These people… someone needs to stop them, right?"

Warden took a deep breath.

A few moments later, he said coldly:

"They are not people."

In the end, the captives did not survive the day, either.

Warden did not execute them — instead, he simply handed them to the mundane inhabitants of the dome in restraints.

Perhaps executing them swiftly would have been more merciful.

Observing the bloody spectacle outside the wall, Jest sighed...

It pained him to see all these soul fragments going to waste.




***
Chapter 2154: Off the Cuff


***






Cassie witnessed the inception of the Great Clan Valor — of the force that would shape the future of humanity in accordance with its will. Warden's reluctant determination to become one of the cornerstones that held up the new world would pay off, propelling him to the height of power in the coming years.

That was how history was made, it seemed. Not by vast armies or mystical powers, but by the will of a determined individual — as long as that will was sharp enough to leave a mark on the world.

Granted, Warden himself was not destined to become an individual whose personal power could trample armies. His son, however, would… by following in his father's footsteps.

Wasn't it bitterly ironic, then, that the cleaner world Warden wished to create for his children would be drowned in blood by them?

…Perhaps it was inevitable, since what they inherited from him was a legacy of war, not peace.

The beautiful castle he had turned into a bastion of humanity was now a ruined battlefield where his grandchildren were struggling to kill each other, and his son had gathered a great army to slaughter other people, not creatures summoned by the Spell.

That was his sin, as well.

At that moment, Cassie sensed a movement. By now, it was not just a subtle twitch… Jest's hand rose weakly, and then fell again, hanging limp.

She shivered and delved deeper into his memories, in a hurry to find traces of Anvil.

This time, finally, she succeeded.

A vague memory surfaced from the well of them — brief, but etched with deep, bittersweet emotions.

…Jest exited a luxurious PTV and inhaled deeply, enjoying the clean air of NQSC. Now that the problem with the barriers had been resolved, people could breathe freely here once again — well, closer to the center, at least.

His posture was full of confidence, and his dashing figure was made even more eye-catching by a suit of elegant, expensive clothes. Now that Jest had credits to spare,he made a point of enjoying the finer things in life — something he had been deprived of during his youth.

It was definitely not to compensate for his inability to wear fancy Memories. Not at all!

'Who needs those clunky suits of armor, anyway?'

Smiling, he walked between the Awakened warriors guarding the entrance to a newly built administrative complex and walked inside. No one dared to stop him, since everyone knew who he was… actually, what the hell, why had no one at least checked his ID? There were all kinds of Aspects out there, so one could never be too careful…

Then again, the power of the people who had gathered inside was so fearsome that only a lunatic would try to stage an attack.

'Damn. But the world is still full of lunatics!'

Jest sighed.

Five years had already passed since the day the Nightmare Spell descended. By now, the world was slowly overcoming the dire state of instability it had undergone at the start. Of course, there were still countless problems, big and small, but there was at least a semblance of order in most of the Quadrants — and here in NQSC especially.

In large part, it was thanks to the people that had gathered today… and Jest himself, as well, even if what he did was usually less glamorous.

A few minutes later, he entered a room where Warden was seated in a chair, looking mildly uncomfortable — not that many people would recognize genuine emotions behind his flawlessly stoic facade. There were two young women here, too, working on his hair and makeup.

Jest couldn't help but laugh.

"Oh, oh gods. Never have I imagined seeing you in makeup, Lord Warden."

Warden looked at him sideways, seemingly afraid to turn his head and disturb the makeup artist. If looks could kill, Jest would probably fall dead at the spot.

"That… others insisted. I am going to address all of humanity today, after all."

Jest grinned.

"Good luck… to humanity. Witnessing yourmug will be a great shock for many, no doubt. Let them suffer,I say! Like I have suffered all these years."

Today was indeed a special day. Because today, they were announcing the formation of the United Human Government — an overarching organization meant to facilitate the cooperation of disparate human strongholds, serve as connective tissue between independent Awakened champions, and oversee the infrastructure of populated areas of the planet.

That was why brilliant figures like Warden, Immortal Flame, Nightwalker, and many other powerhouses were all in the same building today.

Of course, that name — the United Human Government — was merely a bold proclamation. In truth, humanity was far from being united. Most of the planet was indeed under the control of their coalition now, but there were still powerful adversaries left in its corners.

The Americas seemed to come around last year, but the Supremacists were still holding ground in the South. The entire Western Quadrant was under the control of Caliban and his cabal of demented fiends, all indoctrinated by his eerily sinister ideology. The Dream Cult was still prevalent in many places, and the Path of Ascension zealots were steadily gaining ground right here in NQSC.

There were many smaller cities that had yet to be liberated from the Nightmare Creatures, too.

In short, there was still a lot of work to do.

Which was why Jest was late to arrive today.

Warden hesitated for a few moments, then asked the makeup artist and the hair stylist to leave. Once they were gone, he looked at Jest evenly.

"How did it go?"

Jest shrugged.

"There was a bit of collateral damage. Unfortunate, but inevitable. In any case, it went well — those old regime fogies won't be a problem anymore. We'll be able to take full control of the water distribution system and purification plants by the end of the week, then hand them to the UHG. Obviously, that will also make the negotiations with the Farmers moot — they won't last long if we cut water supply to their precious hydroponics.And without a stable source of food, all other holdouts will fall in line. In short, there'll be no independent factions controlling vital infrastructure here in NQSC anymore. All thanks to yours truly."

He grinned.

Warden sighed, then nodded curtly.

After a few moments, he said:

"There's blood on your sleeve."

Jest flinched.

"What? Ah, crap… that's a bespoke shirt, damn it!"

He pulled the cuff of his shirt from under his jacket's sleeve, studied the degree of damage, then grimaced and tore the entire cuff off.

Of course, not before removing the expensive cuff link first. Those were a gift from his wife, so he could not lose them.

'Oh no, my shirt...'

Throwing the bloodied cuff into a trashcan, Jest sighed dejectedly and glanced at Warden.

"Well, anyway. You go ahead and prepare for your speech… I'll go say hello to the kids."

Warden nodded.

"Tell the makeup team to come in on your way out. And… good job today."

Jest smiled.

"Why, of course. When have I ever not done a good job?"

The last five years had not been peaceful… in fact, they were stained by endless bloodshed. Power came at a great cost, and one had to pay for it in blood — either their own or that of their opponents.

So, Jest had long lost count of the number of such missions he had undertaken on behalf of Warden, both openly and in secret. It was not very enjoyable work… most of the time… but he prided himself on being good at it.

Most importantly, it mattered. Because he was not spilling blood for personal gain or to satisfy his greed. He was spilling it to build a better future for everyone, and especially for his family.

Now that Jest was a father himself, he understood how Warden had felt, all those years ago.

Forgetting about the bloodied cuff, Jest headed for the door.

"Oh! Is your youngest here today?"

Warden nodded with a smile.

"Yes, he is."

Jest chuckled.

"Good, good. Although I still can't believe that you actually gave him that name. That is, like… child abuse?Hello! Don't you have any shame?"

Warden shook his head.

"You won't understand. Anvil is different from Madoc…"

And standing in the dark jungle of Godgrave, Cassie smiled subtly while Jest's hands twitched.

'Found you.'




***
Chapter 2155: Human Connections


***






Whistling a happy tune, Jest made his way to a different part of the complex.

The important people were preparing to make the historic announcement, and would be busy discussing various matters after that — it was not every day that they gathered in one place, so there was a lot to talk about.

It was also important to simply spend time together and get to know each other. Some of the famed champions of humanity had already met, and even fought side by side on many occasions, but some were barely acquainted. If the coalition was to last, its pillars had to share a sense of unity.

Despite how much the world had changed, there was still nothing quite as effective in building trust as looking the other person in the eye and shaking their hand.

Grand matters and shared strategic interests notwithstanding, personal connections were still the most important and fundamental element of human relationships, trampling all else. So, the exalted champions of humanity… were going to hang out.

And while they were doing that, their families would spend time together as well. The wives, the husbands, the children — they had to build connections too, so that the framework of the tentative new coalition was cemented.

Warden might have had to give a solemn speech, announcing the formation of the United Human Government to the world, but the actual new world order was going to be built behind closed doors, in heavily guarded backrooms, where the families of Warden and other champions were mingling and forming a different kind of union.

One that would become their true legacy.

Well… and also, all these powerhouses were paranoid — for a good reason, too. They weren't going to leave their loved ones unguarded while every warrior who was worth anything was away, so they simply took their families with them.

Jest was no different. His son and his wife, who was pregnant with their second child, were somewhere here, as well. After the bloody morning, he couldn't wait to see them. 

There was a large room in the depths of the complex that was furnished splendidly, with comfortable sofas, various refreshments set on wooden tables, and plenty of toys scattered on the floor of the playing area that was arranged in the center. The lighting imitated daylight, and a beautiful view that seemed to reproduce the beautiful vistas around Bastion was projected on the walls.

The room was filled with a relaxed atmosphere… or rather, it would have if not for the energetic kind of chaos that spawned anytime a group of children congregated.

The first person Jest noticed was, of course, his wife. Her pregnancy was barely showing, so a person who did not know her well would probably not even notice the difference — but he, of course, could see it clearly.

In fact, Jest had started joking about how pregnant she looked as soon as they received the good news. His wife was usually one of the few people whose sense of humor was sophisticated enough to appreciate his genius, but this time, she kept missing the point for whatever reason.

She never missed when she punched Jest in response, though, so while he had not earned any laughs recently, he did earn more than a few bruises — his wife was an Awakened too, after all. Her punches carried both weight and purpose.

Come to think of it…

Hadn't she unexplainably lost her sense of humor the last time she was pregnant, too?

'Probably hormones…'

She was talking to a beautiful, elegant mundane woman of about their age, who seemed to be Immortal Flame's wife. Jest spared a moment or two to study her exquisite features and striking grey eyes.

Immortal Flame himself was a fiery guy, so it was a bit strange to see that his wife was like a calm, placid lake. That said… despite being mundane, she had a strong presence, as if there was a core of solid steel hidden beneath the deep waters of that lake.

That woman had character.

Well… of course, she had. Not just anyone could be the life partner of an exceptional man like Immortal Flame, and out of those who had survived the descent of the Nightmare Spell, there were only two types of people — those who broke, and those who became so tough that nothing could break them.

It was a good thing that Immortal Flame and his family were now their allies. If things had turned out differently… Jest could not help but shiver. An enemy like that would have to be uprooted and exterminated completely, because leaving adversaries of this caliber alive was no different from signing your own death certificate.

Luckily, Immortal Flame was a reasonable man despite his fiery temperament.

Approaching the two women with a pleasant smile, Jest greeted them happily and then looked around the room.

"Where are the kids?"

The kids, of course, were up to no good.

He found them in a corner, discussing something in hushed voices.

Well, an adorable little girl was discussing something, while the three boys around her were just listening with obedient expressions.

The oldest of them was about five years old and wore a hesitant expression, as if unsure of why he was listening to the tiny, but bossy little girl. Jest knew this one all too well, since it was Madoc, Warden's oldest.

The next one was Jest's own little rogue. His son was four, and had mischievous sparks dancing in his innocent eyes. That innocence was pure deceit, of course… the little fella was a real menace, to the point that Jest never knew whether to despair or feel proud when confronted by his mischief.

The impossibly cute girl was, without a doubt, Immortal Flame's daughter. Her bright smile was a sight to behold, and there were adorable dimples on her chubby cheeks… she seemed to be the ringleader.

And finally, there was a timid boy who was not quite three yet, same as the girl. This was probably the first time he had found himself surrounded by so many strangers, so he stuck close to the outgoing girl and listened to her carefully.

Seeing such a serious expression on such a cute face made Jest want to laugh.

The boy, of course, was Anvil, Warden's younger son.

Noticing him, little Anvil suddenly smiled and waved a hand.

"Uncle Jest!"

Jest waved back.

'Ah… but really. Anvil? Poor kid… he will really need to develop a sense of humor, with a name like that…'




***
Chapter 2156: Flexible Steel


***






Little Anvil was not so little anymore, having just turned seven. He had somehow grew into something that resembled an actual person now, albeit a mini version, and one could already recognize his father's features in his earnest, serious face.

Too serious, even. Jest had often wondered what kind of kids Warden would raise — with how serious and prone to giving lectures about chivalry the man was, his poor children were bound to grow up with a severe deficiency of fun in their lives.

It was already showing…

Perhaps that was why Anvil liked to hang out with Immortal Flame's daughter so much.

At the moment, though, he was laying on the ground, breathing heavily and staring at the sky with bleak eyes.

Jest coughed.

"That, uh… maybe we should end things here today."

The kid was weirdly fit for someone his age, but the training regime Warden forced upon the poor fellow was way too intense. Little Anvil really did nothing but study and practice all day long, which was a sad thing to see.

Then again, Jest understood Warden completely… in fact, all of them, the original Awakened, were a bit too harsh on their children.

That was because the Nightmare Spell was continuing to reap lives, with new youths contracting it each year. The thought of his son being sent into a Nightmare made Jest sweat, which was why he and his wife trained their little devil with an almost equal — but not quite — level of intensity.

They had faced the horrors of the Nightmare Spell unprepared, so if there was something — anything — they could do to coach their children on how to survive the danger, they were willing to do it. Not everyone had such a wealth of resources at their disposal, but they did, and so they used it thoroughly.

Thankfully, their second son was too young for sword practice… for now. Still, his training would have to start soon.

…No one was trained more intensely than poor Anvil, though, both in swordsmanship and intellectual pursuits.

Warden was not so strict even with Madoc, who was two years older. By now, Jest knew why, and while he understood that the younger of the two brothers had a different, somewhat inhuman constitution, it was still a shame to see him waste his childhood this way.

Anvil himself did not seem to mind, though.

Shaking his head, the boy sighed, then rose to his feet wearily and picked up the wooden sword.

"No, Uncle Jest… I can go again. Please instruct me."

Jest sighed. He didn't even want to joke at the moment.

'Warden… ah, I really need to talk to him.'

Warden was, without a doubt, an exceptional man. He was a fearsome warrior and benevolent leader, and more importantly than that, he was someone with a great and clear vision. Even his enemies did not question his nobility, and his intellect was truly formidable.

More than that, he was Jest's closest friend and benefactor. It would not be a stretch to say that everything Jest had was because of Warden… he would not even be alive if not for that excessively serious guy. His life would have ended on the day of the winter solstice, all those years ago.

And yet, despite what many seemed to think, Warden wasn't perfect.

In particular, as far as Jest could see, he was not treating his children — especially Anvil — right. Warden approached their education with his usual level of seriousness, and although he meant well, children also needed warmth and affection. Especially these two, who had lost their mother young.

It had happened during the First Gate Crisis… that damn disaster. Many people had suspected that the Nightmare Spell had more terrors in store for humanity, but still, no one expected that a few years after the first Awakened returned from the Dream Realm, the Dream Realm would follow them to Earth through the Nightmare Gates.

The Gates kept opening, and no one managed to close one yet.

Jest frowned.

There was no telling what other calamities the Nightmare Spell had in store. The future they were trying to build was dark and unclear.

So… perhaps Warden had the right idea to prepare his sons for the worst, after all.

'Ah, I don't know anymore…'

Jest remained silent for a moment, then smiled warmly.

"Sure, kid. Let's go again… be sure not to let go of your sword this time."

Since most of the human enemies that had threatened them were gone now, he had a lot of free time on his hands. That was why Warden had asked him to give Anvil lessons.

There were better swordsmen out there, of course, but there were few killers better than Jest in the world… if any.

Two worlds, really.

So, what he had to teach Anvil was not the sword, per se, but rather combat. Real battle was never clean and orderly like training spars — both people and Nightmare Creatures fought dirty, using anything and everything they could to kill the enemy and survive. Desperation was the best teacher, but it was hard for a child from a noble family to really taste it.

Clutching his wooden sword, Anvil frowned. Jest chuckled.

"What's with that bitter expression?"

The little boy looked at him somberly, and then said in a guarded tone:

"Uncle Jest… since you are telling me to hold onto my sword, you'll probably ignore it completely and just smack me on the body, right?"

Jest grinned.

"It seems you did learn something!"

With that, he attacked… ignoring the boy's wooden sword and aiming directly at his body, instead.

After a few exchanges, Anvil found himself on the ground again and sighed.

This time, he did not hurry to stand up.

"I see. So today's lesson is misdirection."

Jest stared at the little boy, then shook his head in dejection.

"You are way too honest and upright, boy. There's no honesty in battle, though. Your enemies will try to deceive you, and you must know how to both see through their deceit and deceive them in turn."

Anvil frowned.

"But isn't Father an honest and upright man, too?"

Jest laughed.

"Who, Warden? Why, of course. He is the honestest and the uprightest… but he can be cunning and crooked when he needs to, too. A true warrior can't be too rigid in his thinking. He has to be flexible, or he'll die."

The little boy nodded seriously.

"Like steel."

He considered something for a few moments, then smiled.

"A good sword has to be flexible, too. Rigid blades will break faster. I understand now, Uncle Jest!"

Jest gave him a dubious glance, not sure what if the boy really understood.

Then, he shrugged.

"Well, if you do, get up and go clean yourself. I'll take you into the city to eat something tasty."

Anvil looked at him with a childish expression, which made Jest happy — it was nice seeing the boy act like a kid for a change.

Eventually, though, Anvil sighed.

"Father hired a nutrition specialist to oversee my meals. I am… forbidden from eating ice cream…"

Jest smiled benevolently.

"Why, then we can take the nutrition specialist with us. I'm sure that we can find a nutritious ice cream, with some help… and even if we can't, Warden doesn't need to know everything, right?"

The boy's eyes widened.

Jest thought that it was a look of admiration at first, but then realized that there was a tall figure reflecting in Anvil's eyes.

Turning around, he saw Warden, who was walking across the garden with wide steps.

The man looked strangely intense.

Jest coughed.

"Listen, man… Lord Warden. I didn't mean it that way, okay? I was definitely not teaching your kid how to deceive his father..."

But Warden ignored his words and just stared at him.

Jest felt that something was wrong.

"What?"

Warden remained silent for a few moments, and then suddenly smiled fiercely.

"It's Immortal Flame. That guy. He closed a Nightmare Gate!"




***
Chapter 2157: Seeds of Calamity


***






What Immortal Flame had accomplished changed everything. Even before the news of his Ascension spread around the world like a tidal wave, igniting the hearts of countless people, it had shaken the hearts of those who held both the greatest power and the greatest responsibility in the dire world of the Nightmare Spell… of people like Warden.

The repercussions were too significant.

Knowing the importance of what he had learned inside the Seed of Nightmare, Immortal Flame wasn't shy about sharing the information. An urgent meeting between the members of the prominent families was arranged, and soon, the powerhouses of humanity gathered in a heavily guarded government complex.

As one of Warden's elites, Jest attended as well.

Everything they learned from the Immortal Flame was astonishing.

First, the nature of Ascension — the further evolution of one's body, the qualitative increase in the potency of soul essence, the unimaginable degree with which one could control it as an Ascended, the unsealing of the third Aspect Ability, and most importantly of all… the ability to enter the Dream Realm whenever one wanted.

Or not enter it at all.

All of them were seasoned and powerful Awakened warriors, but witnessing what Immortal Flame was now capable of, even just on a purely physical level, was enough to leave them all stunned. That… was an entirely new level of might that they could not have dreamed about.

Not even superhuman power, but an inhuman one.

Something that would finally allow them to contend against Fallen Nightmare Creatures on equal footing, and therefore alleviate the crushing pressure every one of them was experiencing, both in the real world and in the Dream Realm.

Take Bastion, for example… although it had become a beacon of safety for the humans of the Dream Realm, the actual situation in the castle was not too good these days. That was because without the red dragon, the abominable forest that surrounded Warden's Citadel was growing more and more terrifying with each year.

By now, Bastion was besieged from all sides, and the only way to stave off the enemy was to venture out on frequent punitive expeditions to cull the abominations spawned by the dark woods, burning large swathes of the forest in the process. Each of these expeditions was more onerous and deadly than the previous one, and the balance of power was slowly shifting in favor of the sprawling dark mass of the eerie Titan.

Ascension offered a chance to swing the balance back in favor of humans.

Then, there was the freedom from the clutches of the Nightmare Spell it offered. All Awakened had no choice but to enter the Dream Realm when they slept… and the Dream Realm was a harsh and inhospitable hell.

Bastion was one of the strongest Citadels of humanity in its dark expanse, and even it was barely standing… there was no need to mention how hard the lives in the smaller human enclaves were. Surviving was hard, and casualties were a constant. The Citadels were like small, trembling flames, shining weakly in the endless expanse of chilling and impenetrable darkness.

So, for most Awakened, the mere possibility of never having to enter the Dream Realm again would be like a ray of hope.

For those in charge of humanity, however, something else held much more significance… it was not the allure of greater power that Ascension offered, and not even the promise of remaining in the real world forever.

It was the fact that conquering a Seed was now the only proven method of closing a Nightmare Gate. The Gates had become a plague after first appearing a few years ago, and their number only continued to grow. There were already a dozen or so exclusion zones in NQSC alone, and constant military presence was required to eliminate the emerging abominations.

The scale of the problem was manageable… for now. But anyone with the smallest amount of foresight could see the writing on the wall — sooner or later, the Nightmare Gates were going to swallow all human population centers.

Unless they were dealt with.

And Immortal Flame had shown them a way to do just that.

Finally, there was the last shocking part of his report.

It was the truth of what was hidden inside the Nightmare Seeds.

Immortal Flame, of course, was not the first person who had entered one of them. However, he and those of his comrades who had survived were the first ones to return alive, and therefore, the first people who could tell the rest of humanity about what awaited Awakened inside the Nightmare Seeds.

The truth was something that many had theorized, but none had been able to prove.

It was another Nightmare… a Second Nightmare.

Just like the trial that every Awakened faced after contracting the Spell, a new Nightmare awaited them inside the Seeds — this one far more deadly and demanding, with enemies that were far more powerful than most of them had ever had to fight.

However, there was another difference to the Second Nightmare, one that had the potential to have decisive influence on the next few years. It was that, according to the Immortal Flame, these new harrowing Nightmares were not individual trials, but rather meant to be challenged as by groups of Awakened.

The idea of a Nightmare that many people could challenge was preposterous, but it was nevertheless true. Jest was quite shocked by the unexpected turn of events, but in hindsight, nothing about the Nightmare Spell had ever been predictable.

The news of Immortal Flame's Ascension was announced a few days after the meeting. Not long after that, the prominent Awakened gathered once more, this time for an official celebration…

It was just before the celebration that Warden looked at Jest somberly and said, his voice full of familiar determination.

"We must do it, Jest. We must Ascend."

Jest sighed.

"Yeah, sure. But hold your horses — you know better than I do how many people died while challenging the Seeds. The fact that Immortal Flame returned alive doesn't mean that from now on, everyone will too. We must prepare thoroughly… there is no rush."

But Warden shook his head.

"You are wrong. There is a rush. Don't you see?"

Looking at the streets of NQSC that moved past the window of their PTV, Warden gritted his teeth.

"The fact that there is a Second Nightmare… means that there will be a Third, as well. And the Fourth."

His expression darkened.

"Which also means that after the First Gate Crisis, there will be the Second. And the Third. And so on… that is a reasonable extrapolation. These Nightmare Gates we are dealing with will soon become more terrible. What will we do when Corrupted Nightmare Creatures start entering the waking world?"

Jest shivered.

Corrupted Nightmare Creatures... were legendary monsters synonymous with death. Just one of them could wipe out most of NQSC, since there was no one here to stop it.

Except for Immortal Flame and his surviving companions.

Noticing the lack of a humorous response, Warden nodded and looked at him silently.

Eventually, he said:

"That is why we must Ascend, Jest. As soon as possible."




***
Chapter 2158: Old Guard


***






In the end, there had not been a Second Gate Crisis.

That was because people like Warden had anticipated that Category Three Gates would start appearing in the near future, and prepared accordingly.

It cost them a lot.

For a few years after Immortal Flame had conquered the Second Nightmare, the higher echelons of humanity were overcome by great ambition, great determination… and great sorrow.

There were countless celebrations, and countless funerals.

Almost all the best and the brightest of humanity answered the Call of Nightmare, entering the blooming Seeds to face the trial of the Spell. Many returned victorious, but many had perished, as well.

It was as if the old guard was being culled. Jest had lost count of how many of his old acquaintances — all seasoned veterans and survivors of the Spell's descent — had lost their lives in the pursuit of Ascension.

But he survived. Warden survived, too, becoming an Ascended in the tenth year of the Nightmare Spell era… people like them were more and more often called Masters, now.

Both of them were in their thirties now.

They weren't young, but the ruthless world kept changing around them at the same rapid pace.

In the Dream Realm, Warden managed to push the monstrous forest back from the walls of Bastion… for a time, at least. Despite having reached Ascension, they still could not contend against a Fallen Titan — all they could do was contain it, and slow down its growth.

Jest himself had left Bastion and traveled south along the river, conquering the strategic Citadel that stood halfway between the Mirror Lake and Stormsea. With Rivergate in human hands, it was now possible to connect with Nightwalker and the other champions of that nebulous region of the Dream Realm.

Many more Citadels were conquered at that time, as well. While the River of Tears basin in the west was still largely underdeveloped, with every human enclave isolated from the rest, things were changing here in the heartland of the Dream Realm.

Humans were slowly uniting around Bastion and Warden, and the Citadels were supporting each other to present a united front against the horrors of the Nightmare Spell.

Things were changing in the waking world, too.

Almost all remaining cities were now under the control of the United Human Government and the Awakened forces standing behind it. The mad ruler of the Western Quadrant, Caliban, had been eliminated — the less powerful local tyrants had all been either killed or persuaded to join the new world order, as well.

Quite a few of those who persisted in their misguided ways died by Jest's own hand. He had been deadly even as an Awakened, and his power and lethality only exploded after becoming a Master.

The Dream Cult had been ruthlessly suppressed and erased from the annals of history, replaced by the powerful propaganda machine of the government. The Awakened Supremacy movement had been eradicated. Countless smaller gangs, cults, movements, and extremist factions were all gone now, and a semblance of if not peace, then at least stability enveloped the world.

Even the Ascension zealots were gone now… this particular faction had not been too malicious, but there was still no place for it in the new world order. Which was a shame, considering how powerful many of them were — in fact, while Immortal Flame was the first one to conquer the Second Nightmare, it was the Path of Ascension believers who had braved it second, much earlier than even Warden himself.

While most Awakened dreamed of becoming Masters in order to never enter the Dream Realm again, the Ascension zealots wanted the opposite. So, after being pressured and persecuted by the dominant forces of the human world, they simply left it forever and established a colony somewhere in the Dream Realm, never to be heard of again.

Jest was not sorry to see the lunatics go.

Not that he had a lot of time to spare them any thought.

Busy, busy, busy… if there was one word to describe their lives in the past few years, it was busy.

So busy that he did not even really notice when his older son had turned into a temperamental teenager, and his younger son started school.

'Gods. Look at this guy! He's taller than me!'

Jest was just contemplating spending more time with his children when he noticed Anvil, now fourteen years old, practicing with a sword in solitude.

He was currently visiting the Valor residence to discuss a few important matters with Warden — a frequent occurrence now that they were anchored at different Citadels in the Dream Realm. Traveling from Rivergate to Bastion did not take a lot of time, but it was still more convenient to meet here in NQSC. So, he was often a guest here.

His lessons with Anvil had long been canceled, though, because the little fiend was already a far better swordsman than Jest himself was. So was Madoc — now the two brothers just sparred with each other when they needed a partner, and taught each other as well.

They were both monstrously talented, even if Anvil had an edge over his older brother due to a special lineage.

Noticing Jest, Anvil smiled subtly and put down the sword.

"Uncle Jest. What a nice surprise."

Jest grinned.

"That's what she… actually, never mind. How have you been, kid?"

Anvil nodded.

"Thank you. I've been doing well."

'Ah. He's still too prim and proper.'

Although Madoc and Anvil were both talented and diligent, one thing they were missing under Warden's strict oversight was liveliness.

Today, however, Warden's younger son seemed troubled.

He hesitated for a few moments, then asked tentatively.

"Uncle Jest. Do you think that Madoc… will he be alright?"

Jest raised an eyebrow.

"Why wouldn't he be alright?"

A shadow crossed the boy's face.

"Because he turned sixteen."

Jest blinked.

Sixteen.

Most of the youths who contracted the Spell were between sixteen and eighteen years of age.

'...Madoc is already sixteen, huh?'

At that point, someone would say… gods! How fast time had passed!

But not Jest. To him, it felt like a dozen lifetimes had passed between the day Madoc was born and now.

However…

Since Madoc was already sixteen, his own son will be, too, in a year.

He remained silent for a while, then smiled.

"Madoc? That guy? Bah! Of course, he'll be alright. Don't you worry about him, worry about yourself instead…"

And indeed, Madoc was alright. A year passed, and he was yet to show any symptoms of having contracted the Nightmare Spell.

So, Jest allowed himself to feel hopeful, too.

'Maybe it's really… really going to be alright.'

But then, one day, when he returned home...

His son's sleepy eyes met him, and the boy said after a big yawn.

"Ah, dad… sorry… can we skip practice today? I feel a bit tired."

Jest's heart stopped.




***
Chapter 2159: Empty Cradle


***






In the basement of Jest's lavish mansion at the heart of NQSC, behind several layers of armored alloy and defended by a cutting-edge spelltech defense system, lay a square chamber with video walls that displayed a beautiful panoramic view of Rivergate.

There were two sleeping pods installed there side by side — once luxurious and expensive, but now old and obsolete. Jest and his wife had used them once, but since both of them were Masters now and did not venture into the Dream Realm in their sleep, the sleeping pods had just been gathering dust for the last few years.

Not that they were really dusty. The entire mansion was spotlessly clean, both due to robotic cleaners and mundane staff.

But today, one of the pods had an occupant.

Jest's older son was laying there, sleeping peacefully, while Jest himself was sitting on a folding chair nearby and watching him with an expressionless face.

He had been sitting there for two days without moving.

Only his mind was restless and alive.

'Come on, boy… come on. Your old man survived, so you can survive too. You are so much better than me. You can do it...'

It had not taken long for his son to succumb to the Spell after displaying the first symptoms. He was in the First Nightmare now, fighting for his life… and Jest was stuck here — by his side, but unable to help.

He could not help, and at the same time, he felt more helpless than ever before.

Wasn't it funny? Jest had spent the first two decades of his life barely clinging to life, then spent many more years in regular brushes with death. And yet, he had never felt more powerless than now.

Perhaps it was funny, but for the first time since the Spell descended, he could not find the strength to smile.

'Come on…'

Slowly, every conversation he had ever had with Warden were surfacing in his mind. Everything that the two of them had done — every glorious victory, every triumph against all odds, every noble sacrifice… every dirty scheme, every cold-blooded execution, every innocent life lost as collateral damage in pursuit of greater good — it had all been for this, had it not?

To build a world where their children could live with their heads held high.

They had spilled the blood and built that world, so surely, their children would survive?

Jest had known nothing and had nothing when the Spell called him into the First Nightmare. He did not know how to fight, how to wield weapons, how to procure food, how to find shelter from the elements. He had not known what Aspects were, why Attributes were important, how to harvest and absorb soul shards…

But his son knew it all, and then some. He had been taught and trained by the best instructors in the world, preparing for this day from early childhood. His training had been both thorough and extensive, bordering on excessive… Jest and his wife were among the best warriors of humanity and imparted as much as they could on him, as well.

So, surely…

Jest had never prayed to anyone or anything before, but he was praying now.

Even though the gods were dead, he hoped that something would listen.

He prayed to the gods, to the Demons.

He even prayed to the Nightmare Spell.

'Come on…'

But his prayers had gone unanswered.

…He felt it before he saw it. A subtle, almost imperceptible shift in the atmosphere, as if the air in the underground chamber had suddenly become heavier.

Colder, darker, and more sinister.

It was not really something Jest felt with his body, but rather what he felt with his soul.

His eyes trembled slightly.

In the brightly illuminated cradle of the sleeping pod, his son's eyelids trembled, too.

For a moment, Jest hoped that the little fiend would wake up and open his eyes.

But instead, his son's body twitched, and then arched, a low growl escaping from between his lips.

Something moved under his skin, as if his bones were growing and rearranging themselves, pressing against it from below.

Jest continued to watch silently, paralyzed.

Eventually, though…

He slowly stood up and walked toward the sleeping pod weakly.

Sitting down on its edge, he pulled his son into an embrace and held him tightly, struggling against the movements that were growing more and more fierce.

He tasted it again… the salty taste of tears on his tongue.

So he still had tears to shed, it seemed.

Just like on that day, in front of the barrack.

Jest opened his mouth:

"Shhh…"

He inhaled deeply.

"It's alright, boy. It's alright. You did well… you did the best you could."

Of course, the thing he was holding was not his son anymore.

But Jest just held it tighter.

"It's alright… you did well…"

After a while…

And eternity, perhaps.

Jest left the basement and closed the door behind him.

He knew that his wife was waiting for him upstairs, half-dead from the dreadful anticipation of uncertain news.

He had to tell her now, but was not brave enough to face her just yet.

Instead, Jest turned to the wall and leaned on it, breathing heavily.

The armored alloy felt cool against his forehead.

'Ah…'

His mind was empty.

'Ah...'

Some time later, his gaze focused on his wrist.

There, on the cuff of his expensive shirt…

The white fabric had turned vibrant red with blood.

Jest stared at it for a while, his eyes slowly growing less cloudy.

A crooked smile suddenly split his face apart.

He remembered another bloodied cuff, and a conversation that had happened a long time ago.

What was it that he had said?

'... A bit of collateral damage. Unfortunate, but inevitable. In any case, it went well.'

They had been so matter-of-fact about it. And why wouldn't they? How many of these unfortunate occurrences had there been? He had lost count. If Jest wasted energy caring about each of them — any of them — he would have spent his entire life spilling tears.

He was too busy spilling blood, though. One could not build a new world without mortar, after all, and definitely not without breaking a few bricks… a dozen or a thousand, it did not matter.

But those broken bricks had been someone's sons and daughters, too.

He grinned terribly.

"So… is this my punishment then?"

Was it?

Before Jest knew what he was doing, he brought his head back, and then hit it against the wall, as if wishing to crack his skull open.

But his skull did not crack, of course.

Instead, the armored alloy bent and cracked, and a deep indent was formed on its surface.

He was a Master, after all.

'Ah, ah…'

The world was bitter.

The gods had died, and were replaced by the Nightmare Spell.

And the Spell…

It was a wicked god.

The only kind of god he deserved, perhaps.




***
Chapter 2160: Past and Future


***






About a year later, Jest was leaning on the wall of a random building, feeling dizzy from drinking too much. It was hard for an Ascended to get drunk, but he had smuggled a bottle of special brew from the Dream Realm — it wasn't made from mundane stuff, so its effect was correspondingly outstanding.

He had fallen apart, a little, after his older son's death — not too much, but just enough to allow himself a day or two of drowning in self-pity every few months or so.

After all, Jest still had another son to take care of. His wife needed him, as well… and Warden, too, although now that all the enemies of the new world order had been eliminated, there was rarely a need to use his services.

That last fact was slowly changing as of late. Not because new external adversaries were rising, but simply because the new order had become robust enough, and had existed for long enough, that internal threats were.

Now, Warden had to put effort into maintaining if not control, then at least a decisive amount of influence over the unwieldy apparatus of human governance. Jest had to help from time to time — his work these days was usually less bloody, and he served as more of a scarecrow than an executioner.

…Usually.

'Ah, I'm sick of it. When will it end?'

When would he and Warden be able to get some rest? Work, work, work… for two decades, almost, they had done nothing but work tirelessly.

He imagined the two of them retired, sipping wine in some warm garden in Bastion while their grandkids played around, and giggled.

'Bah. With how stiff that guy is, I doubt he'll ever settle down.'

Jest grimaced, then took another sip of the bitter brew.

In front of him, in the distance, the workers were finishing constructing the Awakened Academy. Looking at the mighty wall defending the complex from a distance, Jest smiled darkly.

'Bastards. Took them long enough…'

Many things had changed in the last year. More of the children of the original Awakened had contracted the Nightmare Spell… some survived, some didn't. Of course, countless children had perished to the Spell already, but these ones were different.

Because they were the first infected who had been born after the descent of the Nightmare Spell, and grew up not knowing anything but its dire new world.

The Second Generation.

Looking at the gates of the Academy being hoisted up, Jest suddenly felt like he was back to that day when he returned to the barrack, only to find himself unable to walk through the broken door.

A dark, deep sense of futility overwhelmed him, and he hurried to wash it away with the bitter taste of alcohol.

'That's good. That's better…'

He wasn't watching alone, either. At some point, another figure appeared in the alley, walking past him without even noticing — well, it wasn't surprising. Jest was standing in the shadows, after all, and actively suppressing his presence. That was a habit he had developed after perpetrating numerous assassinations.

It was someone he knew, in fact. Awakened Orum… a nice enough guy. Not too powerful and not too ambitious, but solid and reliable. He, too, was a member of the First Generation, and since his Citadel was in the general area of influence exerted by Bastion, the two of them had fought side by side a few times.

Still, Jest would have preferred if no one disturbed his solitude.

When the gates of the Academy were installed in place, he sighed and let out a laugh.

"When the gods close a door, the Nightmare Spell opens a window."

Orum turned his head in surprise, only noticing Jest now. Internally, Jest shook his head.

'Eh, Orum… I really hope we never meet as enemies. You'd never see me coming.'

They exchanged a few meaningless words, with Jest playing a drunken fool, then continued to watch the construction. Eventually, the conversation turned to the Academy.

Little Anvil… who was not so little anymore… was going to attend it. He had been infected by the Spell just before turning sixteen, and survived the First Nightmare — thank the gods. Madoc was already eighteen, and still not showing any symptoms. In one more year or so, he would be safe.

Immortal Flame's daughter was going to attend, too.

They were the future of humanity now…

Jest hoped desperately that they would be. He would gladly become the past, if only they survived.

People were calling these kids Legacies as of late.

It was a bit disgusting, that word, but not as disgusting as parents who had become enamored by the gifts of the Spell and actually hoped for their children would contract it.

Was Orum one of those bastards, by chance?

If he was… Jest thought that he might just kill him right here and now, in this alley. There were no witnesses, and he could handle a mere Awakened in a matter of seconds. Losing one moderately competent would not affect anything major, either.

'Wait… he doesn't even have children, I think? But he's taking care of his niece and nephews…'

After staring at Orum for a bit, Jest smiled coldly.

"Your sister's children are what, around ten? You must be thinking about a lot of things right now, too. Huh, Orum?"

The man nodded.

"Yeah. I am thinking… I really hope that they won't become infected. Of course, I'll need to prepare them well, in case they do."

Just like that, without even knowing it, Orum had saved his life.

Jest grinned.

"...That is why I like you, Orum. Thank the gods you're still normal, at least."

There were sane people left in the world, too.

He took another seep of the bitter brew, which had loosened his tongue. So, Jest went on a little rant.

'Legacies. Ha, what a joke!'

That was not the kind of legacy they had wanted to leave. Their children becoming Awakened was not it!

This… the city around them… that was the real legacy Warden and Jest had spent their lives building. The clean air, the stable supply of electricity, the robust infrastructure. Public trams that arrived on time, warm water in the showers, and enough food to feed everyone — even the surplus population that had to be relocated to the outskirts of the city beyond the barriers.

That was what they had wanted to leave behind for their kids, not the bloody horror of the Nightmare Spell…

No matter the cost.

But what was the point if their children were taken away by the Nightmare Spell, anyway?

There was no point at all...

Jest let out a laugh.

"Orum, my friend, listen to this fool… abandon hope. In this era, the only thing worth believing in is the Nightmare Spell, and the Spell is a cruel bitch. Just… teach your kids well. Teach them really well, bastard."

If only Jest had taught his son better... then, maybe...

He finished his liquor and waved a hand.

"See you at the opening ceremony…"

Jest did see Orum at the opening ceremony a few days later, not that he cared too much to talk to the man.

He was more concerned about Anvil, who was supposed to enter the Dream Realm for the first time come winter solstice.

The boy had been acting strangely ever since returning from the First Nightmare…




***
Chapter 2161: A Flawed World


***






So many things had happened, and worse than that, things constantly kept happening. So, Jest was busy all the time and had not paid too much attention to young Anvil after their lessons were over.

The boy was a constant presence in his life, but more of a background character than a main one. Still, they were close — or had been, at least.

Ever since last year... Jest had distanced himself from everyone who was around the age of being infected by the Nightmare Spell. Even if it was unreasonable and cowardly, he had to in order to prevent himself from falling apart completely.

Anvil had contracted the Spell, faced the First Nightmare, and returned alive. They had seen each other once or twice since then, and even though everything seemed fine, Jest sensed that something was not quite the same.

Well, of course... it wouldn't be. The First Nightmare was a formative experience for many, and no one was the same after suffering its horrors. So, even if Anvil had changed, there was probably no hidden meaning behind it.

Perhaps Jest just felt sad about growing distant from the boy, considering that they had been close once.

He wanted to visit the kid at the newly established Academy, but this and that kept getting in the way. In the end, it wasn't long before the winter solstice that Jest finally found himself paying a visit.

He made a point of making himself preventable, and had even gone so far as to not drink anything the night before. After all, he had an image to maintain in front of the youths.

The Academy was just as impressive as he had expected. He found Anvil in the library, studying academic papers on various dead languages of the Dream Realm and the reproductions of obscure runic engravings found in different parts of the world. Jest could not really imagine what for, but vaguely remembered seeing Warden doing the same.

"Hey, kid."

When he called with a smile, Anvil looked up, studied him for a few moments, and then nodded.

"Uncle Jest."

The greeting was not really unfriendly... but it wasn't too warm, either, a far cry from how

happily the boy had greeted him before, in the past. Jest hesitated for a moment, childishly hurt by that lackluster reaction.

Was it simply because they were not as close as they had been once, or was there a different reason?

Still maintaining a smile, Jest sat down and glanced at Anvil.

"Funny seeing you here. I went by the dojo first, and what would you know? Lo and behold, there was Immortal Flame's girl... ah, I'm supposed to call her Smile of Heaven now, aren't I? Bah, what a mouthful."

He grinned.

"Well, anyway. She was having a blast sparring with some guy... he's a menace with a sword, too. Weren't you two joined at the hip? How come you left her there alone?"

Anvil hesitated for a while, then shrugged.

"I don't need more sword practice."

Jest clicked his tongue and shook his head reproachfully.

"That's not what I am talking about, fool! Don't you know anything? If you are not fast on your feet, that guy is going to steal her right from under your nose!"

That finally elicited a reaction. Anvil looked up from the inscriptions he had been studying and looked at Jest, his cold grey eyes turning a little somber.

He held his gaze for a while, then turned away once more.

"If she finds someone who cares about her, then I will wish them all the best. Smile of Heaven is a dear friend of mine, so I'd be happy for her."

Jest scowled.

No, was there seriously something wrong with the kid?

Or was he simply a clumsy fool that had no idea how to treat a girl? That would not be surprising, either.

Honestly... it was a miracle that Anvil even existed. Both of Warden's sons resembled their father, and Jest still had no idea how that guy had managed to find a woman who could endure his insufferably stiff and serious personality, let alone convince her to marry him.

In any case, this was not a good time to discuss matters of the heart, and Jest wasn't the best person to have such a conversation with a teenage kid, anyway.

There were far more important things they had to talk about.

He lingered for a moment, then asked:

"So, how do you feel? The winter solstice is drawing near."

Anvil nodded.

"I am sufficiently confident. My preparations have been thorough."

Jest sighed.

"Well, true. You are quite strong for a Sleeper, and the Aspect you unsealed is very useful. Still, don't become complacent. Winter solstice is different from the First Nightmare — first of all, there is no guarantee that the Spell will send you anywhere near Bastion. Secondly, and most importantly, the Dream Realm is not tailored for you personally, like the Nightmare was. You might meet abominations that are simply too strong and terrible for you to face. Don't be shy and run away if you do."

Anvil studied him silently.

"I know, Uncle Jest."

He seemed strangely calm. Jest, however, was not.

The first journey to the Dream Realm resulted in far fewer casualties than the First Nightmare — but that was only because those who were weak had already been culled by the Spell's trial. In truth, countless Sleepers still failed to return from the Dream Realm alive.

Anvil was still in danger, and Jest, having already lost one child, was terrified to lose another.

But there was nothing he could really do for the boy.

Other parents, mentors, and relatives could bestow Memories or even precious Echoes on the Sleepers before the winter solstice, but Jest couldn't even do that. Because he did not, and could not, possess any.

So, he could only try to cheer Anvil up.

Jest smiled.

"You know-it-all. Can't you just pretend to listen to my sage advice? Let me tell you something... when your old man and I were young, there weren't even any human Citadels in the Dream Realm. We still managed to conquer one, so don't even think about failing to come back. I won't forgive you if you do, you hear me?"

Anvil smiled politely.

"I guess I can make an effort, Uncle Jest. I can't go around offending the elderly, can I?"

Jest laughed.

Finally, the kid seemed like a human again.

The moment of levity did not last long, though. Soon, the smile drained from young Anvil's eyes, and he stared at his inscriptions again.

After a few moments of silence, he suddenly asked:

"Uncle Jest... can one defeat their Flaw?"

Jest's own smile froze on his lips.

'Ah. So that is the reason.'

He remained silent for a few moments, then shrugged.

"Well... sort of? But not really. A Flaw is a Flaw, so no one can ever escape it. Doesn't mean we can't live with our Flaws. It all depends on the particular one you get, but usually... most Awakened suffer quite a lot at the beginning, but then gradually learn to work around theirs."

It was not something people usually talked about, but if Anvil couldn't share his worries with Jest, then who else was there?

Jest hesitated for a moment.

"For example. Do you know what my Flaw is?"

The kid gave him a strange look.

"That... I think everyone knows, Uncle Jest."

Jest nodded, a bit disappointed.

"Well, fair. I guess it's pretty obvious — after all, people are bound to make conclusions after knowing me for years. Where else would you find an Awakened who never uses Memories? Not being able to use Memories is a pretty bad Flaw... huh, what's with that expression?"

At some point, Anvil's eyes widened a little. Hearing the question, he hurriedly shook his head.

"No, no... you are right, Uncle Jest. That was... that was definitely my guess, as well."

Jest smiled bitterly.

These days, smiling did not come easy for him, but he was making an effort to help the boy feel calm.

"Figures. So, anyway — not being able to use Memories is a rather severe Flaw, but I've lived my entire life, won countless battles, and conquered the Second Nightmare despite it. I just had to teach myself how to rely on my cunning, skill, and strength instead. You see, kid, it is not that hard to learn how to deal with your Flaw... one way or another. However, you need to be able to do one thing to accomplish that feat."

Anvil looked at him for a while, his eyes growing strangely wistful.

"What thing?"

Jest chuckled.

"Ah, I guess it's... unconventional thinking? You need to be able to flip your perspective, and look at the problem without preconceived notions. You need to change the way you think. That way, you can find a solution even if it seems like there's none to find."

Anvil remained silent for a while, then repeated slowly:

"Change... the way I think."

Then, he did not say anything else.

Jest did not hurry him, either. However, eventually, he said cautiously:

"If you share exactly what your Flaw is... I might be able to give you better advice."

Somewhere far away, Cassie held her breath as she experienced the vivid memory.

She was so close...

Anvil lingered for a while, then smiled.

"Perhaps I will. After I return from the Dream Realm as an Awakened."

Jest laughed.

"You cheeky brat, I told you mine! And you are just going to leave me hanging? Well... good! Don't go around revealing your Flaw. Keep it a secret."

With that, the conversation ended.

After Anvil returned from the Dream Realm as an Awakened, things happened, and more things kept happening, delaying their next private conversation.

And on the day they did find a reason to speak about Flaws again...

Jest wished that they never had.




***
Chapter 2162: Shield of Humanity


***






Almost three years had passed since the Awakened Academy welcomed its first batch of the Second Generation Sleepers.

The world had settled a little. Humanity was still besieged from all sides in the Dream Realm, but no Citadel had been overrun in quite some time. The waking world was still plagued by the Nightmare Gates, but they did not pose an existential threat to mankind anymore.

For now.

Young Anvil had become a fearsome warrior and a widely admired champion among those who defended Bastion. Together with Madoc, who had conquered the First Nightmare a year after his younger brother, the sons of Warden now led the Knights of Valor into battles against the dreadful creatures of the hungry forest.

He also collaborated with his Academy companions, Broken Sword and Smile of Heaven, often — all three had gained quite a bit of fame, becoming known as the brightest stars of the new generation.

The power and prestige of both the Valor clan and the Immortal Flame clan continued to grow. The only other clan that could compete with them was the coalition of the prominent Awakened families united by Nightwalker, the House of Night.

The culture of the Legacy clans was swiftly being cemented. In fact, Jest had even found himself as the head of a clan of his own.

Considering that he did not have a fancy True Name, he just named it Dagonet as a joke.

Sadly, no one seemed to realize that it was a joke. So, people called him Master Jest of Clan Dagonet in all seriousness now.

That was a bit of a fiasco...

His one remaining son was fifteen now.

That was why Jest did not feel at ease, even though things seemed to be going fine.

Warden remained restless, as well.

One day, while visiting Bastion after joining the retainers of his clan on a patrol of the Mirror River, Jest found him in the underground chamber deep below the castle, gazing at the great mirror that stood there, surrounded by silence as it towered above the dark hall.

There were no reflections in the mirror, of course, since it was covered by canvas.

They had discovered this underground hall decades ago, when clearing the castle from the Nightmare Creatures populating it. The mirror had not been covered back then, and so, they glimpsed the sight of the harrowing realm within.

Many members of the initial group had perished as a result, and the mirror had mostly remained covered since then. It was only when Warden became an Ascended that he dared to venture into the mirror realm once more.

Jest was not quite sure what his friend had found there, but his already formidable powers seemed to have gained a considerable boost after that.

"Oh, no. You have that look on your face."

Warden turned and smiled after noticing Jest. After spending two decades side by side, the two of them had long become so used to each other that their relationship transcended mere friendship.

One could even say that still being able to tolerate Jest after all these years was one of Warden's most amazing feats...

In any case, he raised an eyebrow.

"What expression?"

Jest sighed.

"The 'I am about to stir trouble' expression."

Warden hesitated a bit, then nodded.

"Indeed."

He remained silent for a while, then sighed and turned his back to the covered mirror.

"Let's leave this dreary place."

Soon, they were in the main keep of Bastion, looking at the maps scattered on a large round table. Some of the maps depicted the Dream Realm, but most of them, surprisingly enough, showed the familiar continents of the waking world.

Warden stared at them bleakly.

"Those dots all represent Nightmare Gates — both active and those few we closed. The red one all appeared this year. The Category can be seen from the size of the dot — Category Three Gates are larger than the Category Two Gates, naturally."

He paused for a moment, then pointed to another map.

"That one is from before the Gate Crisis. Of course, the Obel Scale did not exist yet back then, so its accuracy is not too high. And speaking of the Obel Scale, now that it operates stably, the efficiency with which we can deal with the emerging Gates has increased by magnitudes. The world is at peace... as close to at peace as it realistically can be, at least."

Jest studied the maps for a while, then asked in a somber tone:

"You're not just studying the maps from before the Gate Crisis for fun, are you?"

Warden had lost his wife during the Gate Crisis, so it was a sensitive topic.

He shook his head.

"Of course not. I am trying to determine when the first Category Four Gate will open."

Jest scowled, feeling a heavy weight settle on his heart. After a while, despite already knowing the answer, he still asked the question:

"...So, are you planning to challenge the Third Nightmare?"

Warden did not try to deny it, and just nodded calmly.

"Of course, I am."

He looked at Jest, his steely grey eyes shining with a familiar, infectious determination.

"Immortal Flame became an Ascended nine years after the descent of the Nightmare Spell. Twelve years have passed since then, and humanity is yet to take the next step. How long do you think the Spell will continue to spare us? I don't think that it's going to be long at all."

When Warden looked back at the maps, his eyes suddenly dimmed, becoming weary and bleak.

"...It's a race, after all. This word we leave in. It's all one endless race with terrible stakes, one where you can't get ahead no matter how long you stay in the lead. That is why we don't just need to conquer the Third Nightmare — we have to conquer it. We must!"

Jest remained silent for a while, feeling a storm of emotions rage in his heart.

There were a lot of things he was feeling. But mostly, he felt scared.

Eventually, he chuckled.

"Ah... I see. So that is why you and my wife have been spending so much time together behind my back. Goodness gracious! I was this close to believing that you two are having an affair."

Warden coughed, then smiled subtly.

"What... what the hell are you talking about? An affair? Preposterous! We were merely conspiring to challenge a Nightmare while leaving you behind."

Jest clenched his fists.

Of course. Both he and his wife were members of the initial group that had conquered Bastion with Warden — two of his most loyal and powerful followers. Both of them were Masters, as well. And while Jest had played an integral role in building the world Warden had envisioned, his wife wielded a much more destructive Aspect.

So, it was not surprising that Warden would want her to be a part of his cohort once again.

It was also not surprising why he would choose to leave Jest behind, this time.

But, still.

Jest wanted to hear it from Warden's own mouth.

"Why?"

Warden sighed.

He leaned over the table, and then said quietly:

"Because you are not in the best shape? Because there is no telling how long the Third Nightmare will take, and your son is fifteen — so, at least one of his parents should be with him if the Spell calls. Because we spent so much time building this world, and I need to leave someone I trust behind to keep it all from falling apart while I am gone."

Warden paused for a while before adding:

"Because Anvil and Madoc have both grown up, but even though they are already Awakened, I still want someone to watch over them. This world is full of sharks, after all. And you are my best shark."

Jest remained silent for a long time.

There was a lot he wanted to say... a lot of bitter words that burned his tongue.

But in the end, he simply grinned.

"I think you are starting to show symptoms of dementia, old boy. I am not a shark. I am obviously a person."

Warden chuckled.

"Ha! This one... was actually funny."

Then, he froze for a moment and shook his head.

"No, wait. I actually laughed. Perhaps I am really suffering from dementia..."

Both of them laughed.

...Not long after that, Warden took a cohort of his most powerful warriors, including Jest's wife, to challenge the Third Nightmare.

However, this time, none of the had returned. That was how the legend of Warden of Valor, the brilliant shield that protected humanity, had come to an end.




***
Chapter 2163: Iron Heart


***






It was on a rainy day two years later that Jest found young Anvil in the same underground hall, gazing at the same ominous mirror with bleak eyes.

Beyond this dark and silent chamber, the young man was the valiant knight and hero of humanity, Sir Anvil of Valor — a warrior whose bravery was beyond reproach, whose feats boggled the mind, and whose voice carried weight no matter whom he spoke to.

For all intents and purposes, he was the ruler of Bastion and the leader of perhaps the most influential Legacy Clan in the world.

But here, he was just a boy in his early twenties... a boy who was now an orphan.

There was no real proof and no bodies for them to bury, but enough time had passed so that no one could deny it anymore.

His father, Warden of Valor, was dead. He had perished while trying to conquer the Third Nightmare.

And Jest was now a widower, as well. Ever since his wife entered the Seed of Nightmare, leaving Jest behind, all color had slowly drained from the world for him. By now, the world was mostly colorless.

There were only a few things that still seemed vibrant and vivid in its dreary expanse. One of them was his son. The other was the vermilion cloak Anvil now wore, which he had inherited from Warden.

That cloak was now like a beacon in the darkness of the underground chamber.

Jest approached the young man silently and gazed at the canvas covering the mirror. The clasps tightening it were unfastened, and a piece of the ancient frame could be seen.

He lingered for a moment, suddenly feeling uneasy.

"Have you been inside?"

Anvil nodded slowly.

"I went to explore. My father might not have mentioned it, but there are rare inscriptions left in the ruins on the other side. That was how we were able to master a bit of runic sorcery, in the beginning."

Jest frowned, wanting to say how dangerous the Other Side was. But Anvil knew. He probably knew it much better than Jest did, in fact, which was why he had gone alone without taking anyone else with him.

Jest sighed.

"You might not have heard, since you were here preparing for the wedding. But out there in the waking world, a few overly ambitious fools have hatched a little scheme and officially pronounced Warden dead. They are clamoring to depose your clan and take its place as the main seat of power. I handled them, of course... but I can't handle the side branches of your own family. Madoc's in-laws are stirring trouble, too. You need to either put them all in their places or, better yet, clean the house. Your fiancé is such a nice girl, so she deserves a peaceful honeymoon, right?"

Anvil remained silent for a while, then turned and looked at him indifferently.

The strange coldness that had first shown itself after his First Nightmare was back now, stronger than ever.

The young man studied Jest for a moment or two, then said evenly:

"Yes, I heard. That they pronounced him dead."

With that, he turned to the mirror again.

After a while, though, Anvil suddenly said:

"Uncle Jest... do you remember what you told me once? About how one should deal with their Flaw."

Jest hesitated a little, surprised by the question, then nodded.

"I talk a lot of nonsense, kid, but I do remember what I said. I stand by it."

Anvil lowered his head.

"These days, I often wonder... if my father died because of my Flaw."

Jest raised an eyebrow.

"How could he have died because of that? It's your Flaw, not his."

The young man slowly shook his head, then smiled bitterly.

"Is that so? Ah... but my Flaw, you see. Haven't I promised to tell you once?"

Anvil stared at the floor for a bit, then said quietly:

"It's that I must lose everything I cherish."

He sighed.

"I cherished my father, and now, I've lost him."

With that, he looked at Jest and smiled bitterly.

"I was too arrogant, Uncle Jest. I didn't listen to your advice at all. I tried to fight my Flaw, I tried to cheat it. But I never tried to change the way I thought about it."

The bitterness slowly drained from his smile, and the smile itself soon disappeared, too.

All that remained was cold, calm indifference. Anvil looked away.

"I see now. The answer was quite simple. It's not that I must let the things I cherish go... it's that I should not have cherished anything, to begin with. I must not treasure anything, or anyone. That way, I would not have to lose anything, or anyone, ever again. I'll be free of my Flaw."

Turning away from the mirror, Anvil looked at Jest evenly and said in a calm tone:

"Thank you for dealing with those jackals, Uncle Jest. I will handle the branch families. I will handle Madoc's in-laws, too. My fiancé is indeed a very nice girl. And she does, indeed, deserve a peaceful honeymoon."

With that, he nodded and left the underground chamber without looking back. Before his figure disappeared in the darkness, though, Anvil paused and added in the same calm, indifferent tone:

"Oh... I heard your son has Awakened. Please accept my heartfelt congratulations. I am sure he will make you proud."

Soon, Jest was left alone in the silent hall.

He felt strangely unsettled.

After a while, he let out a heavy sigh.

"Ah, that boy. He's so serious. What am I going to do with him?"

Anvil had boldly proclaimed that he would turn himself into an unfeeling machine in order to defeat his Flaw. However, it wasn't that easy to strange your own heart — he was still a human, after all.

Jest knew for a fact that Anvil would fail miserably despite his cold determination, and many times as well.

But then again, he was Warden's son. Perhaps he would manage, somehow.

Warden was gone, and Jest's wife was gone too. But their traces remained.

Their children remained.

And Jest was the only one left to take care of them. He had promised to.

So, he was going to do anything and everything he could to not let them down.

Glancing at the canvas covering the great mirror, Jest sighed.

"Mirror, mirror on the wall..."

Then, he shivered, frowned, and silently walked away.




***
Chapter 2164: Nothing to Lose


***






Cassie froze for a moment, having finally found what she had been looking for.

"The king's Flaw..."

And what a cruel Flaw it was. No wonder he seemed cold as steel...

It was not that Anvil was incapable of feeling emotions — he had simply taught himself not to. Since he was destined to lose anything he treasured, he replaced fondness and affection with indifference, thus saving himself, and those he was close to, from having to suffer the consequences of his Flaw.

His intentions had been good... noble, even, all those years ago.

But in the end, the path he had chosen only ended up turning him into a monster, twisting and destroying everything he touched. Because once he learned to value nothing, the tethers attaching him to his humanity had come undone. And, unmoored, his cold iron heart slowly drifted further and further away from all that was good and human.

Morgan and Mordret were the most obvious victims of Anvil's inhuman detachment. But there were countless other victims, as well...

Every soldier that perished in Godgrave, every civilian sacrificed to the Chain of Nightmares while the Great Clans waged an internal war, and everyone else who had become collateral damage to Anvil's callous pursuit of what he saw as the greater good.

...Broken Sword, the Immortal Flame clan. And Nephis, as well.

The road to hell was paved with good intentions, and in this case, the hell itself had been forged by a single decision made by a determined young man.

It would have been heartbreaking, really, if it wasn't so hideous and appalling.

Just as Cassie thought that, the lumbering figure of Jest suddenly leaned forward, and his lips stretched into a ferocious grin, revealing his monstrous teeth.

But he had not broken free of her gaze... at least not just yet.

Cassie did not have a lot of time left, though. Luckily, she had already gotten what she wanted.

So, Cassie considered ending things there to prevent further danger...

But just then, another constellation of memories attracted her attention.

It was so vivid and vibrant, but at the same time strangely unsettling. Like something that Jest desperately wanted to forget, but was unable to.

Cassie paused, suddenly feeling intrigued. At this point, she had seen most of his formative Memories. The descent of the Nightmare Spell, meeting Warden, the birth of his children, the death of his son, the loss of his wife and his best friend...

What else was there?

His Third Nightmare?

Even knowing better, she still couldn't resist and burned more essence to delve into the vibrant, unsettling memory.

It was strange, but the constellation of vivid memories had nothing to do with how Jest had become a Saint. Instead, it mostly took place in Bastion...

It had happened only a couple years after that fateful conversation in the Great Mirror hall.

Cassie frowned as she rushed through the kaleidoscope of foreign experiences, feeling her hold on Jest's mind become more and more tenuous.

***

Just as Anvil had promised, he put an end to the internal struggle in Bastion. Jest would have solved the problem by simply eradicating all the parasites — or at least some of them, to teach the rest a lesson. But the young heir of Valor went about consolidating his power in a less bloody, but arguably more ruthless way.

There were ways to break people without making them bleed, and he did not spare the members of his extended family at all. His coldness and decisiveness even made Jest feel a little chilly.

The boy had grown up and become a man... a frightening man, at that. Perhaps that was the only way that children born in the era of the Nightmare Spell could grow up.

'He is like... a colder, scarier version of Warden.'

Jest was a little concerned, and a little proud.

In the aftermath, the world continued to spin. The race Warden had mentioned went on, and with each month, humanity continued to lose some of the lead it had gained in the past.

Anvil cemented his position in Bastion, but although the power and prestige of Valor still meant a lot, the influence of his family was in decline. It was not easy for a young Awakened to contend against old monsters of the First Generation, especially since many of them were Masters now.

Many had perished the same way Warden had, though, and continued to lose their lives in the desperate pursuit of Transcendence. It was as though the great culling of the days before Immortal Flame conquered the Seed of Nightmare was transpiring once again, erasing more and more familiar faces from existence.

Every time Jest looked, someone else was gone.

In any case, for these reasons — and many others — Anvil was determined to challenge the Second Nightmare as soon as possible.

His preparations were swift, but thorough. He barely slept, spending all his time either training, forging, or studying the secrets of runic sorcery —Broken Sword might have been the deadliest warrior of their cohort, but it was Anvil who was responsible for equipping his companions with the best Memories and gear an Awakened could dream of.

He also frequently visited the forbidden realm hidden in the eerie mirror under Bastion, somehow managing to return alive each time. Every time Anvil returned from these perilous journeys, he would lock himself up in either the library or the forge, sometimes remaining there for weeks.

As time passed, he seemed to acquire a few odd quirks, too. It was not even the measured coldness and nonchalance he always displayed after that bitter conversation with Jest, but other, stranger things...

For example, one day, Anvil ordered to destroy every mirror in Bastion, and punished those who failed to comply with the order severely. He also seemed to have become an obsessive perfectionist, as if harboring a deep hatred of the very concept of Flaws.

But Jest wasn't too concerned. Everyone who was worth anything in this world was a little bit eccentric... he himself was known to have a strange habit or two. Like dressing too dashingly or never holding back his elevated, highly outstanding sense of humor.

As the date when Broken Sword and his cohort were planning to challenge the Second Nightmare approached, Anvil directed his attention to recruiting exceptional talents to join them.

Broken Sword, Smile of Heaven, and Anvil were already three of the most distinguished Awakened of their generation — or maybe even of all time. Not just anyone could stand side by side with them, however, he did manage to find two.

One was that girl from the western reaches of the Dream Realm, Ki Song...

It was also at that time that he brought a kid named Asterion to Bastion.

By then, Jest was well on his way to fifty, and a Master as well.

But still... the moment he saw that teenage boy, he somehow felt a strong and chilling sense of unease.




***
Chapter 2165: Dreamspawn


***






"I don't get it. I just don't... what are you thinking?"

Jest was dismayed.

The kid, Asterion, had seemed strange from the very beginning. The mere fact that Anvil, who was turning twenty-three soon, would recruit a youth who did not look older than sixteen to accompany him into the Nightmare made no sense.

Given his age, Asterion could not have Awakened years ago, and would therefore have no experience. Unknown, inexperienced, untested... someone like that should not have become a member of any cohort attempting to challenge the Second Nightmare, let alone one consisting of warriors of Anvil's caliber.

More than that, the kid simply gave Jest the creeps. He was perfectly pleasant and friendly, spending most of his time wandering the Citadel with a curious look on his face, but there was something about Asterion that seemed slightly... off.

As if he was not quite human, but merely a thing wearing human skin.

No one else seemed to notice, but Jest did. And so, he pressed Anvil for an explanation, even though that was not how they usually talked.

"Where did you find that guy? Who is he? Why do you want to take him into the Nightmare?"

Anvil simply stared at him indifferently, not showing any emotions.

Eventually, he shrugged.

"Since when do I need to justify my decisions to you, Ascended Jest?"

Jest let out a bewildered scoff.

"Wow. Ascended Jest, really?"

Anvil stared at him some more, then sighed.

"I want to take him into the Nightmare because he is worth it. As for the rest..."

When Jest heard the brief explanation, he did not know what to think, or how to feel.

It was a strange thing, to learn that an old enemy you had thought was gone forever suddenly appeared out of nowhere, alive and well.

"Path of Ascension? Those lunatics, really?"

The zealots of the Path of Ascension had disappeared decades ago... no, to be precise, they had disappeared around sixteen years ago, soon after Immortal Flame conquered the Second Nightmare.

Jest knew about their twisted beliefs, albeit not in detail. If he remembered correctly, they saw the Dream Realm as some sort of Promised Land, and the Spell as a divine guide meant to lead humanity — or at least a few chosen ones — out of the dying world where they had been born to find salvation.

Or some such nonsense.

As far as all the cults that had sprouted after the Nightmare Spell's descent went, this one was not the most malignant. The zealots of the Path of Ascension mostly kept to themselves, maintaining peace with the mainstream factions as long as they were left alone.

If there was one thing that separated them from the crowd, it was that the core of their cult consisted of genuine powerhouses — those who stood out among the Awakened of the First Generation, no different from people like Warden or Nightwalker. It was why Warden had often felt regretful about not being able to bring them into the fold due to how strange and extreme their views were.

In the end, however, the Path of Ascension cult had become a ghost on the pages of history, just like all the other cults. The men and women comprising it had just disappeared one day, never to be seen again.

To think that those lunatics had actually managed to establish a colony in the Dream Realm. Not only that, but they had even raised a child here...

"Lunatics!"

They were all dead now, though... according to Asterion, at least — the very child who had been born and raised in the Dream Realm by the powerful zealots, and the only survivor of the first human colony established in its wild expanse.

"How did that even work?"

Had Asterion been infected by the Nightmare Spell here? Did he undergo the First Nightmare? What about the winter solstice, what happened to him when he was supposed to fall asleep and be sent to a random spot in the Dream Realm?

Anvil shook his head.

"Nothing happened to him on the winter solstice. He conquered the First Nightmare just like anyone else would, then Awakened immediately after anchoring his soul to a Citadel. In any case, you don't need to worry about Asterion. He might have come from a fringe cult, but he is not a zealot himself. In fact, unlike his parents and guardians, he is quite interested in the waking world. Granted... some of the notions he has and views he holds are a bit strange. What else would you expect, considering his upbringing? But what really matters is the power he holds."

He looked at Jest somberly.

"Unlike what you think, that young man is not inexperienced. He has more knowledge and experience than any of us, in fact, having spent his whole life in the Dream Realm. His Aspect is also exceedingly formidable. He will be useful to me in the Nightmare — no one else can compare."

Jest remained silent for a while, then shook his head.

"How do you know that you can trust him? Need I remind you that your companions can be just as dangerous as the phantoms of the Spell in the Nightmare? There are many Masters out there who experienced strife and betrayal after entering the Seed... and that's just those who have nothing to hide and talk about their trials freely. Those who keep silent could very well have been the betrayers."

Anvil shook his head again.

"You don't have to worry about that. Asterion and I have a deal — and he is very particular about deals. So, he won't betray me."

Jest frowned.

"What kind of deal?"

Anvil glanced at him coldly.

"I will help him find a way to enter the waking world after he helps me become a Master. Nothing more, nothing less. So, are we done here, or do you want to interrogate me some more?"

Jest remained silent for a while, feeling unhappy, then waved a hand.

"Well, whatever. Do what you want. I'll keep an eye on him while he's here in Bastion, though... deal or not, that kid is dangerous. I can feel it."

Anvil chuckled, surprising Jest — these days, it was rare to see the young man displaying emotions.

He nodded.

"Indeed. I know he is dangerous. That is why I need him."




***
Chapter 2166: The Returned


***






Eventually, the five Awakened — Broken Sword, Smile of Heaven, Ki Song, Asterion, and Anvil of Valor — had left to challenge the Second Nightmare.

Jest would lie if he said that he wasn't worried. But, at the same time, he was strangely not too worried.

That was because he knew each of them well... except for the kid, Asterion, of course. If those five could not conquer the Nightmare, then no one could.

Coincidentally — or perhaps intentionally — the Seed they challenged was the same where his wife and Warden had perished. So, he felt both melancholy and vengeful excitement while waiting for their return.

Jest was quite busy in the meantime, himself. Now that the young lord of Bastion was gone, Madoc had temporarily assumed control over Clan Valor, and although his loyalty to Anvil was not in question, he still needed help to keep the other Legacy Clans in check.

Anvil's young wife, Gwyn, also needed support and protection. So, Jest — a powerful Ascended whose mere presence could solve many problems — had left Rivergate in the hands of his son and temporarily relocated to Bastion.

Things went smoothly at first...

But then, two months after Anvil had entered the Seed, Jest woke up from the sound of furtive footsteps approaching his bedchamber.

He looked at the door coldly and grasped the hilt of the dagger that lay beneath his pillow. Then, however, he relaxed after hearing a quiet knock... his hearing was sharp enough to recognize who it was knocking on his door late at night, anyway.

Letting out a quiet sigh, Jest got up, put on a robe, and went to the door.

There, young Lady Gwyn was standing, pale as a ghost and wearing an enchanted nightgown. The dim light of a lantern Memory illuminated her youthful figure and lovely features.

Jest coughed.

"Ah... Lady Gwyn... its not that I don't appreciate the thought, but I'm afraid I must decline..."

The young woman looked at him in confusion, prompting Jest to sigh.

"Indeed! I am quite dashing. However, I am old enough to be your father, and your husband is almost like a son to me! Something like that... would be highly inappropriate..."

Her eyes widened.

"W—what... I am not..."

Jest laughed.

"Bah! It's a joke, a joke, girl! What happened?"

Alas, Anvil's wife seemed to lack a sense of humor, too.

After staring at him for a few moments, she took a deep breath and said in a small voice:

"It's... it's Vale. He's back."

Vale was a nickname that Smile of Heaven had given Anvil when they were kids. It had stuck to him ever since, so...

'Wait. He's back?!'

Jest studied the girl's face somberly, then asked in a low voice:

"You don't seem too excited, Lady Gwyn."

She shook her head slowly.

"Something... something seems to be wrong. He doesn't have any wounds, but he's... something is wrong, Master Jest! M—madoc... Madoc told me to bring you."

Jest's expression darkened.

He remained silent for a few moments, then asked:

"Who else knows?"

If there was something wrong with Anvil... his thoughts raced. They would have to prevent the news from leaking out before anything else.

The girl took a shaky breath, trying to calm herself.

"It's just me, Madoc... and two Awakened guards who were keeping watch over the Gateway."

Jest nodded.

The guards were retainers of Clan Valor, Squires who hoped to become Knights some day. They were loyal, but human loyalty was often fleeting. He did not know whether they would need to be silenced, yet, or merely contained for a while. In any case, Madoc was wise to call him.

"If you would give me a moment to put some clothes on."

Unlike the young and pretty Lady Gwyn, Jest was too old to walk around in his pajamas.

Soon, they quietly arrived into the throne room of Bastion, where the Gateway was located. It was the throne that stood on a tall dais, with two enormous pillars rising from behind it... the pillars were almost identical to the frame of the Great Mirror that was located deep underground, directly below the throne room.

Whether it was a coincidence or not, Jest did not know.

The two Squires were keeping watch at the door, while inside, Madoc was standing in front of the dais. A familiar figure was sitting on the steps leading up to the throne, wrapped in the cloak that Madoc had taken off.

Beneath it, Anvil seemed to be naked.

When Jest and young Gwyn approached, he looked up and stared at them with cloudy, hollow eyes.

There was no will or intelligence in those eyes, just a deep and eerie nothingness... as though Anvil was not quite awake, but merely sleepwalking.

Jest saw his own pale reflection in those glassy eyes, and felt his heart skipping a beat.

'No, no... what happened? Nothing was supposed to happen!'

A familiar, dark sense of futility raised its ugly head in his heart again, but before he was overwhelmed by a panic, some semblance of life suddenly returned to Anvil's eyes.

The young man smiled warmly.

"Uncle Jest..."

Jest had grown so accustomed to only ever seeing cold indifference in Anvil's eyes that this sudden burst of genuine warmth left him stunned. It was just like how the boy had smiled at him as a child.

The sight of Anvil smiling brightly was so out of place that Jest even considered if Immortal Flame's daughter, Smile of Heaven, had stolen his body.

The girl's Dormant Ability allowed her soul to wander freely, exploring the world as a bright spirit. She could also occupy and animate objects... as far as Jest knew, Smile of Heaven had never displaced someone's soul to take over their body, but that did not mean that she couldn't.

However, a moment later, his crazy suspicion disappeared.

That was because Anvil raised a hand, causing Jest's dagger to float from its sheath and land on his palm. After studying it for a moment, the young man frowned.

"...Imperfect."

Even if someone had taken control of Anvil's body, they wouldn't be able to use his Aspect.

And neither would they display the same loathing of flawed things.

Anvil was indeed back.

But... why was he in this strange state?

And where were the other members of his cohort? Broken Sword, Smile of Heaven, Ki Song?

Asterion?

Jest glanced at Madoc, and they both frowned.

Something... was indeed wrong.




***
Chapter 2167: C2-167


***






Anvil was fine, at least physically.

However, his entire personality seemed to have changed — or have regressed, at least. He seemed not quite there, yet. He didn't look dazed or confused, but rather... blank.

As if the very thing that made him who he was had been if not erased, then at least lost.

At the same time, from time to time, he displayed glimpses of his usual self — enough so to convince Jest, Madoc, and young lady Gwyn that he was truly and unmistakably Anvil of Valor, the ruler of Bastion.

It was because of the small, subtle details that only those who knew him well would recognize. The small peculiarities of his speech, the rigid set of his shoulders, the way he smiled in a reserved, but confident manner — it was all perfectly familiar, even in this strange and concerning state.

There were more and more of these glimpses with each minute, as well, as if Anvil was slowly remembering his previous self. That gave them hope that he would recover eventually.

For how, however...

The most disturbing change was how warm and soft Anvil seemed, stripped of his impenetrable armor of cold indifference. For Jest and Madoc, it was as if he had reverted to his personality from before becoming a carrier of the Nightmare Spell. For Gwyn, who had only ever known him as an Awakened, it was an entirely new side of her usually stern and aloof husband.

But... there was also something subtle and eerie about Anvil now. Jest couldn't quite put his finger on what it was, but he felt strangely uneasy in his presence.

Well, of course he did. The clan leader of Valor, one of the most powerful men in the world, was currently no different from a child.

