Warden had once told Jest that the world was full of sharks, and Anvil being in this uncanny state was no different from spilling blood into the water. All of them would not miss a chance to rip out a chunk of flesh if news about his condition spread.

Whatever the hell his condition was.

They would have to figure that out later. First, Jest needed to contain the spread of information.

As if that was even possible!

The mere idea of keeping Anvil's return under wraps made his head hurt. There were so many things to consider...

Jest suppressed a groan and looked at Anvil once again.

The boy was smiling while Gwyn was kneeling in front of him, saying something softly.

Shaking his head, Jest looked at Madoc.

"We will need to move fast. But also cautiously."

Luckily, Warden's older son was no fool. In fact, he was a remarkable young man in his own right — an exceptional talent, even. It was just that his excellence was always outshined by Anvil's monstrous talent.

In any case, he was someone Jest could rely on to handle things... but not all things, and especially not those that demanded a delicate approach.

For example, while there were only two Squires who had witnessed Anvil's strange state here in Bastion, there was no saying what was currently happening in the waking world. He should have awoken in his sleeping pod in Valor's compound in NQSC, after all, before using his new ability to enter the Dream Realm of his own volition to come to Bastion.

His sleeping pod was now empty, and many people would have been alerted that the clan leader had disappeared. Someone had to make sure that none of them talked, either — in theory, Madoc was the perfect candidate to do just that, since his own sleeping pod was mere dozens of meters away.

But it was not that simple.

Because Anvil had not challenged the Nightmare alone.

His companions would have returned, too... or would have perished inside the Seed. If it was the latter, then their bodies had already turned into corpses by now — in the best case. Alternatively, they could have become Hollow.

So, someone had to negotiate with the Immortal Flame clan. There was also the Song clan, which could not compare to the family of Broken Sword and Smile of Heaven, but was only more unpredictable as a result. Luckily, Asterion was an orphan of a destroyed cult... he was borrowing a sleeping pod in the compound of Clan Valor, so at least that was not a concern.

There were other forces in play, too.

The situation was unknown and unpredictable, so Madoc would not be able to handle everything on his own.

Jest sighed, the gears of his mind spinning. Eventually, he looked at Madoc.

"You stay here and make sure that no one... and I mean no one... in Bastion learns of what happened yet. Also, make sure that those who did learn do not speak about it."

Madoc glanced in the direction of where the two Squires stood behind the door, then nodded. Those two would keep their lives if they were loyal and smart, or die if they weren't.

Next, Jest looked at Gwyn and hesitated for a few moments.

He still felt a little uneasy.

Eventually, though, he spoke:

"My lady, please take care of Anvil until I return. Hide him in your quarters and stay with him... don't let anyone else enter. This is a sensitive situation, and we must protect him until we know more about what happened."

The young woman looked at him, then nodded hesitantly.

Jest rubbed his eyes.

"…I'll return to the waking world and handle matters there. It should not take me more than a day or two. I'll return with the news."

With that, he looked at Anvil one last time and smiled.

"And you. Be sure to get better by the time I'm back, brat. Don't make me worry."

Jest lingered for a few moments, then grimaced and walked toward the dais. Putting his hand on one of the steps leading up to the throne, he activated the Gateway.

...A few moments later, Jest found himself in the foyer of the Dagonet estate in NQSC. He sighed, looked around, then entered a security code and accessed the elevator.

Descending deep underground, he briefly checked on his son — the boy was resting peacefully in the sleeping pod — and then proceeded to the security center of the estate.

There, he activated a few precautionary measures and dialed a certain number on his communicator.

Considering that it was the dead of night, it took the person on the other end of the call a while to pick up.

Eventually, though, an unpleasant voice resounded from the communicator:

"I swear to the dead gods, Jest... if this is some kind of prank..."

Jest forced out a smile.

"No, no. How have you been, Ruin?"

Master Wake of Ruin — another remnant of the First Generation and the pillar of the government — ground his teeth. The two of them were not exactly on friendly terms, but they knew each other well, having worked together on establishing the current world order.

"Apart from being woken up in the middle of the night? I'm fine. What do you want?"

Jest had about a dozen jokes ready to fly out of his mouth, but he held himself back.

He needed Ruin's help.

Since Anvil was back, the Seed of Nightmare was conquered. Which meant that the corresponding Nightmare Gate would have closed in the waking world.

The government monitored all known Gates, so that was another point from where the information could leak — and the largest one, at that.

So, Jest just said neutrally:

"I need a favor. Gate C2-167 should have closed earlier today. I want you to keep that fact hidden for a while."

There was silence on the other side of the call. Jest waited for a while.

"Hello? Did you hear me?"

Eventually, Wake of Ruin answered.

His response, however, was not at all what Jest had expected.

His old colleague said angrily:

"What the hell are you talking about? Bastard, are you drunk again?"

While Jest was considering what to say, confused by the intense reaction, Wake of Ruin added:

"Gate C2-167 is wide open! It has never closed. Do you think I would have been sleeping if it did?"




***
Chapter 2168: Sense of Alarm


***






A bit later, Jest finished the call and put his communicator down, then stared at the wall with a dazed expression.

Wake of Ruin was not mistaken. Very few people knew which Seed of Nightmare Broken Sword and his cohort had challenged, not to mention which Gate was connected to it — this was the kind of information Legacy Clans usually kept to themselves.

But Wake of Ruin was one of the pillars of the government, so he knew. That was why he had been secretly monitoring Gate C2-167, knowing that any change in its condition — or lack thereof, after a certain time — would have an effect on the entire world, one way or another.

Because of who had challenged that Nightmare.

So, he would have known if the Gate suddenly closed. Jest was not satisfied with just that, though, so he forced the man to check right there and then — Wake of Ruin could gain access to the telemetry of the Obel Scale faster than he could, so it only took ten minutes.

There was no doubt. The Gate was still open.

Which meant...

Jest had no idea what that meant. It did not make any sense.

Had the Nightmare not been conquered? Had its Seed not been destroyed despite the Nightmare being conquered? Was Anvil's strange state somehow connected to that anomaly?

How was Anvil back?

Jest raised a hand and rubbed his temple.

"What the hell is happening?"

He hesitated for a while, then dialed another number.

He had to be discreet about the questions he asked and the people he talked to, so it took some time, but eventually, it became clear that neither the Immortal Flame clan nor the Song clan were showing any unusual movements.

Which meant that nothing had happened to Broken Sword, Smile of Heaven, or Ki Song. They had neither awoken nor perished.

Short of contacting Immortal Flame himself, Jest was not going to get a more concrete confirmation.

Which... he could do, theoretically.

However, there was an easier way to gain clarity. Frowning, Jest left the underground portion of the Dagonet estate and proceeded to the garage. Soon, he was driving a luxurious PTV across the streets of NQSC, struggling to keep himself from speeding recklessly.

The subtle sense of unease he had been feeling in Bastion had grown stronger, turning into alarm.

'What is going on?'

What was it?

He should have been celebrating and drinking expensive wine now that Anvil had returned unscathed, but instead, he was feeling like something terrible happened.

Was happening.

Like he had made a mistake.

It seemed like the world itself was against him. His communicator made a grating sound as Jest was driving, announcing that a Nightmare Gate would soon open nearby. As a result, the streets ahead turned impassable due to the evacuation procedures. Government vehicles blocked the roads, and he had to take a long detour to arrive at his destination.

Which was Clan Valor's compound.

Jest used to live relatively close to their headquarters in NQSC, but after losing his son, his family moved away. So, it had taken him quite some time to reach the heart of the city. By the time his PTV stopped in front of the heavily defended gates, it was already early morning.

Gaining entry inside the compound, however, was relatively quick. Soon, he was already walking to the main building.

"Master Jest! You are visiting us at a peculiar time. May I be of assistance?"

He stared at the butler, Sebastian — one of Warden's original followers, just like Jest himself was. He, too, had been left behind when Warden challenged the Third Nightmare.

It was fortunate to meet him instead of a member of the extended Valor family. Jest trusted the guy much more than he did those people.

His suspicions were already confirmed by how nonchalant the butler looked, and how peaceful the compound seemed.

But he still needed to check.

Jest leaned forward a little.

"Sebastian... take me to see the young lord."

The butler studied him silently.

Awakened were exceedingly vulnerable while they slept, so the sleeping pods of Legacies were guarded with extreme caution. Jest was one of the most loyal subjects of Valor... but he was also a notorious killer.

If he chose to betray the family of his late friend and benefactor, giving him access to Anvil's sleeping pod would be a fatal mistake.

Nevertheless, the butler nodded eventually.

"Follow me."

The two of them proceed past several security checks, descending deep underground. The vault of Clan Dagonet was quite formidable, but it could not even compare to the security measures of the Valor compound. Jest doubted that even a Titan could break through these defenses easily.

Then again, the hungry forest that had been besieging Bastion for two and a half decades could even destroy the ancient Citadel if not for the efforts of its defenders. So, a real Titan would probably crack this shell of enchanted alloy in a matter of days, if not hours.

Eventually, they reached the most heavily defended floor. Here, the sleeping pods of the direct descendants of the Valor clan — Anvil and Madoc — were located.

Even their wives slept on a different floor when visiting the Dream Realm.

However, at the moment, there was a third occupant here. The kid, Asterion, was taking up one of the rooms.

The butler entered several security codes to proceed into the depths of the fortified level. They also had to stay in place while undergoing several scans, both mundane and magical.

In the end, however, Jest finally found himself in front of a heavy steel door.

It opened slowly, and he walked inside.

There, an iron sarcophagus stood on a low platform, shimmering in the darkness. It was Anvil's sleeping pod — one he had entered before setting out to conquer the Nightmare.

Jest felt his heart beating rapidly as he approached the sarcophagus and looked through the narrow window on its lid.

Then, he took a shaky breath.

The sleeping pod... was not empty.

Anvil was laying inside, sleeping peacefully. He was right there.

Jest staggered back, deeply stunned.

'What... what the...'

Everything, including his own two eyes, was pointing to the fact that Broken Sword's cohort was still in the depths of the Nightmare.

Anvil was still in the Nightmare, as well.

And if he was there...

Then who the hell was currently in Bastion?

Jest suddenly felt cold sweat rolling down his back.

Who was in Bastion...

Or what was?




***
Chapter 2169: The Anomaly


***






Jest did not know what to do.

A person like him, who had survived the end of the world and lived long enough to see a new one emerge from the ruins, could usually maintain composure no matter the circumstances.

All kinds of unexplainable things were possible now that the Nightmare Spell ruled the world, and Jest had experienced more than a fair share of bizarre encounters. He had braved the wild reaches of the Dream Realm and the mournful desolation of the waking world, spending decades fighting harrowing monsters — humans and Nightmare Creatures alike.

And yet, at that moment, he felt utterly lost.

'It doesn't make any sense...'

Hiding his shock, he accessed a special panel on the sleeping pod and studied Anvil's vital signs. Everything seemed to be in order — he was perfectly healthy. His body was, at least.

His soul, though, was not inside its mortal vessel at the moment. It was somewhere far away, in the depths of a Nightmare...

It was supposed to be.

Could it be that the boy had somehow escaped the Seed without conquering it? When Awakened slept, their souls traveled to the Dream Realm, where they were manifested as spiritual bodies. In the process of Ascension, the physical and the spiritual bodies fused, making one a Master.

Jest assumed that Anvil had conquered the Second Nightmare and Ascended. If he had not, however, then his physical and spiritual bodies would still be separated.

The physical body was right here.

The spiritual body... would appear near the Gateway where his soul was anchored.

Which was the throne room of Bastion.

Jest covered his face with a hand for a moment.

Was the man they had found there really Anvil?

Or was it an impostor?

He was unsure. And uneasy.

He was afraid.

Taking a deep breath, Jest turned to the butler and said hoarsely:

"Sebastian... gather the Knights and station them here. Tell them to be ready for battle."

The butler raised an eyebrow.

"Are you expecting an attack?"

Jest wanted to shake his head, but stopped himself. Eventually, he shrugged with a sigh.

"I don't know yet. You have to keep it quiet, though. The less people know, the better."

He hesitated for a moment, and added:

"This concerns the safety of the main family."

Sebastian inhaled sharply, then nodded.

With that, Jest left a tether near the sleeping pod, then reached into his soul and pulled on his anchor, traveling back to the Dream Realm.

The throne room was empty. Time in Bastion was somewhat similar to that in NQSC, so it was early dawn. The first rays of sunlight were already pouring through the tall windows, which meant that the Gateway would have visitors soon.

Few Awakened stayed in the Dream Realm for prolonged periods of time, preferring to return to the waking world as soon as they could. The main keep was locked at night, which meant that those who needed to use the Gateway would start arriving before too long.

There was a noise from just beyond the door. Jest pursed his lips, then walked there with silent steps.

Madoc was kneeling in front of the gates, using a rag and a bucket of water to wash the stone floor. It was a rare sight, to see a prince of Valor performing such a mundane chore with his own two hands — so much so that Jest was taken aback for a moment.

But then, noticing drops of blood on the stone plates, he understood the situation. It seemed that at least one of the squires had proven to be unreliable, and due to the need for secrecy, Madoc could not very well summon a servant to clean up the resulting mess. It seemed like both of them had had a busy night.

The grim nature of it all made Jest want to tell a joke.

He swallowed a laugh.

Madoc looked at him from below with no amusement whatsoever in his eyes.

"Uncle Jest... you are back. What news do you bring?"

Jest hesitated for a moment.

'How do I even explain it?'

He knew the main keep of Bastion like his own backyard, but at the moment, the twilight of its silent halls felt eerie and ominous.

...Come to think of it, Jest did not know his backyard too well. He had never bothered to spend much time there after purchasing the current estate of the Dagonet clan.

He gritted his teeth.

"We need to find Gwyn soon. She... might be in danger. Come, hurry. I'll explain on the way."

Madoc's expression changed, and he pushed the bucket of bloody water away. By the time he stood up, he was already summoning a combat Memory.

The two made their way to Anvil's chambers both quietly and hastily. It was at a moment like this that Jest cursed how grand and labyrinthine Bastion was... with every step he took, his unease and alarm continued to grow.

He was the one who had sent Gwyn away with the... whoever or whatever it was that had appeared in the throne room of Bastion in the middle of the night. Everything that was going to happen from this point on, or had already happened, would be his responsibility.

So, he mentally prepared himself for the worst.

But, to his surprise...

When they finally arrived at the chambers Gwyn and Anvil shared, the situation inside was perfectly peaceful.

Anvil, now properly clothed, was sitting at a table and studying the plates of food in front of him curiously. Young Gwyn looked a little tired, but otherwise fine, pouring him a cup of fragrant tea.

She seemed relieved, even, a tentative smile illuminating her face when she looked at her husband... who she thought had finally returned from the Nightmare alive.

When they entered, both Anvil and Gwyn turned to look at them.

Jest froze.

Suddenly, he realized that he had actually hoped that there would be horror and carnage by the time he came back.

Because then, he would at least know what to do. He knew how to fight and kill best, after all.

Standing by his side, Madoc tensed and asked quietly:

"Should we... attack?"

They could try to kill the anomaly. That was the safest choice.

But what if it was Anvil, after all, brought back from the Nightmare by some strange whim of the Spell? Wouldn't Madoc be killing his own brother, and wouldn't Jest be killing his friend's son?

Death was something that could not be taken back.

If it wasn't Anvil, though...

Could they even kill whatever it was that had taken his form? Or would they just be provoking something so sinister and terrible that none of them stood a chance against its malice?

Jest remained silent for a few moments, wishing for nothing more than to let loose and answer with a brilliant joke, like he usually did.

In the end, however, he simply shook his head.

"Let's take him to the waking world."




***
Chapter 2170: Two Princes


***






Jest was facing a dilemma, and one that did not have an obvious answer.

He did not know whether the young man in front of him was truly Anvil of Valor. He could not risk killing him before finding out the truth, either...

And there was no sure way to find the truth.

So, he could only try his best in the absence of a reliable solution.

The only reasonable theory Jest had at the moment was that Anvil was somehow expelled from the Seed without conquering the Nightmare. So, he was still an Awakened. His physical and spiritual bodies had not yet fused as a result —one was in the waking world, and one was here in Bastion.

Therefore...

If the young man was indeed Anvil, bringing him back to the waking world would result in the physical body awakening inside the sleeping pod. That would prove his identity.

If Anvil's physical body remained asleep... that would give them more information, too.

It was not a great plan, but it was at least something.

So, that was what they did.

After telling Gwyn the truth, they hurried to bring Anvil back to the throne room, arriving there just before the first Awakened started to enter the main keep. The young man did not resist — he showed a cold and disdainful expression when being ordered to follow, but responded well to being cajoled by Gwyn.

That was in line with how Anvil would have behaved in his usual state. None of them had the right to order him around, after all, but he would usually easily agree to their requests.

The young man... the thing... was eerily similar to Anvil that Jest knew. It was to the point that he had to keep reminding himself that there was a possibility that the person he was looking at could turn out to be an impostor.

Was there even an impostor in the world who could act out the very essence of another person so faithfully?

It was unlikely. And yet, Jest could not shake off the subtle sense of discomfort — repulsion, even — he felt near this supposed Anvil. Madoc and Gwyn did not seem to feel the same fear, but they also did not possess instincts as sharp as his.

'Damn it... I don't know.'

Jest departed first, using the tether he had left in the compound of Clan Valor to return to the underground chamber. There, he was instantly surrounded by the Knights of Valor.

There was no telling what would happen next, and if it would even transpire near Anvil's sleeping pod. But it was better to be safe than sorry.

A few moments passed in tense silence. Jest stared at Anvil's sleeping form, waiting — praying — that he would open his eyes.

But instead, a minute or two later, it was Madoc who broke the silence, arriving from his own sleeping chamber in a hurry.

The older of Warden's sons looked at the sleeping pod. Then, his eyes widened.

"Gwyn and... and the other... they left before me."

Cursing, Jest rushed out of the room.

'Damn Valor brats! Who asked them to keep the sleeping pods of their wives on another floor?! The heartless bastards!'

Granted, this compound had been built back when both Madoc and Anvil were still little kids... but still!

There was apparently space here for that creepy kid, Asterion, so why not Gwyn?!

It took him a few minutes more to arrive at the floor where the sleeping pods of the immediate family were located. Just when Jest was leaving the elevator, he heard a strange noise coming from behind the armored door leading to Gwyn's sleeping chamber.

Instead of waiting for someone to enter the code, he simply tore through the reinforced alloy with bare hands and dashed inside.

Gwyn was standing in the corner, having just left the sleeping pod.

And in front of it...

Was Anvil, dressed just like he had been in the Dream Realm. Which did not make any sense, since only Ascended could carry physical items on them between the two worlds.

Hearing the deafening noise of an alloy door being torn apart, the young man turned around and looked at Jest.

Then, he raised his eyebrow.

"Uncle Jest... why are you breaking down the door to my wife's sleeping chamber?"

The young man stared at him for a few moments...

And smiled.

The smile was bright and friendly, but for some reason, it made Jest shudder.

For once in his lifetime, he had no comeback at all.

***

Things had gotten... strange, after that. Somehow, there were two Anvil's in existence.

One was sleeping in an iron sarcophagus deep below the manor of Clan Valor.

The other was up and about, albeit seemingly suffering from severe amnesia.

No one really knew how that had come to be, and who — or what — the second Anvil was. His existence could not be disclosed, either, and so, the young man was locked on one of the underground floors of the estate.

He was made comfortable there, of course... but he was still no different from a prisoner. Imprisoning the head of the Valor family was an act of treason, but considering how strange and uncanny the entire situation was, it seemed like they had no other choice.

Jest, Madoc, and Gwyn took turns taking care of the second Anvil — at first, they were on guard against him, but after a few days passed, their vigilance gradually lessened. The young man acted a bit odd, but was generally agreeable and easy to deal with, as long as they treated him nicely.

If anything, he was much more pleasant and easygoing than the original Anvil had been... charming, even.

So, everything was somewhat fine, on that front.

At the same time, trouble was brewing in the Valor clan, where many saw the sudden situation as an opportunity for a power grab.

A few strange and frightening events had transpired in Bastion and in the compound of Clan Valor in NQSC, as well, and as a result, Jest and Madoc were suddenly extremely busy dealing with both problems.

While the situation on the underground level where the anomaly was kept remained calm and peaceful, the atmosphere in the manor itself had become tense and eerie.

Jest felt like he was slowly losing control.

That tension only continued to rise for a week or two...

Until, one day, everything changed.

That was because, on that day, Nightmare Gate C2-167 suddenly disappeared, and Anvil of Valor —the original one — slowly opened his eyes inside the sleeping pod.




***
Chapter 2171: The Return of the King


***






Although the Valor compound seemed the same on the surface — apart from the retainers and mundane workers employed by the clan being strangely subdued and on edge — the situation underground was different.

The level where Anvil... the anomaly... was kept remained quiet and peaceful. Very few people were allowed access there, and usually, it was just young Lady Gwyn and a few loyal Knights keeping guard.

However, the levels above and below the temporary containment floor were different.

There, dozens of Knights were gathered, waiting for something to happen in tense anticipation. Not all of them even knew what it was that they were here for, since the existence of the anomaly was still being kept secret. They had just been told to be prepared for anything.

Pulling so many powerful warriors away from their duties was stretching the resources of Clan Valor thin, but there was nothing Jest or Madoc could do about it.

Currently, Madoc was in Bastion, holding down the fort.

Jest was here, dealing with the powerful figures of the human world.

Even though he had done everything in his power to prevent the news from leaking, it was impossible to stop it completely. Therefore, there were strange rumors going around the Legacy clans about the Valor family. Most people just treated these rumors as idle entertainment, but those who held actual influence were stirring.

After all, there was no fire without smoke.

So, Jest had spent the entire day talking to old acquaintances and lying through his teeth.

Everything was fine.

Nothing had happened.

There would not be a new ruler in Bastion.

Things were under control.

...But things were definitely not under control. In fact, things were getting more and more out of control. Both here and in Bastion, eerie and unexplainable events kept happening, and while no one had perished, it was only a matter of time.

Because in the world of the Nightmare Spell, sinister signs always led to disaster.

Jest was not naive enough to expect anything less.

'Ah... I'm regretting getting rid of all those cults now. It feels like we need an exorcist...'

He was currently in a small room under the Valor compound, reclining in an office chair tiredly. The video walls were turned off, plunging the room into darkness. The only source of light were the screens in front of him, which bathed him in pale light.

One of the screens displayed the security feed from the level where Gwyn was watching over the anomaly. Currently, she was reading him a book —the young man seemed quite content, listening to her voice curiously. If one did not know the truth, they would have looked like a happy married couple.

On the second screen, the reports and papers that Clan Valor had quietly commissioned from various researchers and specialists were displayed. Jest had been reading through them slowly, trying to find some sort of explanation for the current situation.

Sadly, they were proving to be useless, for now —he had learned about all kinds of Aspects that could create an illusion of a person, Nightmare Creatures that could mimic human behavior, and mysterious locations where bizarre occurrences had been documented to happen for naught.

The anomaly had passed every test they had come up with based on this research. The new Anvil was not an impostor using a rare Aspect to fool them, a Nightmare Creature, or a Dream Realm phantom. For all intents and purposes, the young man was Anvil of Valor in the flesh.

...The third screen displayed the Obel Scale telemetry, as well as the reading from Anvil's sleeping pod.

Jest rubbed his eyes tiredly, and then turned back to the research papers. The human domain in the Dream Realm was relatively small at the moment... but far north, beyond the impregnable mountain chain serving as the boundary of the eastern human enclaves, an even more fearsome mountain range was rumored to be located.

According to reports, those mountains were perpetually shrouded in mist, and that mist displayed strange and terrifying properties...

As Jest read the exploration paper, written by some audacious guy named Julius, something suddenly attracted his attention. Turning his head, he looked at the feed from the containment level... and flinched.

The anomaly was still listening to Gwyn, but he had shifted his gaze and was looking directly at the hidden camera now.

Almost as if looking directly into Jest's eyes.

A subtle smile twisted the young man's lips, making Jest shiver for no reason.

'What...'

In the next moment, the sound of alarm resounded from the speakers. Jerking his head in the opposite direction, he stared at the third screen, where an urgent notification was displayed.

It took Jest a few moments to realize its meaning. He leaned forward.

"It's gone!"

Nightmare Gate C2-167 had just disappeared. Since he had set up the system to notify him immediately if its condition changed, he was probably the first person in the world to learn of that fact.

There was some lag to the Obel Scale, but it must have happened minutes ago at most.

While Jest was digesting the startling piece of news, there was another alarm. His eyes moved, and then widened.

Anvil's vital signs were going crazy.

'Crap!'

Flying out of the chair, Jest rushed outside.

By the time he reached Anvil's sleeping chamber, there was an audible boom, and its heavy armored door suddenly folded like paper. The metal walls groaned and bent inward.

Jumping over the deformed alloy, Jest entered the room and looked around wildly.

It looked like a violent implosion had happened inside. The armored walls had broken, revealing the framework of the compound beyond. The iron sarcophagus had turned into a small jagged sphere of torn metal. The lights were blinking chaotically.

In the middle of it all, Anvil was standing like an unnecessary tall sculpture. He was naked, his flawless build and chiseled muscles revealed in all their glory. His dark hair had grown long, and was sticking to his handsome face in wet strands.

His calm, steely grey eyes were peering at Jest steadily.

Even as a Master, Jest suddenly felt oppressed by the weight of that gaze.

'He... he definitely Ascended...'

As a whirlwind of scarlet sparks surrounded Anvil's naked figure, forming into a set of knightly armor, he raised an eyebrow and asked in an even tone:

"...Are you going to continue staring?"




***
Chapter 2172: Descent


***






Jest blinked.

The voice was cold and indifferent... as it was supposed to be. But after spending some time in the company of the warm and friendly anomaly, it sounded a bit jarring.

And strangely comforting.

He hesitated.

"C—congratulations on conquering the Nightmare, Ascended Anvil!"

Anvil nodded matter-of-factly, then looked around and pursed his lips, as if evaluating the cost of repairs needed to restore the sleeping chamber. A moment later, he looked into the distance — most likely reading the Spell's runes.

Then, he turned back to Jest.

"Thank you. But what are you doing here?"

Jest felt his mouth suddenly turning dry.

"Well... about that. Actually, we have been dealing with a bit of a situation here."

Anvil frowned slightly.

"What kind of situation?"

Jest coughed.

"That, uh... nothing too serious?"

He thought for a moment, and then said:

"It's just that while you were gone, we've replaced you with a doppelganger. He's nicer and easier to get along with. Your wife is with him right now!"

Anvil stared at him for a moment, then rolled his eyes.

"Is this really a good time for your jokes, Uncle Jest?"

Jest remained silent for a moment, then sighed.

"Boy... I wish it was a joke. But there really is a copy of you, who just popped up in Bastion one day without any warning. I don't know how to explain it, but he is being held here, just a few floors below, at the moment."

Anvil looked at him silently.

Then, his expression slowly changed.

Jest had not expected him to laugh at his awkward joke — gods knew the boy was just like his father, having no sense of humor whatsoever — but what he really did not expect was to see fear bloom on Anvil's face.

Terror, even.

It was so strange that Jest was stunned.

He did not think that he had ever seen Anvil show fear, not even as a child. And especially not after encasing his heart in the cold armor of indifference.

While Jest was paralyzed by shock, the young man asked in a hoarse voice, his usual nonchalance completely gone:

"A copy... of me... appeared in Bastion?"

Jest nodded.

"Yes. He was found in the throne room. Uh... stark naked and in a strange mental state..."

Anvil's took a step back.

"H—how... how long ago? Has anyone seen it... has anyone talked to it? How many people? Who?"

Jest lingered for a moment, the old sense of alarm slowly turning into panic in his heart.

'Did I... did I make a mistake?'

He forced himself to answer:

"About... two weeks ago? A couple of Squires and a few Knights. It was mostly me and Madoc watching over him. Oh, and Gwyn, obviously."

Anvil's eyes suddenly widened.

"Gwyn!"

Before Jest could say anything else, the chamber suddenly came undone.

That was the only way he could describe it — the floor opened like a flower, the thick plates of reinforced alloy tearing with a deafening screech. Shards of concrete and sparks from torn cables flew to all sides, and at the same time, the blinking lights were extinguished completely.

Anvil jumped into the churning pit of torn metal without wasting a single moment. No, he did not jump — rather, he flew, accelerating his movements by pushing the steel plates of his armor.

'Since when can he...'

The whole compound shook as a cacophony of noise rolled across the underground tunnels.

'D—damn!'

Jest came to his senses and dove into the pit to follow Anvil.

Even though he had only wasted a single moment, he was already far behind.

The floor of the sleeping chamber had been utterly destroyed, as if it had been made of paper. The room below it was in ruins, too, entire meters of reinforced alloy pierced and bent out of the way in a split second. The same for the floor below that.

It was as if a cataclysmic disaster had transpired in the depths of the Valor compound.

Jest fell for a couple of seconds before finally landing on something that was intact. He was now on the level where the anomaly was being kept, and immediately rushed toward the living quarters.

He saw the obliterated door and the Knights who were picking themselves off the floor with dazed expressions. Just before he could cross the threshold, though, a powerful shockwave rolled from inside, throwing him back.

Jest flew through the air and collided with a wall, leaving a deep dent in it. A mundane human would have been turned into bloody goo by the force of the impact... as a Master, he was somewhat unscathed.

But it hurt like hell.

The Knights were alive, but unconscious.

Ignoring the pain, Jest picked himself up and lunged back toward the containment cell.

The compound quaked once more, and there was another shockwave. But this time, he was prepared for it — lowering his torso and turning it slightly, Jest cut the shockwave with his shoulder and finally entered the devastated living quarters.

It was too dark to see, since all the lights had been destroyed, and the only source of illumination was one of Gwyn's Memory lanterns.

Taking a step forward, Jest fell.

'Argh, damn it, why does he have to keep destroying the floor?!'

The entire set of rooms assigned to be the anomaly's living quarters were gone. The few floors below were completely wrecked, as well. Judging by the magnitude of destruction... the thing he had brought to Anvil's home was chillingly powerful.

After bouncing off a few jagged pieces of torn alloy, Jest hit the ground. This time, it was not the metal floor... instead, it was cold, wet soil. They were on the lowest level of the compound now, its outer walls seemingly obliterated.

Rolling, Jest jump to his feet and stood up.

There was a scene of devastation around him, with plates of bent alloy and unrecognizable debris piling in the darkness. Some of it was on fire, filling the remains of the lowest floor with dim light.

Just when he regained his bearing and looked around, searching for Anvil...

He heard a strange sound.

It should have been drowned out by the noise, but somehow, Jest heard it clearly.

A melodious, bright ringing of breaking glass.

It was only then that the sense of unease that had been tormenting him for the past two weeks finally disappeared, and he involuntarily let out a relieved sigh.




***
Chapter 2173: Paper Armor


***






The battle between Anvil and his flawless copy, despite decimating the underbelly of the Valor compound, had not lasted long.

At least Jest wanted to believe that it was over.

Signs of chilling destruction surrounded him from all sides, but there were no deafening booms ravaging his ears anymore. There were no crushing shockwaves, and the world wasn't quaking. The dim darkness was illuminated by the spreading flames, and clouds of dust obscured the world like a veil.

In such moments, Jest cursed his inability to use Memories. It would have been nice to be able to see clearly in this mess.

'...Has the boy become that powerful, then?'

Jest had battled plenty of Fallen Nightmare Creatures, and a few Masters as well. Ascended were indeed inhumanly strong, but not quite at the level of what Anvil had displayed immediately after coming back from the Nightmare.

Was that the power of those with divine blood in their veins?

Jest carefully moved through the carnage, searching for Anvil. He found him soon enough, kneeling in the dust with a pale face.

The young man was... in bad shape. His intricate armor was nearly destroyed, and blood was pouring from a dozen hideous wounds on his body. One of his arms was hanging limply, sharp fragments of bone protruding from the mess of torn muscles, and even his face was not spared.

He was covered in blood.

However, his eyes remained calm and eerily cold.

'What a terrible way to return from the Nightmare...'

A shattered sword was collapsing into a whirlwind of sparks in Anvil's hand.

Hearing Jest approach, he shifted and looked up.

Jest had a thousand questions on his mind, but meeting the young man's gaze, he faltered.

For a moment, he even doubted whom he was looking at... was it really Anvil?

Or was it the anomaly?

Which one of them had won?

'The... the other one... wasn't wearing armor.'

As if reading his mind, the young man said evenly:

"It's me."

Anvil opened his mouth, as if wishing to say something more, but at that moment, his mask of indifference finally cracked.

His expression changed, and he suddenly took a shaky, frightened breath.

"Gwyn..."

Ignoring his wounds, Anvil jumped to his feet and looked around, as if in panic.

They found Gwyn a minute later, buried in rubble and unconscious... but, luckily, alive.

Hugging her, Anvil let out a shaky breath.

"Thank the gods... thank the gods... thank..."

And looking at him, Jest realized something that should have been obvious, but had eluded him until now.

It was that Anvil's armor of indifference, which had seemed impenetrable, was merely a facade.

In truth, it was merely a flimsy disguise made of paper.

...At least it had been, then.

But things never stay the same.

The anomaly was destroyed, and all the problems caused by its existence were resolved. The authority of Clan Valor was not only mended, but grew explosively now that the young lord of Valor had become a Master.

The clan compound in NQSC was repaired. The wounds received by Anvil, Gwyn, and the knights caught in the battle healed. The Great Mirror hiding under Bastion was wrapped in canvas once more, and the forces of the clan started to develop countermeasures against the visitors from the other side.

There was happy news, too.

Not long after Anvil returned from the Nightmare, young lady Gwyn was announced to be pregnant. Before the end of the year, they welcomed a new heir — an infant boy who would inherit Bastion, the Mirror Lake, and all the glory of the Valor clan one day. He was named Mordret.

It was then that things started going wrong.

Because when Anvil looked at his son, Jest noticed no warmth whatsoever in his cold grey eyes.

It was not just his usual air of indifference. There was more to it... an eerie suspicion that no one else shared.

A suspicion that young Mordret was not his son at all.

A suspicion like that was nothing short of crazy. Considering the situation, nothing could have happened between Gwyn and the anomaly, no matter how convincing the other Anvil had been. Jest was sure of it.

Nothing had happened, and yet... a worm of doubt found its way into Anvil's heart. And once it did, doubt seemed to slowly devour him from the inside.

Anvil became only colder and more unapproachable after his son was born. But there was still some humanity left of him, at least.

These last drops of humanity did not last, though.

Whatever warmth was left in his heart disappeared on the day Lady Gwyn passed away after giving birth to their second child, Morgan.

On the day of the funeral, Jest found Anvil in the underground hall once more, looking at the canvas shrouding the Great Mirror.

The young man turned and looked at Jest with no emotions in his steely eyes.

A few moments later, Anvil said evenly:

"...I failed again."

He remained silent for a bit, then turned back to the mirror and added without any emotion in his cold voice:

"But I won't fail anymore."

Jest wanted to say that the boy was learning all the wrong lessons. But he wasn't sure that he had that right... most of all, he wasn't even sure that the boy was wrong.

The Nightmare Spell was a cruel god. People said that time healed all wounds...

But in the world of the Nightmare Spell, time only dealt you new ones.

Jest's tentative hope that Anvil would eventually recover from losing Gwyn was shattered two years later, when disaster struck and a Category Five Gate swallowed America.

So many things were lost in that calamity.

Among those things were the lives of Immortal Flame and Smile of Heaven, who fell while buying civilians time to evacuate.

And losing Smile of Heaven was the final straw that made something snap inside Anvil.

That was what pushed his cold iron heart to make an unforgivable decision.

For the good of humanity, for himself... and for the glory of the Valor clan, as well.

...Of course, that decision would not have been possible without the damn abomination, Asterion, waiting there with a smile on his lips after offering the lord of Valor a new deal.

A deal to help Anvil kill Broken Sword.




***
Chapter 2174: Fatal Curiosity


***






Cassie froze, momentarily shaken by what she had discovered.

It had not been her goal...

But now that she had caught a glimpse of the conspiracy that would shape the fate of the world — as well as destroy Neph's life and turn her into who she was today — she could not just let go.

Even if it was the wisest choice.

Her reserves of essence were dwindling, and Jest was already showing signs of freeing himself from the bewitching vice of her gaze.

She still had to handle the aftermath, as well. Killing the old Saint would not prove too difficult... but as much as he deserved to be killed, that was not necessarily the best choice.

Cassie's Aspect gave her a rare ability to understand her enemies. Understanding someone usually made it impossible to hate them... after all, how could she truly hate someone whose joys and sorrows she had experienced herself? Understanding could only give birth to compassion, and it was easy to lose herself in the memories of others.

Just like that, she could not help but empathize with Jest, who had experienced so much, and had suffered so much sorrow throughout his long and extraordinary life.

However... memories were also deceitful.

They were not truthful records of what had happened. They were vague and fleeting, often showing only a fragmented account of the past. Even then, they were shaped and painted by the mind of the one who remembered.

Take Jest, for example. In his mind, he was a loyal and sympathetic person... perhaps not virtuous, but definitely well-meaning. That was why what he remembered of his life told a tale of beautiful human connections and dire adversity in pursuit of greater good.

But in reality, he was a butcher whose hands were drenched in blood to the elbow. A callous killer who disregarded human life and had left countless innocent victims in his wake... it was just that he did not care about them that much, and therefore, the faceless victims did not even leave a lasting trace in his memories.

Cassie felt compassion toward Jest, but she was also revolted by him... not that her own hands were clean, of course.

Both of them deserved to die, perhaps. So it was a question of profit.

Killing Jest would be profitable, since it would remove a powerful enemy from the board. However, it would also result in a loss, since his death would undoubtedly push Anvil to take action and reveal Cassie's hand.

As a result, she hesitated to kill him.

There were other ways to deal with the old man, as well.

She could alter his memories slightly, manipulating them to achieve her goals. With some effort, she could erase some of them instead, making him forget ever wanting to kill her.

She could even burn away all his memories one after another, erasing them until his mind became a clean slate, and the man named Jest became swallowed by oblivion while his body and soul remained alive.

That was within her power, too.

But all of it required vast amounts of essence to be spent. Only killing Jest did not demand any additional cost.

Still, still...

Could she really let the chance to learn about Broken Sword's death go?

Cassie hesitated for a few moments, then made a decision and delved back into Jest's memories.

And not long after that...

Her eyes widened slightly.

'...Weaver? That was the reason?'

She did not have time to finish the thought, though.

Because at that moment, Jest's monstrous hand shot forward.

He had been struggling desperately and biding his time while the audacious girl sifted through his mind. It felt vile and ghastly, to feel someone invading your mind forcefully and carelessly perusing your most hidden feelings, most cherished memories... shedding light on your deepest scars.

What right did she have?! What gave her the courage?!

Even enthralled by Song of the Fallen's bewitching gaze, Jest was shaking with shame, indignation, and fury.

But he was an old monster who had outlived more than his fair share of needlessly confident youngsters.

He knew how to be patient.

And just like Jest had thought...

Cassia had succumbed to greed.

She overstayed her welcome.

When he finally moved, she seemed caught by surprise. The young woman reeled back, her eyes opening wide, but it was already too late.

They were too close to each other.

His clawed fingers closed around her slender, fragile neck.

Jest grinned.

"...Curiosity killed the cat, you know?"

Of course, he wasn't foolish enough to give her time to answer.

Just as the words left his mouth, Jest strained his muscles and snapped the young woman's neck.

She was a Saint, of course, but her Aspect did not augment her physique. Jest, however, was currently in his Transcendent form.

Her spine broke easily enough.

As the hideous Echo behind him collapsed into a maelstrom of sparks, he threw Song of the Fallen away. Her broken body landed on a very special patch of scarlet moss and submerged into it slowly, the wide-open eyes still staring at him with a silent accusation.

Was she still alive? Well, probably... it would take some time for a Saint to die from a broken neck.

Her body would dissolve in the pit of digestive fluid hidden beneath the moss soon enough, though. A grisly death, no doubt — quite fitting for a girl who did not know her place.

There would be no trace left, leaving him free to come up with an explanation.

'So what if you learned all my secrets? Take them to your grave, foolish girl.'

Now, then... there was one more left.

Dealing with Helie turned out to be almost boring. Her Flaw made her a perfect victim for someone like Jest, after all — denied the power of her Aspect, she died powerlessly in his hands.

She did not stop struggling until the very end, though.

That, at least, was a bit fun.

In the end, he tossed her body into the same pit. Looking around, Jest let out a deep sigh.

"Ah. I feel like he'll reprimand me very sternly, this time..."

Even he was a little afraid of Anvil's wrath.

And Anvil would definitely be very angry about what Jest had done today... well, at least as angry as his cold iron heart allowed him to be.

Assuming his human form, Jest went about getting dressed. His clothes were designed in a way that prevented them from being destroyed when he Transformed — his shirt and trousers were, at least. All he had to do to restore them to their previous shape was fasten a few buckles.

The jacket, unfortunately, was completely gone. He clicked his tongue.

"Damn it! I just had this one tailored..."

Shaking his head, Jest picked up his cane, looked around one last time, and left.

***

Not long after that, Helie walked out from behind a tree and looked at Cassie, who was standing nearby, with a strange expression.

"...That's it? He just left?"

Cassie nodded tiredly.

"Why would he stay? I implanted a false memory into his mind. One of killing us brutally and disposing of our bodies. So, he has nothing left to do here."

She had erased the memory of what her eyes truly looked like when she transformed, as well — like she always did after using her Transcendent Ability.

Helie remained silent for a few moments, then shivered.

"Can you put your blindfold back on? I'm, uh... will feel better if you do."

Cassie did not comment and simply pulled the blindfold back into its place. Helie seemed to relax once she did.

That was the very reason she wore a blindfold, to begin with.

Eventually, Helie asked:

"So... I guess we are dead now? At least as far as Clan Valor will be concerned. What do we do now?"

Cassie turned to her, remained silent for a moment, and then smiled softly.

"Well, what else?"

With that, she faced the jungle.

"We'll have to defect to Song, I guess."




***
Chapter 2175: Blind Faith


***






After having a short discussion, Cassie and Helie were ready to set out. There was no reason to linger, anyway — the decision had been made, and there was no going back.

Helie was concerned for the clan, but at the moment, the best way she could protect them was to play dead for a while.

The abominable jungle rustled eerily around the two of them, making Cassie's skin crawl. She shivered and placed her hand on the hilt of the Quiet Dancer, trying to find comfort in its familiar texture.

Altering Jest's memories had burned most of her remaining essence... in fact, she had been forced to cut the connection to most of her marks while delving into his past to preserve some, and as a result, she was truly and utterly blind at the moment.

She could not even activate her Awakened Ability — or rather, she could, but only for a short while. Which meant that it was better not to use her Aspect unless there was an emergency.

Both of she and Helie were beaten and battered, still reeling from the fierce violence of the battle and utterly exhausted. Nevertheless, Cassie spoke after hesitating for a few moments:

"Saint Helie... I'm afraid I am running quite low on soul essence. So, while my Echo will be of some help, I will have to rely on you to get us out of this appalling jungle."

She could not see what expression the beautiful Saint made, but it somehow felt like someone was giving her a dubious look.

In the end, Helie coughed.

"Sure, no problem. Luckily, I wasted very little essence myself — that old goat prevented me from using my Aspect throughout most of the battle, after all. And I am sure that your Echo will be very helpful, as well."

She paused for a moment, and then added in a slightly stifled tone:

"...Where did this creepy Echo come from, anyway? What kind of vile, ghastly Nightmare Creature did you kill to get it, Lady Cassia?"

Cassie tilted her head a little, then answered honestly:

"Oh... it is an Echo of myself."

Helie seemed to have lost the ability to speak for a few moments.

Then, she asked in a small voice:

"W—what?"

Cassie shrugged.

"Well... certain events transpired in my Third Nightmare, and as a result, I had to kill a Corrupted version of myself. I happened to receive an Echo, as well."

Helie took a deep breath, trying to gather her thoughts. Then, she looked back to the delicate young woman standing motionlessly in front of her.

'Right. Of course. Why not? Sounds perfectly reasonable!'

...Not!

"And you just keep an Echo of yourself around?"

Song of the Fallen nodded elegantly.

"I do."

Then, her expression changed slightly, and she added hastily:

"Of a Corrupted version of myself. Hence the tentacles... please don't misunderstand, Saint Helie! I absolutely do not have those myself. After all, I am not some eldritch horror wearing human skin. I am most definitely a perfectly normal human woman."

Helie stared at her for a bit, then forced out an unconvincing chuckle.

"Sure... sure, of course! If you say so."

It was funny — she was old enough to be Cassia's mother... no, maybe a cool aunt... but, somehow, it did not feel that way. If anything, the exquisitely beautiful young woman gave her the opposite feeling.

Shaking her head, Helie called upon the power of her Aspect and assumed her Transcendent form. Then, she offered Song of the Fallen her hand.

"I don't say this often, but... please climb onto my back, Lady Cassia. I'll give you a smooth ride."

Saying that, she grinned.

The young woman hesitantly raised her hand, grasped Helie's own, and mounted gracefully.

"Hold tight!"

Summoning her bow, Helie delved into the jungle at a swift trot. Both of them had to remain alert due to all the dangers that the Hollows hid —however, they had a good chance of emerging to the surface alive.

Cassie had never ridden a centaur before, let alone such a friendly one, so she did not know what to expect. However, the journey turned out to be far more comfortable than she had thought it would be.

At some point, she spoke:

"Saint Helie... I will need your help once we arrive at the Song encampment, as well."

Helie turned her head a little, looking back.

"How so?"

Cassie hesitated for a moment.

"You were not involved in what your uncle had done, but you are still his niece. Master Orum sacrificed his life for the Song clan. He had a personal relationship with the Queen, as well... so, there is a good chance that she will receive you well. I, on the other hand, will be met with hostility and suspicion. So, you will have to try and smooth things over."

Helie let out a wistful sigh.

"I can try, I guess. But..."

She paused.

"But what happens next?"

They had discussed the consequences of seeking shelter in the Song camp already, but really, the end result of their actions remained ambiguous —especially for Helie, who knew neither what Nephis was planning nor what had truly pushed Cassie to take this step.

From the outside, it simply looked as if they were trying to betray the Sword Domain and switch sides in order to support the Song Army. Of course, the Sword Domain had betrayed them first — but that was not a clean justification. Reality was never so simple.

Even if Jest had attempted to kill them, and even if the King himself could not be trusted, both Cassie and Helie were tied to the Sword Domain. Cassie would have to fight against Nephis and the Fire Keepers if she joined the Sword Army, while Helie would have to fight against her own clan... it was all a proper mess.

In the end, Cassie just sighed.

"Things will resolve themselves, somehow."

Helie chuckled.

"Ah... that's good, then. If that is the case, I'm relieved."

That answer was as good as any other would have been. Helie had already decided to put her faith in Nephis, after all... she had refused Jest's offer in hopes that Changing Star would make things work, somehow.

Now, the only choice she had was to follow that hope.

After a few minutes of silence, Helie suddenly spoke in a somber tone:

"Well, then, I have something to confess."

Cassie raised an eyebrow, surprised.

"...Confess?"

Helie did not say anything else for a full minute, then sighed.

"This whole damn war started based on the excuse of punishing Clan Song for sending assassins after Changing Star, didn't it? Well, actually..."

She paused for a moment.

"It was me."

Cassie tilted her head.

"What do you mean?"

Helie let out a joyless chuckle.

"Look! It seems there's something that even Song of the Fallen doesn't know. But, yes... there were no Song assassins, and neither Dar of the Maharana clan nor Silent Stalker had anything to do with the attempt on Changing Star's life. They're not the only Saints who know their way around a bow, you know? It was me. I shot those arrows."

She raised her great bow, which had grown in size to fit her Transcendent form.

Helie sighed, and her shoulders fell.

"Well, it wasn't like I had any choice. When Morgan of Valor comes calling, you don't say no. I was ordered to make it seem like I wanted to kill Lady Nephis, and so, I did. I thought I should mention it before we reach the stronghold of Clan Song."

Cassie remained silent for a while, stunned.

That... she had really had no idea. They had suspected that Clan Valor — perhaps even Morgan herself — was behind the assassination, of course.

But their suspicion had never once fallen on Saint Helie.

...And there Cassie was, priding herself on being unassuming and knowing things.

'Huh.'

But how did it make any sense, for Master Orum to have been a Song spy while his niece was Valor's secret weapon? Their Legacy clan was not even really on the map, in the grand scheme of things... especially not compared to the deeply impactful role they seemed to have played in the Great War.

Life was full of irony sometimes.

Eventually, Cassie shook her head and said with a bit of dejection in her voice:

"Saint Helie... respectfully, please don't mention this particular part when negotiating with Clan Song. Some things... are better left unsaid!"

Helie responded with a quiet laugh.

"Alright. I think I can keep my mouth shut, if you insist."

By then, they were almost halfway to the fissure leading to the surface of the First Rib.

And Cassie had already replenished a little essence — enough of it, at least, to maintain a connection to one of her marks.

She could have restored her connection to Helie, but instead, she softly touched the mark left on Sunny — his original body that remained near Nephis.

[Sunny?]

He seemed to be drinking tea in the beautiful gazebo on the Ivory Island. Hearing Cassie's call, he lowered his tea cup.

[Cassie? Where are you? I was trying to reach you earlier...]

She hesitated for a moment.

[Sorry. I was out of essence — in fact, I can't maintain this connection for long even now. So, please, listen carefully. I need to tell you something important.]

He prepared to listen, raising his cup and taking a sip of the fragrant tea.

Cassie took a deep breath.

[So, the thing is... I am dead...]

Sunny spat out his tea.

[...officially, I mean.]




***
Chapter 2176: Precipice of the End


***






After Cassie ran out of essence and their conversation was interrupted, Sunny remained motionless, staring into the distance with a lost expression on his face.

After a while, he looked down at his cup.

"...My tea has turned cold."

His voice was even.

With a sigh, he brought the cup to his lips and took a leisurely sip, enjoying the darkly beautiful view of Godgrave and the vibrant, idyllic tranquility of the Ivory Island with a smile.

Cassie's news was unexpected enough, but the momentary feeling of being lost Sunny had experienced was not because of it. Rather, it was because of what the news signified.

The resolution of this dreadful, appalling war had been drawing near for a while...

But now, it was here.

The end had arrived.

So, this was probably the last moment of peace he would get to experience until everything was over... quite possibly the last moment of peace he would get to experience for the rest of his life, since his life could very well end in a matter of days.

Still, if he thought about...

Sunny felt satisfied.

It was far too soon, true. And they did not quite manage to accomplish everything they had set out to accomplish before the war started... but they did their best.

From the day Sunny had chosen to return from the frigid ruins of L049, out there in the northernmost reaches of the Dream Realm, and until today, he had never once stopped working doggedly toward his bold and defiant goal. His determination to vanquish the Sovereigns, subjugate the world, and bend existence to his will had never wavered.

So, he was ready.

He was ready to win... but he was prepared to lose, too. After all, despite it all, the treacherous scheme he and Nephis had woven was at its core a gamble.

The future was unclear... who knew what the future held?

Sunny certainly did not.

But whatever happened, he would have no regrets.

At least that was what he told himself while enjoying his tea in peace.

Eventually, the bottom of the cup revealed itself, and he put it down with a hint of regret. Letting out a long sigh, Sunny rose from his seat and left the gazebo.

There were a lot of things he had to do.

'This girl... I think I've been a bad influence on her.'

Sunny had felt something strange while talking to Cassie. It was as if he had found himself on the wrong end of a conversation with himself!

No, but really. What sane person opened a conversation by announcing their death?

As Sunny walked across the emerald grass, his eyes turned chilly with murderous cold.

'...Jest.'

So the affable old mad had decided to show initiative and kill Cassie after luring her into the woods. Cassie had left him alive... but Sunny was not that forgiving.

He was in the mood to tear the bastard limb from limb, feed his corpse to the Nightmare Creatures, and eradicate his entire clan.

It took quite a lot of composure not to send the Lord of Shadows to intercept Jest and end him like the vermin he was before the old man reached Vanishing Lake.

That vile piece of trash had dared to set his sights on Cassie?

Sunny gritted his teeth in anger.

'Calm... calm down.'

Cassie knew what she was doing. If she had thought that she would be in serious danger, she would have asked him for help. But she did not, which meant that she had known about Jest's intentions in advance and felt confident that she could deal with him herself.

And she had.

Not only had Cassie defeated the old Saint —Sunny should not have expected anything less from her — but she also learned quite a lot of secrets from his memories.

For example, Anvil's Flaw.

Exhaling slowly, Sunny smothered his anger and began to think.

Jest could keep drawing breath for a bit longer.

'That Flaw... is a harsh one.'

Sadly, it was not something one could use against the King of Swords in a battle. It gave context to the decisions Anvil made and provided deep insight into his character, explaining a lot both about his rise to power and about his downfall as a human being. Knowing your enemy was a great advantage, and Sunny was glad to have gained the knowledge of Anvil's Flaw...

But it was not exactly a fatal vulnerability he had hoped to find.

The same went for Ki Song. Although Cassie had not glimpsed the secret of her Flaw directly, both of them strongly suspected that the Queen's Flaw made her incapable of bearing children. Therefore, her vulnerability was the affection she felt for her adopted daughters.

Anvil's lack of familiar love could be exploited, and Ki Song's love for her daughters could be exploited, as well.

But not in the narrow timeframe they were left with, most likely... at least not effectively.

That whole endeavor had led them to a dead end.

Sunny sighed.

'Well, when have things ever been easy?'

Most of the time, things were as hard as they could get. So, he had never really expected to find an easy way to defeat the Sovereigns.

They had gained plenty of useful knowledge about the past, regardless. New information about Asterion and Mordret, among other things — two people who would become big problems in the future, without a doubt.

If there even was a future for Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie.

Entering the Ivory Tower, Sunny frowned.

There was something else that Cassie had learned, but chose not to tell him — she did mention it briefly, but did not go into details. It was partially because they had been pressed for time, and partially because she seemed to want to gather her thoughts before sharing this new information.

The secret had something to do with Broken Sword and the downfall of the Immortal Flame clan... no wonder Cassie was reluctant to speak on this topic rashly. It was probably the very reason why she had contacted Sunny instead of speaking directly to Nephis, unwilling to have that conversation with her yet.

The information did not seem immediately relevant to the conclusion of the war, regardless.

And there were too many things they had to do before the end came — especially because Cassie could very well become unable to contact any of her allies soon.

Who knew what kind of restrictions Song Clan would put on her once she was in their hands?

This was why Sunny had to hurry.

'I really hope Nightmare has finished his task well...'




***
Chapter 2177: Dire Choice


***






Far away, near the ruined Citadel at Vanishing Lake, the Lord of Shadows was observing the troops coldly. The soldiers were getting ready for the final stage of the clandestine assault — some were leaving to clear the last stretch of the path to the surface, others were preparing to receive the additional forces from the siege camp.

The attack on the Lesser Crossing would most likely happen in a matter of days... actually, now that Jest had gone and made a mess, the plan would most likely be accelerated.

The Lesser Crossing would fall, and the Song Army would retreat to the edges of the Collarbone Plain. The territory of the Song Domain in Godgrave would dwindle, and the territory of the Sword Domain would spread, enveloping it from all sides.

Ki Song would be faced with an uncomfortable choice. She would have to either abandon the main camp of her army and retreat to the sole Citadel in Godgrave that was under her control, abandon the Citadel to make her last stand at the fortified camp, or split her forces to try and protect both.

The disadvantage of splitting her forces was obvious enough. Abandoning the Citadel would only diminish her power further, while at the same time giving Anvil an opportunity to expand his. The main camp of the Song Army seemed like the least painful sacrifice... but only at first glance.

The main camp was not only the logistical hub where all the supply chains came together, but also the gateway to the Song Domain. If it was abandoned, nothing would prevent Anvil from simply descending from Godgrave into the western reaches of the Dream Realm and wreaking havoc in the basin of the River of Tears, where most of Ki Song's Citadels were located.

So, Sunny thought that she would most likely concentrate her forces in the main camp.

After the Two Crossings fell, the camp would be surrounded in a day or two.

And once it was surrounded, the Sovereigns would clash directly. Ki Song would have no other choice but to enter the fray herself, driven into the corner as she was.

...And at that time, Sunny and Nephis would have to enter the fray, as well, finally facing the Sovereigns in battle.

Of course, ideally, that would only happen once both Anvil and Ki Song had exhausted each other's powers, dealt each other countless wounds, and one of them was on the verge of being killed.

Sunny's face grew somber behind Weaver's Mask.

'...But would Nephis be willing to go through with it?'

Neither of them had attained Supremacy yet, after all.

Of course, there was a good chance that at least one of them would become Supreme during or in the aftermath of the battle. Freeing themselves from the clutches of the Sovereigns, who held the entire world in an iron grip, and slaying them was one hell of an act of defiance, after all.

Usurping the throne of humanity — or, in Sunny's case, putting the person he had chosen on it — was, as well.

But if the Sovereigns fell and no new Supreme emerged, the result would be catastrophic. Because nothing would protect the mundane inhabitants of the Dream Realm from becoming carriers of the Nightmare Spell.

Hundreds of millions of people in both Domains would probably die, plunged into the depths of their First Nightmares.

...But then again, a comparable amount of new Awakened would emerge.

Dozens of millions of Awakened — imagining such a tremendous force was frightening.

But not as frightening as the cost humanity would have to pay to come into possession of such force.

Sunny was horrified by the mere thought of having to make this choice.

Of course, missing their chance to defeat the Sovereigns would not really save any of those people, either. If either the King of Swords or the Queen of Worms vanquished their adversary and became the sole ruler of the world, their already astonishing power would become simply inconceivable... defeating them already seemed impossible, and it would become unthinkable then.

For Sunny and Nephis, that was.

However, that was not at all true for the true rulers of the Dream Realm... the Cursed and Unholy Nightmare Creatures that dwelled in the dark expanses of the Death Zones, and could very well consume all of humanity once the waking world was swallowed by the Realm of the Forgotten God.

The corrupted deities that had already consumed the populations of all the previous Divine Realms infected by the Nightmare Spell.

This whole mess had started because neither Nephis nor Sunny believed that the Sovereigns could face the future trials of the Nightmare Spell. The Sovereigns were great and mighty, and their feats were truly legendary... or had been, once. But they had also grown reticent and complacent, wasting decades doing little more than suffocating the emerging power of humanity and preparing to abandon most of the waking world's population in the coming calamity.

Perhaps they had their reasons, perhaps they believed that theirs was the only way... but their reasons were not good enough, and the path they had chosen would only lead to doom.

So, missing the chance to eliminate them now, while saving countless lives at the moment... could very well doom all lives in the future.

That was why the choice was so agonizing.

Sunny could not imagine making it... but Nephis had to.

She would have to make it in just a few days.

They still had some time left — time to watch the Two Crossing fall, the Song Army retreat, and the Sword Army surround its camp.

Sunny did not think that either of them would manage to attain Supremacy at that time, so he was preparing to fight the Sovereigns as a Saint.

The three of them — Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie —had planned for this battle for a long time.

However, the plan had to change a little recently.

So, while the Lord of Shadows was observing the

troops, one of his shadows stealthily snuck away.

A few moments later, it was on its way to the Nameless Temple... or rather, to the Hollows below it.

It was time to prepare his slumbering army of monsters for war.

As well as take care of its general.




***
Chapter 2178: Sea of Yearning Stars


***






At the same time as the Lord of Shadows descended into the Hollows, Master Sunless ascended the steps of the Tower of Hope.

The Ivory Island drifted above the siege camp of the Sword Army, seven torn chains hanging below it and rustling in the wind. There was no need to land the flying Citadel and anchor it securely, since Tyris of White Feather was nearby, keeping the veil of radiant clouds intact.

Below it, the vast encampment sprawled like a dark stain on the white surface of the ancient bone. Countless tents stood in long rows, with more permanent structures towering between them here and there. Myriads of soldiers were busy preparing for the next battle or seeking shelter from the sweltering heat.

Some sat motionlessly with crude blindfolds covering their eyes, tired from the everlasting radiance of day and longing for the soothing touch of darkness. Some were simply too numb to move.

Across the chasm from the vast camp, the Greater Crossing Stronghold stood like a rugged cliff. The battered walls of the impregnable fortress were covered in endless layers of soot and dried blood.

The patchwork of repairs held them together, but in some places, the ramparts seemed to sink under their own weight or tilt precariously, marred with numerous deep wounds.

An unbearable miasma rose from the depths of the dark chasm, which had become a collective grave for countless soldiers and enthralled Nightmare Creatures.

Above it all...

Saint Nephis — Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan — stood on the balcony of the Ivory Tower, observing the camp and the stronghold with a detached expression on her breathtakingly beautiful face.

Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes.

But even with her eyes closed, she could still feel them.

Tiny sparks of longing shining like countless stars in the darkness, merging into a great celestial bonfire.

The heavens were burning.

Nephis was burning, as well... she was flame itself. All those stars were connected to her, inspired by her. Bathing her in their light, and scorching her with their fire.

The waning flames were growing stronger because of her.

It was easier to sense them with her eyes closed.

The souls illuminating the darkness were her nascent Domain.

Here in Godgrave, under the walls of the bloodstained fortress, these souls were shining especially bright. The siege had been a harrowing, numbing, never-ending nightmare... one would think that those who survived would abandon themselves to hopelessness. But instead, their longing was only growing more intense, more demanding... scorching.

After all, those who were desperate were the ones who hoped desperately.

Their hope had been undergoing a change as of late — or perhaps it was Nephis who was changing.

Before, her nascent Domain was simply there. Her source element. She felt a connection to the souls burning with the spark of longing, and could draw spirit essence from them.

But now, it was as if the sea of yearning stars had grown so vast that it possessed a mass. That mass... was pulling at her. Calling her. Demanding from her that their hopes were answered.

It was almost painful.

It was almost like the Call of Nightmare.

Maddening.

Nephis sighed.

'How do I complete it?'

She was tired, frustrated... and vexed.

The battles continued. The soldiers kept dying. She had even failed to protect her Fire Keepers... a few of those who survived the Forgotten Shore were now gone.

And yet, Supremacy still remained unattainable.

Everything was in place, and yet something was lacking.

Nephis had prepared the foundation of her future Domain... if anything, it was overdeveloped, by now. Her source element was thriving, and her connection to it was both deep and vast.

Her Transcendent Battle Art was refined to nearly a flawless state.

Her willpower was firm. That had been the easiest part, really... after all, if Nephis lacked willpower, she would have crumbled the first time she experienced the excruciating pain of her Flaw. Every step she took, every battle she fought, every spark of flame she summoned was an act of overcoming herself.

She had never been shy about forcing her will upon the world, either. She sharpened her will against her own soul and used it to cut existence. From the very start, her goal had been to reshape the world according to her… she already knew how to use it in order to fuel her powers.

She had learned sorcery, and thus knew the feeling of bending the world to her whims all too well. At its core, the act of invoking True Names of things to affect them was no different from exerting her will upon them, because the Sorcery of Names could not work without being fueled by the willpower of the sorcerer.

She had a talent for it.

It was almost as if Nephis was custom-made to become a Sovereign.

She had even changed her ways and opened her arms to another, exploring passion and longing with her own heart and body. That was a strange and unexpected journey, as well.

But she still did not know how to galvanize her source element and ignite the sea of yearning stars into a blazing pyre.

There was no trick to it. She simply had to will her Domain to be, but her will could not reach the countless flames of longing. It simply passed through them, unable to exert any influence.

'An act of defiance...'

Wasn't she defiant enough?

She had defied impossible odds numerous times. She was defying the Sovereigns... she was defying the Nightmare Spell itself.

What else could she do?

Nephis opened her eyes and looked at the siege camp of the Sword Army.

A sigh escaped from her lips.

Time was running out...

At that moment, she heard the sound of light steps and turned around to see who was coming.

Her mysterious lover stepped onto the balcony and looked at her, a genuine smile illuminating his enchanting face.

A few moments later, he spoke in a pleasant voice:

"I have good news and bad news. Which do you want to hear first?"

Nephis lingered for a moment, involuntary smiling back.

"Let's start with the bad news."

He sighed.

"I am quite certain that Anvil will accelerate the assault on the Lesser Crossing. It might very well start by the end of the day."

Nephis froze, momentarily stunned by the implication.

She frowned.

"What is the good news, then?"

Sunny studied her for a bit, then chuckled.

"The news of Cassie's death was greatly exaggerated."

Nephis blinked.

'Huh?'

"Wait... what? Cassie's death?"

He coughed.

"Oh... right. Actually, there's also the third kind of news. The weird news..."




***
Chapter 2179: Star of Ruin


***






It did not take long to describe what had happened to Cassie. The battle with Jest, the many revelations gained from his memories, and her decision to surrender herself to the Song Domain...

As Nephis contemplated silently, Sunny leaned on the parapet and looked down at the siege camp of the Sword Army.

He was suddenly in a wistful mood.

Looking at the distant soldiers from above, Sunny could not help but think about their hopes and dreams. So many lives had been thrown at the walls of the Greater Crossing Stronghold, and so many of those lives had been lost — both on the side of the besieging army and on the side of the besieged.

The soldiers of the Sword Domain were desperate to conquer the impregnable fortress, and the soldiers of the Song Army had defended it with the same measure of resolve and desperation.

But in the end, it would never be taken in battle.

Instead, the Lesser Crossing would fall to a cunning maneuver, and the defenders of the Greater Crossing would be ordered to retreat. How bitter would they feel, having to abandon the walls that they had defended with their lives?

And how bittersweet would it be for the soldiers of the Sword Army, to take over the fortress where so many of their brothers and sisters had died without having to shed a single drop of theirs?

Wouldn't all of them be overcome by a terrible sense of futility?

Looking at the battered walls of the great fortress, Sunny smiled crookedly.

'...It's almost as if war is a senseless affair.'

Nephis sighed and leaned on the parapet by his side.

After a few moments of silence, she said evenly:

"I worry about Cassie. She has an... infuriating habit of taking too much upon herself. She will suffer at the hands of the Queen."

Sunny was brought back from his thoughts and lowered his head.

Nephis was right. Cassie would not have gone to the Song side without a good reason, and she seemed to be confident that her safety would not be compromised there — after all, there had been other options to choose from even if she couldn't return to the Sword Army camp.

She could have sought shelter in the Nameless Shelter, for example. She could have even killed Jest, returning without him to try and deceive the King.

But even if she was confident that the Queen would not kill her, that did not mean that she would be welcomed with open arms. Clan Song would definitely distrust and scrutinize her... even torture her, perhaps.

A shadow fell over Sunny's face.

"Cassie... knows how to endure suffering. In any case, Ki Song will not have a lot of time to spend on interrogating her."

Even if Cassie was taken to the main camp of the Song Army and held hostage there when it was besieged, the Queen would have her hands too full to pay attention to a turncoat Saint.

Sunny turned his head and studied Nephis:

"...I am more worried about you."

She raised an eyebrow.

"Me? Why would you worry about me?"

He let out a resigned sigh and shook his head.

"Talk about infuriating habits..."

Nephis chuckled lightly. Then, however, her smile dimmed.

Looking back to the siege camp, she asked in a reserved tone:

"Are you worried about me confronting the Sovereigns?"

Sunny nodded slowly.

A little later, he asked with a hint of curiosity in his voice:

"Will you?"

She looked into the distance silently.

Eventually, she said:

"I've been waiting to exact my revenge on them for a long time, you know."

Sunny nodded again.

"I know."

She smiled faintly.

"I won't ask how you know if you don't ask me what I'll do."

The question hung between them for a while. The question itself was burdensome enough, but the answer would be so heavy as to send the Ivory Island crashing from the sky.

What would Nephis do?

Would she give up her defiant resolve to depose the Sovereigns, or would she kill them even if it meant dooming millions of people to their deaths?

Nephis herself did not seem to know the answer, yet.

But Sunny knew.

She was Changing Star, after all... the Star of Ruin. The herald of ruinous change.

There was a reason why she had been given such a True Name.

It was her fate.

And, unlike Sunny... Nephis was still the prisoner of her fate.

So, he had no doubt what she would choose, even if she herself was still hesitating.

It would be just like the Bright Castle, which had been drenched in blood and then burned to the ground according to her will… her will to lead those who survived to salvation from the tyranny of the Nightmare Spell.

He could almost see it...

The Sovereigns would fall, and hundreds of millions of mundane people in the Dream Realm would suddenly become carriers of the Spell, falling asleep on the streets of Bastion, Ravenheart, and every other human city to face the First Nightmare.

Countless lives would be lost, but from the ruins, millions of Awakened warriors would rise, as well.

The world would be changed in an instant... just in time to witness the destruction of Earth and its assimilation into the Dream Realm, as well as the bloody chaos that would follow.

The remaining population of the waking world would face a harrowing culling — but that culling would not be as ultimate and final as it would have been without a staggering vanguard of a hundred million Awakened waiting to meet them on the other side.

The floodgates of Corruption would open, and the profane gods of the Dream Realm would leave their dens at the smell of human souls. The last human civilization would make its glorious last stand against the tide of nightmares.

And above it all...

Changing Star would shine like a radiant beacon, ruling over humanity and leading it into battle.

Sunny looked down.

'Well. Something like that.'

The future practically wrote itself.




***
Chapter 2180: Reasons to Live


***






Standing by his side, Nephis sighed and said quietly:

"You seem to know so much about me, but I... I barely know anything about you. I always hesitate to ask you about your past. Because I am afraid you won't answer."

She was still thinking about his knowledge of how deep her grudge against the Sovereigns went, it seemed.

And other things, as well. Nephis had never pried into his past and never mentioned the oddities of his existence, but she must have been aware of how strange their relationship was.

It was a relationship built on mutual attraction, passion, and affection... but it was also light and ephemeral, as if it would be dispelled by merely mentioning something they were both aware of, and therefore chose to never speak aloud.

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then smiled.

"What's so good about the past? Ask me about the future, instead."

Nephis smiled slightly.

"Alright. What will you do once the war is over? Provided that we've won, of course... which we will, no doubt."

Sunny pondered for a few moments.

"Well, let's see..."

He considered his plans. Honestly, the war had preoccupied him fully, so he did not know what he would do and in what order, exactly.

But he had some thoughts, of course.

"First of all, I have to resolve the issue of my newest Shadow... one way or the other. Then, I want to forge a shadowbound Memory for myself. I hoped to do that before the final battle, actually — who knew that bastard, Jest, would throw a wrench in my plans."

Sunny scratched the back of his head.

"Then, I have to take care of a few people. Aiko needs stable employment... gods know she suffered in that regard enough already. Then there's my disciple, whom I need to introduce to a good sorcery teacher — actually, that disciple of mine is so much work! Not only do I have to invent a way for her to Ascend naturally, I also have to make sure that nobody kills her to prevent that knowledge from spreading. Its going to be a real mess, no doubt. There are a few other acquaintances I want to look after, too."

He looked into the distance, remained silent for a few moments, and said:

"But those are just minor issues. There are a few places I must visit and a few things I must find, as well. Each expedition will be a serious undertaking. I need to explore the ruins of true Bastion. I also need to delve into the Jade Palace and the ice caves below Ravenheart. Then, there is the Night Garden — I've never seen it with my own two eyes, but I am sure that exploring it would become a dreadful adventure, somehow."

Sunny winced.

"Finally... there is the Underworld. There is something I must find there, as well. This one will be the most troublesome — not only because it's one of the most frightening Death Zones in existence, but also because that place is more or less made to render me powerless."

He sighed.

"Oh, right... and I have to explore the Shadow Realm. But that is just a side project."

Saying that, he looked at Nephis and hesitated for a few moments.

"There is one more place, as well. I haven't decided if I really want to return there, though."

He was talking about the Tomb of Ariel, of course.

It seemed like he was destined to come back there, considering that he had met the future version of himself in the Estuary. But then again, Sunny was currently free of the chains of fate. So, his future could very well change...

Probably.

Nephis studied him for a while, a hint of amusement shining in her beautiful eyes.

"That is all? I see... you are an ambitious man, Master Sunless."

...But there was a hint of something else there, as well.

Dissatisfaction? Displeasure?

Sunny fumbled for a few moments, trying to understand what exactly he had said to make her displeased.

Then, it was as if a lightbulb turned on in his head.

'Oh!'

No, really... was he an idiot?

It was not what he had said... it was what he had not said.

Sunny put on his most handsome, charming smile.

"Oh, t—that... you must remember that I have eight bodies now! I can do many things at the same time. Obviously, I am also planning to stay with you... my lady. I will be right there by your side, helping you consolidate your power, govern the vast expanse of the Dream Realm, battle Nightmare Creatures, and prepare for the eventual assimilation of the waking world."

Nephis stared at him for a few moments and nodded with satisfaction.

Then, she looked away and asked:

"And prepare me delicious food?"

Sunny blinked.

"Why, of course."

She smiled.

"How about giving me massages?"

He coughed.

"I'm glad that you mentioned that. I was thinking of giving you one right now."

Nephis laughed quietly.

"What about romantic dates? Visiting theaters or going on boat rides. And sparring."

Sunny was a bit confused about how sparring had ended up between visiting theaters and rowing boats, but he wisely chose not to voice his doubt.

"Of course. We... will do all these things, and more, together. I wouldn't have it any other way."

Nephis nodded with a smile.

"Good."

As he looked into the distance, though, her smile slowly dimmed, turning faint and brittle.

After a while, she said:

"Make sure not to die then, Master Sunless. You promised."

Sunny wrapped his hand around her waist and pulled her closer.

Her body felt hot against his own.

"I am quite hard to kill, you know. Unless my soul is completely destroyed, I have plenty of spare bodies to retreat into."

She turned her head and looked into his eyes. Her alluring lips were entirely too close.

"Let us survive, then. Both of us. Shall we?"

Instead of answering, Sunny leaned forward and kissed her.

Their kiss was deep, intimate, and desperate...

That was the best answer he could give, anyway.

Who would want to die and never taste her sweet lips again?

Sunny wanted to survive. He had to survive, no matter what.




***
Chapter 2181: Break Point


***






Rain was sprawled on the ground, breathing shallowly. She was too tired to move, and had no desire to either. There was a black fabric covering her face, so it was a bit dark, at least... the merciless radiance of the incandescent sky would have easily penetrated mundane cloth, but she was brazenly using [In Case of Emergency] to hide from the suffocating light.

Who would have known that she would miss the frigid nights of Ravenheart one day?

It was so damn hot.

And she was so damn spent. Physically, mentally... emotionally.

The siege of the Greater Crossing had been a terrible affair. In fact, Rain had no words to describe how terrible, terrifying, hideous, and utterly horrid it had been. The endless battles, the heavy losses, the dwindling supplies... the torturous, ever-present heat. By now, the soldiers were not even despondent, they were simply numb.

As if their capacity to comprehend horror and their endurance had been completely overwhelmed.

...It was quite a feat, to overwhelm the mental endurance of her fellow soldiers. All of them had overcome Nightmares and braved the dreadful reaches of the Dream Realm to become Awakened, after all.

All except for her. She had never set foot into a Nightmare... at least not a Nightmare created by the Spell.

The nightmare she was living had been created entirely with human hands. Four hands in particular — four lofty, royal hands.

Rain was too tired to think about the King and the Queen. She had no energy to feel resentment. Her eyes were covered, and while she had no essence to spare on frivolous things, the passive effect of the [Piece de Resistance] was still enough to prevent her from baking in the heat.

She could stay still.

"Rani..."

Rain groaned.

She remained motionless for a few moments, then slowly sat up. [In Case of Emergency] slipped from her eyes, and the merciless radiance of Godgrave battered them with blinding intensity. She squinted with a grimace, waiting for her pupils to adjust to the light.

It felt like someone was driving nails into her head.

Soon enough, Rain could see Tamar, Ray, and Fleur — the four of them had sprawled on the ground almost in a pile after descending from the wall. Their tents had been destroyed days ago during one of the battles, and with the supply situation being what it was, no one was going to issue them new ones.

Of course, there were plenty of empty tents in the camp of the Song Army these days. Too many soldiers had died, after all... but finding and salvaging an empty tent was too much work, so they had simply been sleeping on the ground.

It was Ray who had called her. Raising a hand, he said tiredly:

"Water."

Rain sighed, then summoned the Green Canteen and handed it to him.

Then, she looked around.

The Song Army had stubbornly endured the endless assaults, but that did not mean that it was unscathed. On the contrary, the courtyard of the great fortress where the army was camped looked like a graveyard, instead.

And the soldiers looked like walking corpses. These days, it was hard to tell them apart from the Queen's pilgrims at times.

Everyone was shocked into numbness by the relentless siege.

However...

That had changed subtly in the last few days.

Rain could not quite describe it, but it was as if a feverish tension was slowly permeating the air.

Because the soldiers could feel it... that the siege was going to end soon.

There was no deep reason behind that feeling and no profound calculations they had made to come to such a conclusion, but nevertheless, everyone was suddenly infected by the idea.

The reason was simple... people had a breaking point, and the soldiers had long reached theirs. If it was this bad in the camp of the Song Army, then their enemy had to be faring even worse —attacking a fortress was far more arduous than defending it, after all. Rain and her comrades knew that they were going to break soon, and so, they hoped that the Sword Army would break first.

Some even hoped for a miracle, even though there were no benign miracles in the world of the Nightmare Spell. Only harrowing omens.

Well, and there was a more concrete reason, as well.

It was that the Saints had been involving themselves in the battles as of late.

Before, the prohibition of the Queen prevented them from taking part in the defense of the fortress, but all kinds of rules and boundaries had become vague now. As a result, the Saints of both Domains entered the fray from time to time, relieving the Awakened soldiers.

Of course, once a Saint from one side joined the battle, a Saint from the other side would arrive to prevent them from doing too much harm.

But the Song Domain had more Saints than the enemy, at least. And Changing Star herself had not drawn her sword yet, limiting her occasional participation to healing the soldiers.

Since the Saints were fighting, the situation must have been really desperate.

Ray drank a bit of water from the Green Canteen and handed it to Fleur. Fleur handed it to Tamar, and Tamar returned it to Rain.

After everyone had their fill, Ray spoke hoarsely:

"Something is going on, isn't it?"

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"What exactly do you mean?"

The question was too broad. Many things were going on, most of them bad or outright terrible.

The young man looked in the direction where a tall, scorched tent stood shining in the ruthless light — it was the command tent of the Seventh Legion.

He said:

"Nobody had seen Princess Seishan on the wall today. She seems to have disappeared somewhere... a few guys saw her leaving while we slept. Considering her position, the only thing that could force her to move is an order from the Queen. So, I bet something is afoot."

Tamar remained silent for a while, then shrugged.

"Even if something is, that's none of our business."

Rain nodded.

"I'm sure we'll learn in due time."

With that, however, she glanced at her shadow.

Unnoticed by anyone, the shadow subtly signaled her that they would talk later.

She sighed.

'So something really is afoot.'

Ray, that guy... he truly had the instincts of a rat. He sensed danger better than most diviners in the employ of the Song Army.

Just as he thought that, his face suddenly changed, growing pale. His eyes widened.

A moment later, Rain sensed a deep shadow moving in their direction, and felt her heartbeat growing calmer.

The shadow fell on their pitiful group, and she turned around to look up at the person who approached them.

Then, she blinked.

'O—oh?'

There was a tall man standing above them, looking down with an aloof expression. His handsome face seemed to be carved from stone, and his eyes were as calm as a lake.

She knew who it was, of course... it was the Saint of Sorrow.

Tamar's dad.

What Rain did not know, however, was what he was doing here. He had never once shown initiative to seek out his daughter since the start of the war.

Until today.

Tamar looked as surprised to see her dad as Rain did. She stood up hurriedly and bowed her head to greet him.

"Father."

He lingered for a moment, then nodded to accept her greeting.

"Tamar. Let us talk."

She studied him carefully.

"You can speak in front of my friends."

He spared them a short glance, then sighed.

"...Alright. It is for the best, since what I am about to tell you concerns them, as well."

The Saint of Sorrow paused for a moment, then looked directly at Tamar.

"Leave the Greater Crossing Stronghold. I will arrange a transfer with Saint Seishan as soon as she returns. Your cohort will be assigned guard duty, escorting supply caravans from the Song Domain."

Guard duty...

That meant that they would have to return to the main camp of the Song Army, then descend from Godgrave to the Moonriver Plains... and come back with the next supply caravan.

They would not have to participate in the defense of the fortress anymore.

This was great news... however, it made Rain shiver.

Her eyes widened as she stared at the Saint of Sorrow, stunned.

There could only be one reason why he would sacrifice his dignity to arrange something like that.

It was that he believed that the Greater Crossing would fall, and wanted to make sure that his daughter did not perish with it.

'No way...'

Rain knew that the morale in the Song Army was woefully low. The soldiers did not believe in victory anymore — or rather, they did not care about it anymore.

But if the Saint of Sorrow, one of the most stalwart champions of the Song Domain, was doing something like that...

It meant that hopelessness had infected even the Saints, now.

Things were far worse than Rain had anticipated. Tamar's lower lip trembled.

Nevertheless, she controlled her emotions and managed to maintain her composure.

Her voice remained even:

"What about you?"

The Saint of Sorrow looked at her for a few long moments.

Then, he said simply:

"I'll stay."

With that, he raised his hand, froze for a second, and hesitantly patted her on the shoulder.

Not saying anything else, the Saint of Sorrow turned around and walked away, his broad back seemingly as solid as a cliff.

Tamar was left standing, watching him leave with a distant expression.

Rain wanted to comfort her friend, but at that moment, her shadow signaled her to move.

Letting out a sigh, Rain frowned and stood up.

She raised the Green Canteen.

"I'll go and try to find some water. You guys rest."

She left her cohort behind and headed in the opposite direction from where the Saint of Sorrow had gone.

When there was no one around to hear her, she whispered:

"What?"

Her brother quietly:

"Seishan is returning to the fortress. She's not alone, either... she's escorting a prisoner."

He lingered for a moment, then said:

"Go take a look."




***
Chapter 2182: Royal Hospitality


***






Step. Step. Another step.

The chains rattled as Cassie walked, trying to maintain some of her dignity despite the shackles. She was quite used to those, luckily, having spent most of her time in the Third Nightmare chained.

However, it was different this time.

Things had gone more or less as expected when she and Helie emerged from the Hollows and were found by the forces of Song. It was a lone pilgrim who had noticed them first, but once one of the Queen's puppets did, all of them knew.

So, her daughters did not take long to arrive from the Lesser Crossing Stronghold — Lonesome Howl, Silent Stalker, and Death Singer. They were the ones whom Cassie surrendered herself to.

Regardless of the severity of the situation... observing their confused expressions had really been quite fun.

'Should I get captured more often?'

Cassie did her best to remain calm, entertaining herself with such thoughts.

Helie and her were quickly separated. She gave her account of what had happened, mentioning Jest and his plot to have her killed — giving an explanation of why she was defecting that Helie could corroborate. There was not a word of lie in what Cassie told them.

Of course, she omitted the real reason why she had decided to seek shelter in the embrace of the Great Clan Song, making the entire tale a deception.

Truth was funny that way, sometimes.

There was no telling if the Song sisters believed her. Helie was welcomed quite well, at least... that was a relief. It seemed that the Queen still held some affection for her old mentor, Master Orum —enough so to spare his niece, if nothing else.

But the same benevolence did not extend to Cassie. Clan Song was wary of her, and so, she was treated as a prisoner, not as a guest.

...An important prisoner, at least.

That was just what Cassie had expected. When Seishan hastily arrived from the Greater Crossing to take her away in secret, Cassie was not surprised, either.

The Lost Princess of Song looked just as elegant and graceful as ever, but honestly, she had lost some of her luster. Nobody would go so far as to call her appearance ragged, and yet the signs of fatigue and mental exhaustion were nothing short of evident.

Well, it was understandable... she was the commander in charge of defending the Greater Crossing Stronghold, after all, having resisted none other than Nephis for weeks. Knowing who her enemy was, it seemed like a miracle that Seishan was even able to stand upright.

Cassie could understand, but she was still surprised. She still vividly remembered how Seishan was on the Forgotten Shore — granted, back then, all Cassie knew was her refined, husky voice... and the faint scent of blood that seemed to follow Seishan wherever she went.

Seishan had never lost the smallest bit of her refinement then.

But it was different now.

"Cassia."

The voice was still the same.

The scent of blood was much stronger, though... not that anyone but Cassie could smell it.

Now that Seishan entered, the guards stationed outside could not see her anymore, and therefore, Cassie could not see her either. She released her mark and sighed, feeling like she had returned to the past.

The voice and the scent were all that remained.

Cassie had been kept in a tent on the edges of the Lesser Crossing encampment, away from prying eyes. The tent was small and flimsy, barely dimming the radiance of the cloudy sky. The clasp had been tightly shut, as well, so the heat inside was nearly unbearable.

No one had brought her food or water, either. She was not too hungry yet, but the thirst was dreadful.

'Am I being tortured, already?'

Cassie opened her mouth and said — or rather, croaked:

"I greet Princess Seishan."

There were a few moments of silence, and then the husky voice asked:

"What are you scheming now?"

Cassie was more sensitive to voices than most people. To her, they were like a painting that brimmed with vivid color, hiding countless nuances. Seishan's voice was calm, collected, strong... but not harsh. Instead, it was soft, refined, and elegant.

But behind it all, obscured by the more beautiful colors, there was a different hue. A subtle note of tiredness, tinged with a speck of disillusionment and apprehension.

Mundane people saw Saints as demigods, but Saints were people, too. They were not immune to the shocking horrors of Godgrave... even someone as impervious to shock and trauma as Seishan, who had endured a decade of the Forgotten Shore, could not escape the dread of war unscathed.

Cassie smiled faintly.

"Would you believe me if I said that I am scheming to kill both Sovereigns and replace them with someone better?"

Her own voice was hoarse and ugly due to thirst and mistreatment.

But every word was carefully chosen and calculated. Seishan was right to assume that Cassie had a hidden motive to enter the camp of the Song Army... however, her scheme had nothing to do with taking action.

Instead, it was all about talking.

Seishan remained silent for a while, then chuckled.

"You can barely speak. That won't do... guards! Bring our esteemed guest some refreshments."

Then, her garments rustled quietly as she walked over to a folding chair and sat down.

"Someone better, you say... why, I have no doubt that you believe Changing Star to be a better option. I do not doubt that she has no shortage of splendid ambitions, either. However, I also know why the two of you lowered your heads to Valor and have been biding your time, serving them as loyal dogs for all these years."

She seemed to have leaned forward a little.

"It is because no matter how you searched and how much you prepared, you've found no way to actually defeat one Sovereign, let alone two. Something like that is outside the realm of possibility, so stop playing games. What are you really after?"

Cassie tried to laugh, but her throat was so parched that she convulsed in a coughing fit, instead.

"...Alright. You saw right through me."

Seishan waited for a bit, then asked incredulously:

"That's it? You're not going to say anything else?"

Cassie considered her answer carefully. While she was doing that, there was the sound of the tent entrance opening, and her mouth watered at the smell of food.

Seishan sent the guard away.

"Help yourself so that we could speak comfortably. Oh... I hope you'll be satisfied with a humble meal, Lady Cassia. It's just basic military rations and some wine — supply situations have been rough for us, as of late. Thanks to you and your sellsword Saint."

Cassie smiled faintly.

Seeing that she did not move, Seishan asked:

"Do you need help?"

Cassie pursed her lips, then shook her head.

"I can do it myself."

Activating her Awakened Ability, she walked over to the table and picked up a carafe of wine. The wine was watered down, of course, serving as something to satiate one's thirst rather than to lighten one's mood.

Careful not to topple anything with her chains, Cassie poured herself some and brought the goblet to her lips.

The faint scent of blood emanating from Seishan was almost overpowering at such a close distance, but she was too thirsty to care about such things.

Cassie drank deeply, feeling the cold and fragrant liquid soothe her throat.

'Ah...'

Lowering the goblet, she swayed slightly and turned to face Seishan.

"...You put something in the wine, didn't you?"

Seishan chuckled.

"I did."

Cassie exhaled slowly.

She had expected something like that, as well.




***
Chapter 2183: Drops of Poison


***






Cassie did not know what Seishan had mixed into the wine, but the effect was truly sinister.

She felt dazed, as if her head was spinning — even though it wasn't. Her body felt overly sensitive, but at the same time sluggish and hard to control. She could just barely prevent herself from swaying while taking a step.

It was almost as if she was drunk.

Actually, Cassie would not know, since she had never been drunk before. She had not tasted alcohol prior to becoming an Awakened, and later, her body was too resilient to be intoxicated easily. The memories of those under the influences of substances were usually jumbled and confusing, too, while her Ascended Ability only granted her access to the mark's senses, not their mind.

So, she could only imagine.

If that was what being drunk felt like... she wanted none of it.

'Ah. How vile'.

Much worse than her dazed condition was the fact that her soul was in the same state — that was why the strange drug Seishan had made her drink was so startling and sinister.

Cassie could barely control her Aspect. In fact, she was not sure if she could control it at all... trying to activate her Aspect Abilities made her dizzy, and the input she received from them was fragmented at best, and unreliable at worst.

She could not get a grasp on her essence, either, which now flowed freely and refused to follow her will.

She could not even pull on her tether and return to the waking world. It was still there, somewhere in her soul... presumably. But she could not sense it.

'How insidious.'

The royal clan of the Sword Domain possessed deep knowledge of runic sorcery and had many capable craftsmen. So, it was no surprise that they could create restraints capable of imprisoning Awakened, Ascended, and even Saints — like the cage in the Night Temple where she had nearly died in solitude, or the cell where Master Orum was kept, interrogated, and eventually killed.

Clan Song was not ignorant of runic sorcery, of course, but their attainments were much more modest. Ki Song had not risen to prominence until the first great Awakened families were already deeply established, after all, so her clan's foundation was shallow in comparison.

Nevertheless, it seemed that Song had their own ways of solving problems.

Cassie did not know what kind of mystical poison she had ingested, but its effects were in no way inferior to a cage created by the runesmiths of Clan Valor. In fact, in some aspects, it was even superior.

For one, she could be freely moved.

Seishan had given her just enough time to finish the meal, then immediately took her away from the Lesser Crossing. She also put a bag over Cassie's head — quite unceremoniously, at that.

Obviously, the bag was not meant to obscure her vision. Cassie was blind, and now that she could not use her Aspect, she was almost as helpless as a mundane blind person would be. The bag was meant to prevent other people from looking at her, instead.

After all, Cassie was supposed to be dead. Clan Song might have been wary of her schemes, but they saw the advantage of maintaining that part of her deceit, at least.

The bag was a simple, but adequate tool of keeping her identity hidden. That said, it did not smell too good and quickly turned into an oven under the radiant light of Godgrave, making it hard for her to breathe.

Cassie endured the discomfort in silence.

Judging by the scent, the sound, and the subtle presence... Seishan had arrived on the back of a Nightmare Creature enthralled by Beastmaster. Now, both of them were standing on its carapace as the creature ran across the bone plain.

They were probably heading to the Greater Crossing Stronghold, where Cassie would have an audience with the Queen.

The Western First Rib, where the Lesser Crossing was located, was not too far from the Greater Crossing. However, there was a great difference in elevation between them, as well as a wide abyss. So, in order to ascend to the Collarbone Plain, one had to travel west, use a series of elevators constructed by Clan Song, and then return east.

The Nightmare Creature was swift, but it would still take them a long time to reach its destination... or so Cassie had thought before the beast leapt, and she was suddenly overcome by a sense of weightlessness. Then, the carapace moved beneath her, and she heard a loud rustling sound, as if a dragonfly was beating its wings.

'We're flying.'

So, that was how Seishan had arrived so soon.

Cassie had less time than she had hoped for.

After remaining silent for a while, she spoke:

"How many of your Handmaidens died in this war?"

Seishan seemed to turn her head, studying her.

Eventually, she answered neutrally:

"Two."

There was a short pause, and she added with the smallest hint of reluctance in her voice:

"...It would have been three, if not for Nephis."

Cassie smiled bitterly.

"I lost seven of my Fire Keepers."

She wondered how her own voice sounded, muffled by the thick bag.

"Well, at least none of your sisters died. You are lucky."

Seishan remained silent for a while.

"You are wrong."

Cassie raised an eyebrow, then remembered that Seishan could not see her face.

Was that how people felt when they spoke to her?

"What do you mean?"

Finally, Seishan's voice betrayed a bitter feeling, becoming painted by a much darker palette of emotions than the vibrant splendor of her usual hues.

"I have more sisters than people tend to remember. None of the seven of us who had reached Transcendence died. But that doesn't mean that we lost no one."

Cassie remained silent for a while, pretending to be surprised by the news.

...Of course, she knew how many adopted daughters Ki Song had, what their Ranks were, and which of them had perished in the war.

Seishan seemed to think that Cassie's goal was to gain an audience with the Queen, for whatever reason — perhaps to strike a deal, or maybe even try something daring and unwise.

But she was wrong.

Cassie did want to speak with the Queen, but her true target... was already in her grasp.

It was Seishan herself.

Seishan had put something in her drink, and Cassie was returning the favor.

Every carefully chosen word she spoke was a drop of poison.

She just had to be subtle about it, so that her target remained none the wiser... and so that by the time her poison took hold, it was already too late to administer an antidote.

Cassie's goal in the camp of the Song Army was to turn the daughters of Ki Song against their mother, removing them from her Domain when the time to choose sides came.




***
Chapter 2184: The Other Side


***






After some time, the Nightmare Creature landed. Cassie was in such a poor state that she almost rolled off its carapace — luckily, Seishan extended a hand to catch her.

As they descended from the beast's back, Cassie could feel the solid surface of the ancient bone under her feet once more. The bone was the same, and the heat was the same... but the wind was different.

That was because they weren't on the First Rib anymore, and thus were not shielded from the winds rolling down the slopes of the Hollow Mountains anymore. They had arrived on the Collarbone Plain.

The Great Crossing Stronghold — and the Queen of Worms — had to be close now.

Which meant that this could very well be Cassie's last chance to talk to Seishan. However, she remained silent, knowing that being too obvious would only be harmful. The seeds she wanted to plant had already been planted... the soil was already made rich by the senseless war.

Now, all she had to do was wait for the rains to come, and see the seeds she had sown sprout to life.

...Hopefully.

Another reason why Cassie remained silent was that, soon enough, they were surrounded by the sound of steps. She shivered, suddenly overcome by an eerie sense of incongruity... because those steps sounded like they were made by humans, and yet, there were no other subtle sounds that humans always made to accompany them.

No breathing. No heartbeat. No rustle of clothes or scraping of armor from the small gestures people usually made.

'Pilgrims.'

Dozens of pilgrims gathered around them, serving as a silent escort.

Surrounded by the dead from all sides, Cassie was led across the bone plain by Seishan.

Step. Step. Another step.

Her chains rattled quietly.

Soon enough, a nearly overwhelming sea of sounds and smells washed over her, and Cassie realized that they were nearing the Greater Crossing Stronghold.

'I made such a long journey... just to end up so close to where I had started.'

Beyond the fortress built from the bones of a Great Demon lay the chasm, and beyond the chasm, across a stretch of battered bone, lay the siege camp of the Sword Army. The Ivory Island was right above it, drifting between the corpse of a dead god and the annihilating sky.

Nephis was so close, but also so impossibly distant.

This small distance — the two army camps, the fortress wall, and the dark chasm — was perhaps the hardest piece of land to cross in all of human history.

Cassie sighed as they entered the vast courtyard of the stronghold. It sounded and smelled almost exactly like the siege camp of the Sword Army, except for the fact that there was the ghastly scent of Nightmare Creatures added to the mix here, as well.

Almost as if the people on the opposite sides of the chasm were exactly the same, and had no real reason to be divided into two warring armies.

As Cassie walked through the camp of the Song Army, surrounded by pilgrims, the strange procession inevitably drew attention. However, no one could see her well behind the barrier of walking corpses.

Still...

One of Sunny's incarnations was somewhere here. He had to be watching, no doubt.

She hoped that he would not do anything hasty.

Cassie shifted her hands slightly, causing the chains to rattle. Her fingers moved, but nobody who saw it would have been able to read the signal she was giving.

Because she wasn't using her fingers to relay the message.

Instead, it was their shadow that formed a simple sign.

'I am alright.'

She hoped he sensed it.

Now that everything was at stake, each of them had their part to play. Cassie had already done everything she could, except for this one final task. That was what she had to concentrate on, trusting in Nephis and Sunny to finish the job.

Nothing else mattered.

"Am I going to see the Queen now?"

Seishan answered dryly:

"Yes."

Cassie took a deep breath, wondering what Ki Song was like.

Was she still like the little girl she had seen in Orum's memories? The young woman who had been left all alone in the cruel world, seeking vengeance against those who had betrayed her mother and stole her inheritance? The confident leader who led her people to prosperity despite great adversity?

Or were all traces of Ki Song Master Orum had known erased by time, with only the cold and ruthless visage of the Raven Queen left in her wake?

Cassie hesitated.

"Any advice?"

The question seemed comical, but who else could she ask if not Seishan? Ki Song was her mother, after all.

Strangely enough, Seishan lingered with the answer.

"Why are you asking me?"

Cassie smiled secretly, pleased.

"You are one of her daughters, after all. Is there someone who understands her better?"

Seishan scoffed.

"Why should I help an enemy of Clan Song understand her?"

Cassie sighed in dejection.

"An enemy? Oh my. You were calling me an esteemed guest just earlier..."

But she wasn't really disappointed. The response did not really matter. The questions themselves were more important.

Nevertheless, unexpectedly, Seishan did give her an answer.

"I won't presume to understand my mother. But... she has been lonely, I think. She must be, since there is no one around her who isn't either her servant or her responsibility. In that sense, an enemy is much more precious."

She paused for a moment, and then added:

"...Misuse this information, and I will kill you."

Cassie smiled darkly, suppressing a sigh.

Seishan must have hoped that Cassie was attempting to strike a deal with her mother — and, therefore, Nephis was.

But she was wrong.

Nephis only intended to kill her mother, while at the same time hoping not to have to kill Seishan and her sisters in the aftermath.

The Queen had to be dealt with, but slaying the Seven Princesses and destroying Clan Song would be a great loss. Having them fight for humanity in the future was a priceless luxury.

It all depended on whether Seishan and her sisters could be reasoned with after their mother fell.

'What a mess.'

Cassie did not know where they arrived, but could feel a cool shadow falling over her.

Then, there was the sound of a heavy gate opening, and she was led away from the unbearable heat into a chillingly cold space.

Her audience with the Queen was about to start.




***
Chapter 2185: Ravensong


***






Seishan led Cassie into the depths of the cold structure. The deeper they went and the more gates they passed, the colder it became, until Cassie could not help but shiver.

Eventually, complete silence enveloped them.

'Where is she?'

Although Cassie was in a strange state and couldn't really control her Aspect, her Dormant Ability was still working — even if it was much more difficult to understand what it was telling her than usual. So, she was curious to see what the runes would tell her about the Queen.

Chances were they were going to tell her very little, since someone as powerful as Ki Song would without a doubt have protected herself against curious diviners. Still, she hoped to learn something.

Seishan placed a hand on Cassie's shoulder, forcing her to stop, then pressed down gently. Cassie had no choice but to kneel.

The bag was taken off her head.

She could not hear anything, she could not smell anything. Her Dormant Ability seemed to hint that there was no one in front of her.

And yet, she felt it... a deep, profound presence that seemed to drown the entire world. As if there was an immense, ancient, terrifying beast hiding in the darkness right in front of her.

Struggling against her dazed mind, Cassie reached toward the mark she had left on Seishan and activated it.

Perhaps because they were so close, or perhaps purely by luck, she actually managed to maintain a tenuous hold on her Ascended Ability, this time...

And shuddered.

Looking through Seishan's eyes, she could finally see where they were.

A large stone chamber surrounded them, full of shadows. Cold light was pouring from high above, illuminating a lonesome stone throne.

A breathtakingly beautiful woman was sitting on the throne, her red gown spilling over its steps like a river of blood. Her skin was pale as that of a corpse, and her hair was like a stream of impenetrable, lustrous darkness.

A faint smile was playing on her tantalizing lips, and her eyes were, were...

Mesmerizing... but at the same time eerie and disturbing. There was a hint of emptiness and distance about them, like that of someone who was long dead.

She was the source of the wild, overwhelming, bestial presence Cassie had sensed.

If Anvil's presence was heavy and oppressive, then Ki Song's presence was subtle — and more frightening for it. Cassie felt fear grasp her heart with icy claws.

It was the ancient, primal fear that all living beings felt in the presence of a superior predator.

Two youths — a boy and a girl — were standing at either side of the throne, staring into the distance with empty eyes.

It took Cassie a few moments to realize that neither of them was alive.

No...

None of the three were.

Because the breathtaking woman sitting on the throne was, without a doubt, dead too.

Shaking off her shock, Cassie shivered and bowed deeply.

"Greetings, Your Majesty."

The dead woman turned her head slightly and looked at her, making Cassie's entire body tremble against her will.

Ki Song did not speak. Instead, the dead boy standing to her left opened his mouth and said in a clear voice:

"Song of the Fallen..."

Almost at the same time, the dead girl spoke as well:

"...I've been curious to meet you."

Cassie tried to calm her wildly beating heart and straightened her back, facing the dead woman on the throne.

'There is nothing.'

Her Dormant Ability did not show her anything, as if there was no one in front of her at all. Almost as if...

Her expressions changed.

"You... are a puppet."

The Queen leaned back on the throne, while the dead girl laughed melodiously.

Cassie barely prevented herself from swaying. Her thoughts became tangled.

Ki Song — her original body — was merely a puppet, just like the two youths and the rest of her pilgrims. She was nothing but a dead body animated by the power of her Aspect.

Then where was her true vessel?

Cassie pursed her lips.

"I am not sure that we've really met then, Your Majesty. If I may be so bold as to ask... where is the real you?"

Ki Song looked at her with a smile. The boy answered:

"Everywhere."

Cassie shuddered.

'Everywhere...'

She understood what the Queen meant instinctually. It was not that any of her dead puppets could serve as the vessel of her soul... it was that all of them were the vessel, and she existed everywhere the myriads of her pilgrims were, always, all at once.

Which meant that in order to kill the Raven Queen... one would have to eradicate all of her countless puppets, no matter where they were.

How were Nephis and Sunny meant to do that?

Cassie remained silent for a while.

Eventually, she exhaled slowly.

"All across Godgrave, your puppets are with the soldiers of the Song Army. They are the first to attack, and the first ones to be cut down. That means that you have fought a thousand battles, Your Majesty, and were killed ten thousand times."

Ki Song — the puppet made from her original body — tilted her head.

"...A million battles. Ten million deaths."

Whenever she wanted to speak, one of the two dead youths would do it in her stead. Two clear voices would harmonize at times, then separate again, making it seem like countless people were talking.

Cassie gathered her courage.

She hesitated for a few long moments, then said:

"I was with Master Orum when he died. I glimpsed his memories."

Ki Song lowered her head, her expression betraying a hint of melancholy for a fleeting moment.

"Uncle Orie..."

A subtle sigh escaped from her enchanting lips.

But that hint of emotion was gone in an instant, replaced by inhuman composure.

"What about it?"

Cassie took a deep breath.

"He was your teacher, was he not? He asked the students of the Academy once about what the essence of combat was. Your answer... was failure. You said that if someone is forced to fight, they have already failed."

Ki Song looked at her curiously.

"So what if I did?"

Cassie smiled darkly.

"Why this war, then? Is it not the greatest failure one can imagine?"

The Queen remained silent for a few moments.

Then, both of the dead youths laughed brightly, their clear voices fusing together flawlessly.

When their laughter grew quiet, the dead girl spoke:

"Of course, it is. I thought that would be self-evident."




***
Chapter 2186: Master of Puppets


***






Cassie remained silent for a few moments.

'Self-evident…'

Was that the answer she had expected? Or the opposite of it? She was not sure, since Ki Song —the Raven Queen — was a nebulous existence. She was much more reticent and withdrawn than Anvil, ruling the Song Domain from the depths of her obsidian palace.

Who knew what was on her mind?

Cassie smiled faintly.

"If you see the war as failure, why did you start it?"

The dead queen studied her quietly, then sighed.

"Are you really in the position to ask me questions, Song of the Fallen?"

There was no particular threat in her voice, but Cassie shivered.

What position was she in?

Blind, stripped of her Aspect, driven to her knees, and at the mercy of her captors... it was hard to imagine someone more powerless.

And yet, that was exactly where Cassie wanted to be. That was the position from which she was planning to break the Song Domain.

But Ki Song did not have to know that.

Cassie raised her chin slightly.

"I guess I am not. However, I know a lot of secrets... one of them in particular would be of great value to Your Majesty."

Ki Song raised an eyebrow.

"Oh? You want to barter with me..."

Before the dead boy even finished speaking, the dead girl laughed.

Then, both of them abruptly grew silent.

The Queen looked at Cassie coldly, making her heart beat like a bird trapped in a cage.

"But I don't need to pay. Any secret you have, I can simply take."

She raised a hand in a fluid, elegant motion...

And at the same time, Cassie's own hand rose, mirroring what Ki Song had done.

She turned her head, studying it in horror.

"Y—you... you..."

The Queen smiled coldly.

"You have drunk of my blood. Now, you are my puppet. You will do as I command, whether you like it or not."

Cassie struggled to suppress the trembling that had overwhelmed her body. She failed to do so, so Ki Song did it for her. As her slender hand turned into a fist, Cassie's body grew motionless.

Only her eyes, hidden by the blindfold, were moving erratically.

'...I see. Makes sense.'

So what Seishan had mixed into the wine was not poison, but a drop of Ki Song's blood. And now, the Queen could control Cassie's body like a marionette... her soul as well, at least to some degree.

But not to an absolute degree. Otherwise, Cassie would not have access to her Aspect at all.

'Does she control her daughters the same way, I wonder?'

If so, that would be a problem.

However, Cassie did not think that that was the case.

Firstly, because she had perceived the Queen's daughters with her Dormant Ability. If they had been turned into puppets, she would have learned it then.

Second of all... it was simply because Ki Song and her adopted daughters, ironically enough, resembled a normal family much more than Anvil and his biological children did.

The Queen actually cared about Seishan and her sisters. Therefore, she would not have done something so terrible and violating to them.

Cassie tried to regain her composure.

After a few long moments, she opened her mouth and said slowly:

"I've been meaning to ask... how come your puppets don't rot? It was somewhat possible to explain in Ravenheart, where it's usually cold. But here in Godgrave, the heat is terrible. And yet, there is no stench."

The insult in her words was not even that hidden.

The Queen studied her for a moment, then chuckled.

"Insolent girl."

A moment later, Cassie's hand rose on its own and dug into her cheek, leaving four deep cuts on it.

Red blood splattered on the floor, and Cassie bit her lips to suppress a groan.

Ki Song could have punished her much more thoroughly, but did not seem inclined to do that... yet.

Instead, he gestured to herself.

"To satisfy your curiosity, my puppets don't rot because they are under my control. If I want to make them rot, they will..."

At her words, the beautiful woman on the throne suddenly changed. Black spots appeared on her flawless skin, swiftly turning into revolting pustules. Her skin sagged, as if the muscles beneath were disappearing. Her beautiful hair turned bleak and brittle before falling off her scalp in clumps.

In a matter of seconds, the corpse went through various stages of decomposition, until a hideous mummy was left sitting on the throne.

The mummy calmly lowered her hand, and one of the two dead youths spoke:

"...and if I want them to stay as they were, they won't."

Then, as Cassie watched with a sense of trepidation, the body of Ki Song changed once more. This time, the process of decomposition seemed to happen in reverse, and seconds later, she was once again whole and breathtakingly beautiful.

The Queen's crimson lips twisted into a mesmerizing smile.

"There are different levels of mastery to puppetry, you see. And I have mastered them all."

Cassie shivered, suddenly realizing that Ki Song was not merely limited to controlling the movements of her puppets. No... her control went much deeper than that.

Which meant that if the Queen so wished, she could make Cassie's own body rot and decompose, as well.

'That... would be a new nightmare, even for me.'

Ki Song grew silent for a while, looking at Cassie with a distant look.

Then, she sighed.

Her sigh was immaculately natural — to a degree that Cassie could not truly believe that she was looking at a puppeteered corpse that did not even need to breathe, not of a living woman.

Every little detail was flawless. The posture, the slight tilt of her head, the smallest facial expression... it was hard to believe that Ki Song was controlling every tiny muscle in her body consciously to produce the illusion of natural life. She had not just mastered all levels of puppeteering — she was an artist.

The Queen shook her head elegantly, and then said using the dead girl's mouth:

"In truth, this war of ours was inevitable."

Her gaze turned a little distant.

"It was set in stone the moment Smile of Heaven died…"




***
Chapter 2187: Seeds of War


***






Cassie held her breath, stunned and intrigued by the Queen's words.

Smile of Heaven? What role did she have to play in the war between Valor and Song?

Even Seishan seemed surprised, tilting her head slightly. It seemed that she was hearing this for the first time, too.

Cassie raised an eyebrow.

"Smile of Heaven? Immortal Flame's daughter?"

Ki Song nodded, her expression turning a little wistful.

"If you really witnessed Uncle Orie's memories, then you should know. How exceptional she was; how the world itself seemed to revolve around her. As if she was beloved by heavens — if not, then at least by the Nightmare Spell. She was the daughter of the first man to become a Master, and she was the first person to receive her True Name in the First Nightmare. Her future seemed boundless. Ah, but that was not even what was so exceptional about Smile of Heaven. What was truly amazing was how easily she could bring people together."

The Queen turned to gaze at Cassie and smiled.

"...Maybe that was the talent our world needed the most, and why she was so beloved by it. After all, no one survives in the Dream Realm alone. And no one can defy the Nightmare Spell alone, either."

She grew silent for a few moments.

"We were the no different... Broken Sword and his cohort. He might have been the deadliest among us, and Anvil might have been the most stalwart. I had my uses, as well — a perfect Utility Aspect to complement their fearsome power, and enough tenacity to survive the most dire perils. And then there was the Dreamspawn, whose cunning and insidious Aspect could solve problems that strength and courage could not. But it was Smile of Heaven who was the glue that held us all together."

Cassie could not help but think about Nephis... Nephis, who could not be more different from her mother. She was the direct opposite of the lively and infectious young woman from Master Orum's memories — Nephis was awkward, withdrawn, harsh, and difficult to deal with most of the time instead.

And yet, she too was like that. A glue that brought together people who would have never become companions otherwise.

Like Cassie, who had been destined to die on the day of the winter solstice.

She frowned.

"You say it as if your cohort was destined to fall apart without Smile of Heaven. But it didn't. You still conquered the Third Nightmare together... you became Sovereigns."

Ki Song chuckled.

"Yes. Yes, we did. But, you see... even though Smile of Heaven was gone, we still achieved all those things because of her. It was just that we weren't held together by the woman herself anymore — instead, we were held together by her ghost."

She leaned on the backrest of her throne and grew quiet for a while, as if remembering something.

Eventually, the Queen spoke somberly — or rather, one of her youthful puppets did.

"It was such a disaster, back then. We were steeling ourselves for the moment when the first Category Four Gate would open... but instead, a true calamity in the form of a Category Five Gate descended upon North America without any warning. Broken Sword was on an expedition in the Dream Realm at that time, so by the time the news reached him, it was already too late. Immortal Flame would not stay idle, of course, and his daughter would not stay still while people were dying either."

She paused, and the other puppet continued:

"So, they led the effort to stall the Nightmare Creatures while at least some of the population was evacuated. And they died."

Ki Song leaned forward and made one of the puppets ask Cassie in an insidious voice:

"So, what do you think happened next, Song of the Fallen? What was the true inception of this war?"

Cassie hesitated.

She could guess...

"Was it... Anvil? He would have just lost his wife recently. Almost immediately after, Smile of Heaven died. His determination to turn his heart into a piece of cold steel was already slowly turning him inhuman, and these events would only make him break further. However, he was still capable of at least one emotion... resentment. He must have resented Broken Sword a great deal, for letting Smile of Heaven die. Because he had distanced himself from her hoping that Broken Sword would make her happy and keep her safe instead."

The dead youths laughed.

Once the echoes of their eerie laughter died down, Ki Song shook her head with a smile.

"A keen insight. However, Anvil was not the reason..."

Cassie frowned.

"He... wasn't?"

Ki Song shook her head.

"No. Broken Sword was."

Her smile dimmed, replaced by a cold and heartless expression.

"Because despite all reason, the fool refused to believe that Smile of Heaven had truly died. Her ghost continued to pursue us even after the woman herself was gone. That was what kept us together, pushed us forward, and allowed us to become the first human Saints."

She leaned back, an expression of melancholy appearing on her breathtakingly beautiful face.

"That... was also the root cause of all our failures. The seed from which this war was born."

Cassie frowned, confused.

"I... I don't think I understand. Neph's mom... Smile of Heaven... her soul was destroyed. She became Hollow. Why would Broken Sword believe otherwise? And why would his belief cause the war?"

Ki Song studied her for a while.

Then, she chuckled.

"The first question is easy enough to answer. You should know at least something about Smile of Heaven's Aspect, no? Her soul could wonder about, getting into all kinds of adventures. So, despite everything, Broken Sword believed that she was simply unable to find the way back to her body. That her soul was still out there, somewhere, instead of having been destroyed."

Cassie raised an eyebrow.

"That would be nearly impossible. Unless..."

The Queen nodded.

"Yes. It could have been possible if her soul got lost anywhere except America. Even if she somehow lost the way back to her body, she would not have been stranded there — she would have been immediately destroyed. Because her soul was merely Ascended, and there were Cursed Ones devouring the continent around her. She would have been consumed, as well."

She smiled faintly.

"The only chance Smile of Heaven could be alive — an infinitely small chance — is if she somehow reached the Category Five Gate unscathed and used it to travel to the Category Five Seed it is connected to in the Dream Realm. Then challenged the Fifth Nightmare."

Cassie's eyes widened.

"You mean..."

The dead girl scoffed.

"Indeed. Broken Sword couldn't cope with the thought that his wife was dead, so he convinced himself that she was waiting for him to rescue her in the Nightmare. So... he became obsessed with the idea of challenging the Fifth Nightmare, as soon as possible."

She fell silent, and after a while, the dead boy added in a somber tone:

"And as a result, Anvil decided to kill him."




***
Chapter 2188: Flowers of Betrayal


***






Cassie remained silent for a few moments, pondering the Queen's words with a frown on her face. The truth — if it was the truth — was not exactly how Jest remembered it.

But what Ki Song had told her did not contradict what Jest remembered. Rather, it gave her perspective, allowing Cassie to slowly put together the whole picture.

Eventually, she shook her head.

"Was it not too harsh, to condemn Broken Sword simply because he hoped to save his wife? Even if that hope was entirely misguided."

The Queen studied her coldly for a while, then sighed.

"Was it? Well, maybe it was. But, you see, one has to pay a price for folly. The price is not too terrible when an ordinary person becomes misguided, but what if someone like Broken Sword loses his reason? He was the pillar of humanity, after all. So, all of humanity had to pay for his mistakes."

Ki Song leaned back and pursed her alluring lips contemptuously.

"Broken Sword... became truly obsessed with finding a way to bring Smile of Heaven back. He was not entirely in his right mind, I think, completely overcome by that longing. So, he poured all his time and energy into becoming stronger, hoping to conquer the Third and Fourth Nightmares before challenging the Fifth in time. It was to such a degree that he even neglected his newborn daughter, leaving her in the care of Immortal Flame's widow."

Cassie looked at her sharply.

Nephis had never mentioned being neglected by her father. But then again... she did not seem to have a lot of memories of him, either. She had been four when Broken Sword died, which was far too young to lose a parent — but not too young to remember them clearly, while she only remembered him vaguely.

In hindsight, it made sense. Broken Sword had become a Saint when Nephis was three — he would have spent a long time in the Nightmare, and even before that, he would have been fully engrossed in getting ready to challenge it. After all, becoming the first human Saint was not a task that could be undertaken lightly.

So, how much time would he have had to spend with his daughter? How much of that time his attention would have really been on her, instead of wandering away to more important issues?

Cassie sighed.

"Was it such a terrible desire, to challenge the Fifth Nightmare?"

The dead boy laughed.

"Cheeky girl! I see you have a habit of asking questions despite already knowing the answers."

The other puppet looked at her somberly.

"...In and of itself, the idea of challenging the Fifth Nightmare is not terrible. However, nothing exists in a vacuum. The world is a system of intricately interconnected gears, and touching one —especially one as monumental as Apotheosis —will affect countless others. But Broken Sword did not care, lost in his obsession, and could not be reasoned with. All our attempts to bring him back to his senses failed."

The Queen smiled darkly.

"To conquer the Fifth Nightmare, one has to become a deity. A lesser one, but still a god. Broken Sword wanted to become a god, but did he consider the consequences? Even if he did, he remained set in his ways. However, while challenging the Fifth Nightmare was not a terrible idea in and of itself, the consequences of conquering it were."

She shifted slightly and glanced at Seishan.

"You listen too, Seishan. Back then, the research conducted by Dr. Obel was still new, but the data he had compiled was already convincing. There seemed to be a connection between the number and power of the Awakened and the potency of the Nightmare Gates that ravaged Earth. The more of us there were, and the more power we accumulated, the faster our world spiraled toward destruction. So, a measured approach was needed... not a reckless, hasty, blind charge Broken Sword was dead set on."

Cassie looked at the Queen darkly.

"...That was why you killed him? That was why you throttled the growth of humanity, limiting the number of people who were allowed to become Saints? It was all to pace the destruction of our world?"

Ki Song let out a sigh.

"Yes... and no. We knew that Earth would inevitably be consumed by the Dream Realm. We knew that preserving the entire population was an unrealistic goal. So, we did our best to slow down the Nightmare Spell... through any means necessary, no matter how callous... and dedicated our efforts to building and developing safe havens in the Dream Realm for those few who would survive — the Citadels. However, that was not the only reason why we killed Broken Sword... or even the main one."

Cassie raised an eyebrow.

"There were more?"

She already knew the main reason, of course. However, she wanted Ki Song to confirm it.

The Queen shrugged.

"Another reason was the nature of Earth itself. Our world... is a very special place, even among the rest of the Divine Realms. War God might be dead, but the laws she set for her own Realm are still intact. She was the patron deity of humanity, after all, as well as of intellect, technology, and progress. Therefore, her Realm was always a shelter for humans, and only humans, as well as a place where logic and reason were much firmer and more reliable than anywhere else."

Cassie opened her eyes widely. That was not something she had known before — so, she listened to Ki Song with strange intensity.

It was funny. For someone who always complained about the crushing weight of knowledge, she had long become enamored by it. Her thirst for knowledge was almost like an addiction by now.

The Queen shifted slightly on her throne.

"That is why there had never really been any true sorcery on Earth — especially not since all other realms fell. No Awakened, no Aspects, no mythical creatures... just us. That is also why ours was the last realm to be infected by the Nightmare Spell, and it will be the last one to succumb."




***
Chapter 2189: Conspiracy


***






Cassie inhaled slowly.

There were no Awakened in the Realm of War God... and therefore, it had been the last to be infected by the Nightmare Spell.

That proved that Nightmare Gates and Awakened were somehow connected, all by itself.

The question was, which came first? Had the Nightmares reached Earth, causing the Spell to descend and cause people to Awaken, or had the Spell infected Earth, bringing Nightmares in its wake?

Then again, if one was to believe late Professor Obel and his research, it was one and the same — because ripples caused by these vents spread outward in time, affecting both the past and the future.

She frowned.

"I don't see what any of this has to do with Broken Sword, though."

Ki Song smiled from her throne.

"You don't? Then think about it... Earth, the Realm of War God, is supposed to be a perfectly mundane world. Its laws prevent people from unsealing their Aspects, Awakening, and wielding sorcery. Now, what happens when the Nightmare Spell penetrates its borders and pushes humans onto the Path of Ascension?"

Cassie looked at her with a stunned expression.

"The laws... start to repel them?"

The Queen chuckled.

"Correct! Ah, it is a pleasure to converse with someone so sharp. Yes — the higher you climb on the path to divinity, the more you are repelled by the laws governing our realm. It feels like the world itself is rejecting you. You might not have felt it yet as a Saint, since you exist halfway between the Dream Realm and Earth... at least not clearly. But once one becomes a Supreme, the force of rejection turns palpable. It is very difficult for us to return to the waking world, and every second we spend there is an arduous struggle against the laws that want to push us back out. The only reason we can return at all is that we possess the Will."

She paused for a moment, a wistful expression appearing on her breathtakingly beautiful face.

"That is why I spent years separated from my daughters, only able to see them in their dreams... things are better now that they have climbed the Ranks, of course, but I still have regrets. That is also why Nightmare Creatures of higher Ranks are restrained in their movements on Earth, and have not destroyed it entirely yet. Things are already this bad for us Supremes, you see. A Sacred existence, though... well, nobody knows for sure. But it is almost certain that a Sacred human won't be able to set foot on Earth at all."

Ki Song tilted her head a little.

"We were the strongest champions of humanity, all those years ago... Broken Sword, Anvil, the Dreamspawn, and I. I did not want to abandon the waking world and leave those living in it defenseless, especially not in the aftermath of what had happened in America, and Anvil was of the same mind. But Broken Sword had a different opinion. He was so insistent, so driven... impossible to dissuade. His unwillingness to slow down widened the fracture that had appeared between us when Smile of Heaven died, turning it into a divide."

She smiled somberly.

"So, you see, there were many reasons. A difference of opinion on how to protect our world best. The fear of causing a ripple that would accelerate its destruction if we went too far. The silent resentment Anvil harbored against Broken

Sword, the absence of Smile of Heaven, who used to be the heart of our cohort. Oh, and of course... the most important reason of all. The most decisive one, as well as one that could have hardly been fixed unless Broken Sword died."

Cassie already knew what it was, having learned the truth from Jest's memories. She looked at the Queen silently.

The dead youths laughed.

"...One might say that it was fate."

Cassie frowned.

"I don't believe in fate that much."

The Queen smiled.

"An amusing thing to hear, from the lips of an oracle."

Cassie matched her amused smile with a dark one of her own.

It is because I am familiar with fate so well that I don't put much faith in it."

She hesitated for a few moments, then asked:

"So, what was the decisive reason?"

Ki Song commanded her puppets to chuckle, then leaned forward slightly and looked at her.

Her beautiful smile widened a little.

"...Why don't you ask Anvil?"

Cassie gritted her teeth, cursing inwardly.

"I obviously can't. Anymore."

The Queen studied her for a while, amusement slowly draining from her eyes. Her smile dimmed, replaced by a cold and ruthless expression.

She leaned back and let out a sigh.

"Can't you? Or are you here doing his bidding? Well, we shall see."

Ki Song remained silent for a while. Eventually, the dead girl spoke again:

"It happened immediately after we conquered the Third Nightmare, although I suspect that Anvil had been harboring his plan for much longer. Perhaps he decided to kill Broken Sword not long after America, even. Who knows that man's heart? He made a deal with the Dreamspawn first, drawing him to his side. Then, the two of them came to me."

His alluring lips twisted into a faint smile.

"I guess I was given a choice, albeit a dubious one. By then, Broken Sword had become... frighteningly powerful. Enough so that Anvil was not confident that he would be able to defeat him even with the Dreamspawn's help. He was just being meticulous, though — in truth, odds were overwhelmingly in their favor, especially since they had the element of surprise on their side. Betrayal always favors the traitors, after all."

She looked at Cassie with a wry glint in her eyes.

"If I refused to join their plot, and they succeeded in killing Broken Sword, I would have been next... actually, they would have tried to kill me first to eliminate any possibility that I would warn him. I did not deceive myself into thinking that Anvil would spare me on account of our shared past."

Ki Song chuckled, seemingly amused by her own memories.

"I was always a bit of an outsider among the members of the cohort, you see. Anvil, Smile of Heaven, and Broken Sword had always been together — they had been a team from all the way back at the Academy. The darlings of the prominent Legacy clans. But I was a person of much more humble origins, and so, they only extended a hand to me once I had proven my worth."




***
Chapter 2190: Broken Sword


***






She shook her head.

"So, Anvil would not have hesitated to discard me if I refused, camaraderie and loyalty be damned. These words did not mean much to him by that point, anyway. I could have taken Broken Sword's side at the decisive moment, I suppose — together, we would have stood a good chance against the other two. But, honestly, I saw no reason to save him. After all, there was cold logic behind Anvil's decision, distasteful as it was."

The Queen fell silent for a long time, then sighed heavily.

Her mesmerizing gaze turned to Seishan.

"What do you think, Seishan? Do you resent your mother?"

The Song princess, who had been a silent witness to the conversation until then, studied her with a somber expression.

Eventually, she shrugged.

"Well, I'm not sure. I've been known to betray men who trusted me as well. So no, I don't resent you for that."

What was left unsaid was that she did resent Ki Song for something else. It was not surprising, however... all children harbored a bit of resentment for their parents in their hearts.

Seishan had more reasons to feel that way than most. After all, she had been adopted by Ki Song as a young child without having much say in the matter. She received the lineage of Beast God without being asked. She was made a carrier of the Nightmare Spell without being given a choice to refuse, and spent a harrowing decade on the Forgotten Shore as a result.

And now, she was fighting her mother's war without being given a way out.

Cassie was sure that there were a lot of complicated emotions in Seishan's heart.

'I wonder... how come I am the only normal person around?'

No, that did not sound quite right.

Cassie did not lack self-awareness, so it was easy to admit that there was hardly a less normal person than her in the world. However, her parents and her relationship with them were both perfectly healthy and ordinary. Everyone else seemed to compete for the best childhood trauma award, though. Morgan and Mordret, Seishan and her sisters... Nephis.

Perhaps she was spending too much time around heirs of the Great Clans.

'If I survive this, I should be a better auntie to Little Ling...'

A pale smile found its way onto her lips, and she spoke quietly:

"I know someone who would resent you more."

The Queen turned away from her daughter and looked at Cassie with a hint of amusement.

"Oh... I have no doubt. Little Nephie is all grown up now, isn't she? Ah... she was such a sweet child."

Her smile wilted like a flower, making her breathtakingly beautiful face look cruel and cold.

Ki Song regarded Cassie with dark indifference.

"I missed her a lot, at the start."

Cassie scoffed.

"Is that why you brought the Immortal Flame clan to ruin and sent assassins to kill her?"

The Queen just shrugged indifferently.

"No. That was not why."

She smiled coldly.

"But why are you jumping ahead, Song of the Fallen? I rarely get the chance to reminisce about the past, so let's see... where was I? Ah, yes. Anvil and his disguised ultimatum. We joined hands, he and I — and the Dreamspawn, of course. We just became Saints back then, but Broken Sword was only growing more impatient. So, we challenged the Fourth Nightmare no more than a year later. In secret."

Her expression grew distant, and she fell silent for a while.

Eventually, a sigh escaped from her lips.

"People tend to forget us these days — partially because we erased our traces from the pages of history, and partially because there are splendid talents like you two walking the world now. But back then, decades ago... we were truly fearsome. No one had ever returned from the Third Nightmare alive, but we did. It happened more than two decades after Immortal Flame changed the world by becoming a Master, and yet, only a year after becoming Saints, we were already laying siege to the Fourth Nightmare. It seemed like nothing could stop us."

The dead boy scoffed.

"We learned a lot about the truth of the world in the Nightmare. And we learned even more about it after coming back... and about ourselves, as well. Because that was when we killed Broken Sword — out there in the darkness of the Underworld."

Cassie tilted her head, surprised.

"The Underworld?"

Ki Song nodded slowly.

"Yes. That is where the Seed of Nightmare Broken Sword had found was located, and that was where we returned to after conquering the Nightmare. The Underworld is a terrifying place, Song of the Fallen — we did not dare to explore its dark expanse back then, entering by following the Call of Nightmare and hiding from the beings that dwell in the darkness like rats."

The dead girl chuckled.

"Even as Supremes, all we could do was escape... and while we were escaping, still unfamiliar with our newfound powers, the three of us used the chance to stab Broken Sword in the back. The battle was short — in truth, I think he already knew that it would be his end. Still, even with the three of us joining forces, we weren't able to bring Broken Sword down. Ah, how fearsome he was! How valiant. We broke his body, and we broke his soul. But we couldn't break his Will."

Her eyes seemed to ignite, as if illuminated by the splendor of that wicked battle. Then, they dimmed, becoming clouded by melancholy.

Ki Song sighed.

"Still, he fell in the end. Shattered, broken, fatally wounded... he mustered what little strength he had left and fled. Deeper into the darkness, never to be seen again. That was how Broken Sword, the greatest of us, died."

Cassie held her breath.

"He... fled? You did not see him die? Then might he not have survived?"

The Queen smiled wistfully.

"Wouldn't that be interesting? But no... we killed him. I am certain of it. Because eventually, the Spell whispered of his death."

Ki Song leaned forward a little and looked at Cassie with a somber expression.

"So, now... we strangled the dire threat that Broken Sword's existence represented before it could doom us all. And by doing so, we also arrived at the root of all our problems."




***
Chapter 2191: Risk Management


***






Cassie frowned, unable to follow the train of the Queen's thoughts.

Had she not said that the Smile of Heaven's death was the root of the war? But now, it was Broken Sword's death?

Cassie was still dazed due to having ingested Ki Song's blood. In her current state, even thinking was a difficult task.

Eventually, she forced out a pale smile.

"All your problems seemed to be solved, and you were free to shape the future as you saw fit. However, it does not look like any of you lived happily ever after."

After all, Ki Song had to have ended up as a corpse somehow.

The two puppets laughed.

The Queen nodded with a smile.

"Indeed. Well, it was to be expected... after all, how could we trust each other after betraying one of our own? What would stop us from perpetrating betrayal again? There was nothing holding us together anymore. Smile of Heaven was gone, and her ghost was gone as well, since Broken Sword had died. Anvil was wary of me —not because I was a threat, but simply because I had the potential to become a threat. And both of us were afraid of the Dreamspawn, that monster. Most importantly, we weren't really people anymore... we were entities, each responsible for a Domain."

She paused.

"Let's just say that large-scale systems are far less tolerant to risk. You can be reckless when you are only responsible for yourself... but what if you have a family to take care of? Would you allow yourself to be careless when the lives and well-being of your children are at stake? What if you are responsible for a million families? Ten million, a hundred million? Once one becomes a monarch, there's little difference between a threat and a potential threat. The mere promise of disaster is enough to take measures against the source."

The Queen looked at Cassie and Seishan with pity.

"Both of you have already tasted the burden of responsibility. But you know nothing, yet... ah, but I digress. The thing is, despite it all, we could have still worked out our differences. We even tried to remain civil, for a while. However, our attempts were destined to fail. Can you guess why?"

Seishan frowned. Cassie remained silent for a bit, then said evenly:

"Because of the Spell."

Ki Song gave her an approving smile.

"Indeed. I don't know whether it is by accident or by design, but the conflict between Supremes is woven into the very fabric of the Spell. After all, it grants us a way to grow the power of our Domains at a terrifying speed — the Citadels. However, the number of Citadels it creates is limited. So, the Domains of the carriers of the Spell must inevitably clash... it is as if it was meant to pit those who attained Supremacy against each other — so that a single, most vicious ruler was left in the end."

She lingered for a few moments.

"At first, we tried to build in peaceful coexistence. Each of us served to suppress the other... it was a circle of mutual responsibility, so to speak. The Dreamspawn held the heir of Valor hostage, Anvil had his sword hovering above my head, while I made sure that the Dreamspawn's name did not spread to too many minds. But that circle was swiftly broken. Because one who has the Will can never submit to being suppressed."

The two puppets chuckled.

"Anvil swiftly gave up on his son, almost as if he had never cared about him at all. I learned to escape the cage of my body, making the deterrent of his swords meaningless. And the Dreamspawn... the Dreamspawn secretly created a cabal of followers, making sure that his name could never be fully erased."

Ki Song leaned back and sighed.

"There was the issue of the remnants of the Immortal Flame clan, as well... you asked why we tried to eradicate them, Song of the Fallen. I will have to disappoint you, but there was no mysterious reason for it at all. It was simply cold logic — once you draw a sword against an enemy, you don't show your back to them until they are dead."

There was no compassion on her face, but no particular cruelty either. Just the cold, ruthless pragmatism that had horrified Master Orum once.

"Immortal Flame himself was dead, and both Broken Sword and Smile of Heaven had perished. Little Nephis was young and powerless... but children grow up. Sometimes, they grow up to be Saints of immense power who wield staggering influence over people's hearts and harbor a scathing desire for revenge. That was what Anvil and I both wanted to prevent from happening, so we tried to kill her before she could fully inherit the Fire. A vile decision... but a prudent one, don't you think? Considering how things ended up."

Cassie shivered.

So she knew... both of them knew. Both of them had never been fooled by Neph's act of submitting to their power.

Or maybe that was not even important. Maybe it was simply the case of large-scale systems being averse to risk, as Ki Song had put it. It did not matter whether Nephis truly harbored thoughts of revenge... all that mattered was that she had potential to.

That was all it took for these ghouls to sentence a little, orphaned girl to death.

And how many more of such deaths had there been?

'Ah... I want to kill them both with my own two hands...'

But that was not meant to be. Cassie forced a smile onto her face.

"It seemed strange that both of you mighty Sovereigns failed to kill one powerless child."

Ki Song shrugged.

"Our hands were tied. The Dreamspawn laid a claim to her, just like he had claimed young Mordret. He has a deep interest in Divine Lineages, you know. Immortal Flame, Warden of Valor, Nightwalker, and the Dreamspawn's own mother — those were the four members of the First Generation who had found Lineage Memories. A generation later, I was the fifth. And the sixth one, well, it is obvious by now what blood flows in the veins of the Lord of Shadows... even if he doesn't bleed much."




***
Chapter 2192: Circle of Responsibility


***






The dead boy let out a quiet laugh.

The Queen shook her head.

"Whatever it is that the Dreamspawn needs from the descendants of the gods, he can only get it once their blood Awakens. Nephis is the last descendant of the Sun God lineage, and so, he prevented us from trying to eliminate her before she came of age... or rather, prevented us from trying to eliminate her too hard. The methods we could use without alerting him and provoking his ire were limited, and that was why she managed to survive. Even as a child, Nephie proved to be quite tenacious."

Cassie smiled darkly.

"...You have my sympathy. How inconvenient."

Ki Song shrugged.

"Why, thank you. It really was. However, young Nephis was really the least of our concerns. Because, as you can imagine, the mutual responsibility between us three did not last long."

Cassie inhaled deeply.

"Was there something particular that caused you to grow openly hostile to each other?"

The Queen remained silent for a bit, then smiled wryly. 

"Yes? No? It was a gradual process. At first, we were busy establishing our Domains, subjugating neighboring regions of the Dream Realm, and stabilizing our territories. But once we reached the ceiling of what we could achieve without encroaching on each other's lands, things turned much more tenuous between us. Both Anvil and I wanted to swallow the Stormsea, but neither could move without provoking the other. The Dreamspawn, meanwhile, was growing stranger with each year. The tension continued to build, until one day... we saw a chance."

Cassie raised an eyebrow.

"What chance?"

One of the youths chuckled.

"The chance to get rid of the Dreamspawn, of course. That guy, you see, aimed his attention at the moon."

Cassie blinked.

"The... moon?"

Did Ki Song mean a metaphorical moon? She carried the lineage of Beast God, after all, and one of Beast God's epithets was the Goddess of the Moon. Had Asterion shown interest in her daughters, perhaps? They would have already reached the age of becoming susceptible to the Spell by then. Some would have even Awakened.

The Queen nodded.

"Yes, the moon. Earth's moon, to be precise — Luna. Well, not the moon itself, of course... rather, what is hidden on the moon."

'Huh...'

Cassie tried to suppress her curiosity, but failed.

"...And what, exactly, is hidden on the moon?"

The dead girl laughed melodiously.

Ki Song smiled.

"That was precisely what the Dreamspawn wanted to learn. The Nightmare Spell first infected the Lunar Colonies, you know... it was only later that it spread from the moon to the planet's surface. What had they unearthed there, on the dark side of Luna? Nobody knows. Oh, we had theories, of course. By then, it was already clear that an Unholy Nightmare Creature had made the moon its nest — that is why it is so dangerous to fly too high on Earth and why any manner of lunar observation had been forbidden. It is also one of the reasons why aviation fell into sharp decline as soon as the Nightmare Spell descended."

She lingered for a few moments.

"It is also highly likely that a Nightmare Gate is situated there... the First Gate, maybe. Since looking at the moon too closely is a recipe for disaster, we couldn't build an analog of the Obel Scale to study it. But there was still a sort of consensus about the Category of that Gate. Most of those who know believe it to be a Category Six Gate."

As Cassie drew a sharp breath, Ki Song looked up and smiled.

"If so, it is connected to a Seed of the Sixth Nightmare... the final Nightmare. One that would turn those who conquer it Divine, thus giving birth to gods. Not lesser deities of the Sacred Rank, but true gods — no different from those great beings who once ruled all existence."

She hesitated for a moment, then added in a more reserved tone:

"Of course, there is a smaller group that holds a different opinion. They believe that the Lunar Gate leads to a Seed that is even more special. Not just a Seed of Nightmare, no... instead, they believe it to be the Seed of the Nightmare Spell. The source of its invasion into our reality."

Cassie exhaled slowly.

'The world still holds so many mysteries...'

An Unholy One was dwelling on the moon, guarding the Gate to the Final Nightmare... or the source of the Nightmare Spell itself. Who would have thought? The magnitude of this revelation had left her breathless.

Cassie was too tiny and insignificant for that information to have any direct importance to her, just like an ant was too tiny and short-lived to worry about the movement of tectonic plates.

But still, still...

She could not help but shiver, knowing that the moon had been there, high above her, throughout countless nights.

Ki Song smiled softly.

"If you live long enough to become Supremes yourselves one day, you'll hear it... on a quiet night, under the familiar sky, you'll hear the distant, alluring, irresistible call of that Nightmare. Its Call is another reason why we don't return to the waking world that often."

She remained silent for a little while, then sighed.

"In any case... the Dreamspawn grew intrigued by the moon, and so, he endeavored to visit it. And using the chance, Anvil and I made sure that he never returned. We massacred his followers and erased his name from the network, from the culture, from the annals of history, forbade the government to ever mention him again, and killed everyone who had ever met him face-to-face — well, most of them, at least."

A wicked smile twisted her alluring lips.

"There were no Citadels under his control, and we had hidden our existence — the existence of the Sovereigns — from the very beginning to limit the spread of his fame, and therefore of his Domain... even if it forced all three of us into the shadows. So, his Domain crumbled in an instant, and he was stranded on the moon, his power severely diminished. We had hoped that he would die there, but of course, we weren't that lucky. That fiend still draws breath out there, in the coldness of space, looking at us from above. He can even exert his influence somewhat, sometimes, albeit not too much of it."

Her smile widened.

"And with the Dreamspawn mostly removed from the picture, the circle of mutual responsibility was broken. Anvil's sword pierced my heart... but, of course, I refused to die. That was how our clandestine clash began. From that day forward, we were gathering forces, positioning valuable game pieces, and preparing for the war — for the final confrontation to see which one of us was the most vicious, and therefore worthy of becoming the sole ruler of the world."




***
Chapter 2193: Greater Good


***






Cassie remained silent for a while, struggling against the nauseating feeling of not being in full control of her body and soul. Her torn cheek throbbed with dull pain, and drops of blood glistened coldly on the stone floor.

'She... doesn't seem quite human, anymore.'

The beautiful corpse in front of her looked like Ki Song and sounded like Ki Song, but while there was some resemblance — a deeply hidden sameness — the young woman she had seen in the memories of Master Orum was mostly gone.

As if she was not a living being, but a wraith sustained by unbreakable Will.

Both of them didn't seem human, really — the King and the Queen.

Ki Song was dead, and did not have a heartbeat. But while Anvil was undeniably alive, his unfeeling heart was colder than that of a corpse.

They looked human, but the way they thought was not human. There was a limit to how callous one could be, how heartless one could be. There were limits that no person could cross without becoming a mindless beast. 

But then again, the Sovereigns were not supposed to be completely human.

'Is it because they are Ki Song and Anvil of Valor, or because they are Supreme?'

Supreme beings were demigods in quite a literal sense. Saints like Cassie herself were called demigods, as well, but while they did possess some qualities of the divine, having transcended mortal limits, that title had mostly come from human fancy.

To mundane people, the powers Saints wielded seemed godly, and so, the Saints had been dubbed demigods.

And even though that title was mostly a metaphor, Cassie could already feel how her sense of self was changing.

She had lived the memories of countless people, and perceived the world from countless points of view. She had experienced being men and women, young and old, healthy and sick — she had experienced the lives of soldiers and warriors, factory workers, lofty Legacies, destitute refugees, actors, artisans, politicians, housewives, criminals, servants, laborers... and so many more.

What kind of person could possess a lifetime's worth of greatly varied experiences and remain the same?

Several lifetimes?

Naturally, her worldview had changed.

And she was merely a Saint...

How would she change if she became Supreme — a demigod whose conscience had to be vast enough to encompass an entire realm? How much of her former self would remain?

How much of her humanity would be discarded to make space for divinity?

She sighed, then faced Ki Song with a grim expression.

"...To what end?"

Cassie gritted her teeth.

"You and Anvil have spent two decades ruling the world. You created the Great Clans, shaped the Legacy caste into what it is today, conquered vast lands in the Dream Realm. You have suppressed the number of emerging Saints, ruthlessly eliminated all who dared to disobey you, and maintained a semblance of order in the waking world. When you could not hold the Nightmare Spell back anymore, you finally revealed your claws in Antarctica. And now, you are at war. To what end?"

She hesitated for a moment.

"Is it simply to become the strongest a Supreme can be? To spread your Domain to all of humanity? Why? What are you after? Do you lust for more power? Do you want to resolve those old, unforgivable grudges? Are you preparing to challenge the Fifth Nightmare and become Sacred? Have you given up? Why, why have you done all of this?"

Ki Song looked at her calmly from the throne.

A faint smile illuminated her breathtaking face.

"Why... it's for the greater good, of course."

Cassie couldn't help but let out a scoff.

"The greater good?"

The Queen nodded.

"Our goal is to preserve humanity, as it has always been. You can disagree with our method... despise them, even... but do not doubt our intentions. Everything we did, we did to build a better world for those who would follow in our footsteps."

Ki Song let out a sigh.

"To answer your question... the war is necessary because Anvil and I are much too weak"

Her puppets chuckled.

"Our power, great as it might seem, is woefully insufficient. Our Domains are incomplete. Our strength is lacking. We are nearly immortal and have no rivals among the human population, but the enemies we face aren't human either. They are the true rulers of the Dream Realm — the old, corrupted deities who dwell in the darkest corners of this cursed world."

Ki Song leaned forward a little, smiling faintly.

"There is a simple equation to safeguarding the future of humanity, you see. In this dire world, humanity has no luxury to afford itself things that it does not need. It is a luxury to have a population of three billion people, but is it necessary? Can we save them all? No... spreading our forces too thin will only result in total annihilation. Meanwhile, humanity can survive with far less. The ones whom we have brought from the Chain of Nightmares will do — it is a large enough pool to produce Awakened at a sufficient rate, who will produce enough Masters and Saints in turn. In fact, it is already too large."

Her smile turned somber.

"More than a hundred million mundane people are in the Song Domain right now. All of them need to be fed, clothed, sheltered, and protected from the Nightmare Creatures. We had been preparing the human enclaves in the Dream Realm for more than a decade, and yet the burden of caring for so many people is already straining every possible resource we have, shaking the entire kingdom. The infrastructure is on the verge of collapse, the supplies are dwindling..."

Cassie frowned.

"Those people are not just sitting idly. They are working the fields, building the roads... they are volunteering to face the First Nightmare and become Awakened, as well. In a few more years, they will feed, clothe, shelter, and protect themselves."

Ki Song shook his head.

"But the situation on Earth will also become far less stable in a few years, which means that we won't be able to deliver as many supplies through the Dream Gate. But, suppose you are right... even then, the waking world will continue to deteriorate at ever-increasing speed. Soon enough, it will be consumed entirely, and the entire Dream Realm will change. Its geography will be rewritten, and countless Nightmare Creatures will start a great migration. We will be besieged from all sides, and the Death Zones will spill from their borders, threatening to drown the human nation we have so laboriously established."

The Queen smiled darkly.

"When that happens, neither the Song Domain nor the Sword Domain will be able to survive. However, the Human Domain — one kingdom united under the torn, patchwork heaven of the Dream Realm by one Supreme — might just stand a chance."




***
Chapter 2194: Price of Divinity


***






Ki Song inhaled deeply — or pretended to, at least — and leaned back. 

"As for conquering the Fifth Nightmare... even if we have such an ambition, neither of us dares. Challenging a Nightmare is always a gamble, after all — maybe the challenger will return alive, maybe not. Immortal Flame could risk his life because there were countless Awakened in the world beside him. Warden and Nightwalker could risk theirs because, by then, there were plenty of Masters around. But what about us? What happens if all Supremes of humanity perish together, leaving no one to defend it against the tyranny of the Nightmare Spell? The risk is too great, and the responsibility we bear is too great to take it."

Her expression changed subtly.

"More than that, each Nightmare is different from the previous one. We have no knowledge about what awaits us in the Fifth. What we do know, however... is that even if one manages to conquer it, there will be a price to pay. A Sacred being won't be able to enter the waking world at all, most likely, meaning that there won't be Dream Gates to lead people away either. Even if Sacred carriers of the Nightmare Spell receive an ability to create a new kind of connection between the two worlds, there is also the nature of the Apotheosis itself to consider. Becoming a god... is not merely about one's Rank."

Ki Song paused briefly and continued in a neutral tone:

"The difference between a Transcendent and a Supreme is vast. However, the difference between a mortal and a god is immeasurable. Becoming a Sacred being means leaving what little remains of your human nature behind. Once one experiences Apotheosis, the way they think will change. The way they feel will change. The way they are will change, and who they are will change as well. Power and benevolence do not always go hand-in-hand... who knows if a Sacred being can even be entrusted with humanity? Heavens know I dread the thought of the Dreamspawn becoming a god. Anvil, as well... and I fear myself most of all."

The Queen remained silent for a while, then looked at Seishan hesitantly.

Her lips moved slightly, and a new voice — Ki Song's own voice — resounded in the throne room for the first time.

It was low and beautiful, making one want to never stop hearing it.

"Will I still care about my daughters? Will I even be capable of human affection? Will I remain... myself? Or will I become someone else — something else, rather. A being whose very nature is divine, and thus inhuman."

Seishan trembled.

The Queen's words sounded eerily similar to what Cassie herself had been considering earlier, and they resounded strongly.

Because Cassie herself was deathly afraid of losing herself to the power of her Aspect. Countless fragments of her past were already lost, and so, she dreaded losing even more of her present self... but she was afraid of her future self most of all.

Everyone feared death, and transformation, especially one as thorough as becoming a deity — Apotheosis, as Ki Song had called it — was a form of death as well.

Cassie took a deep breath.

"So, in the end... the two of you started this war to consume each other and give birth to an immensely powerful Domain — one that unites all of humanity — as a result. The part of humanity that you had deemed worthy of saving, at least."

Ki Song shrugged.

She had grown silent again, and her puppets spoke in her stead:

"Yes. Something like that."

Cassie shook her head.

"All these deaths, all this suffering... wouldn't it have been easier if one of you simply stepped down and allowed the other to rule unopposed?"

A strange smile twisted the Queen's alluring lips.

"I suppose it would have. But ask yourself this question... will someone who is willing to give up without a fight be capable of standing up against the entire world? Will someone who is willing to submit without a struggle be worthy of ruling over all of humanity? Will someone like that be able to lead anyone, let alone everyone, to salvation? No... it is not in the nature of a Sovereign to surrender. The very quality that made us Supreme makes it impossible for us to capitulate without a thorough battle."

There was a long stretch of silence, and then, the dead youths laughed.

"Well... I seem to have answered all of your question, Song of the Fallen. How's that? Was that enough for a barter?"

Cassie lowered her head.

"...It's plenty, Your Majesty."

Ki Song nodded with a hint of amusement.

"I've shown you plenty of grace, then. What do I get in exchange?"

Cassie gathered her thoughts while inhaling deeply.

'Here it goes, then.'

Things would start happening fast once she opened her mouth. But that was the best course of action...

The Sovereigns had to be somewhat equal in strength when they clashed. And at the moment, the King of Swords was holding too big of an advantage.

She sighed.

"I mentioned knowing a lot of secrets, one of which is especially valuable. I'll share it with you as gratitude for showing me grace."

Straightening her back, Cassie lingered for a moment and then said in a somber tone:

"The King has secretly carved a path through the Hollows of the Breastbone and the Western First Rib. His troops will soon emerge from the jungle and attack the Lesser Stronghold Crossing from the rear — it will happen by the end of tomorrow, or perhaps even sooner. Now that Valor wants me dead, my life is tied to the well-being of the Song clan. So, I thought I'd let you know."

A heavy silence settled in the throne room. Seishan seemed startled, her eyes widening slightly... the Queen, however, remained composed.

A few moments later, she leaned forward a little.

"...Weren't there a Cursed Tyrant barring the path to the Hollows of the First Rib?"

Cassie lowered her head.

"There was. The King killed it." 

Ki Song raised an eyebrow.

"He killed a Cursed Tyrant swiftly and quietly enough for its death to go unnoticed? Ah... how curious."

She remained motionless for a while. And then smiled.

"Well. That certainly changes things..."




***
Chapter 2195: Dollhouse


***






The Queen remained silent for a few moments, looking into the distance.

Cassie could not really imagine what was going on in her head. It had to be hard to be a general who had been driven into a hopeless situation. The Song Army was already at a great disadvantage, driven back to the western part of the Collarbone Plain and besieged.

The only hope of salvaging the situation and restoring a semblance of balance to the war was to hold out long enough for Revel to conquer the Citadel in the spine of the dead god... and for Mordret to take Bastion. 

But now, even that hope had been shattered.

If Ki Song was troubled, though, she did not show it.

Instead, she lowered her gaze and peered at Cassie.

"Well, well. The secret you told me is indeed valuable, young Cassia."

The dead boy fell silent. His counterpart, meanwhile, spoke in a clear voice:

"You have my gratitude. It is time for you to depart, though... go and rest, for a little while. Seishan, please stay."

Cassie wondered briefly if she would really be allowed to walk out the throne room on her own two feet without being escorted by Seishan. That... would be problematic, actually, since her Aspect was suppressed. Was she supposed to bump into the walls of the Song keep blindly until she found a place to rest?

A few moments later, though, her hesitation was dispelled in the most disturbing way. Her body moved on its own, rising from its knees and performing an elegant bow. Her mouth moved on its own, as well, and words she had not meant to say left her lips:

"Thank you, Your Majesty."

Then, her body turned around and headed away from the throne with graceful, confident steps. The tenuous connection she had established to Seishan's senses was cut, and she was left in the darkness.

Cassie was blind once again... but her body behaved as if it could see. It left the throne room and walked somewhere calmly, taking turns when needed and using her hands to open doors. She did not know where the body was headed, and could only memorize the number of turns and count the steps in her mind out of habit.

As Cassie walked, she escaped from the horror of not being able to control her own body into thinking about the many mysteries that had been solved today, and the many secrets that had been revealed to her by the Queen.

'It is all starting to take shape.'

So what had she learned?

First of all, many of the fragmented and unreliable pieces of information they had collected from dubious sources were now confirmed. The grand plan of the Sovereigns, the purpose of suppressing the emergence of independent Saints, the reason why the Supremes had seemingly abandoned the waking world...

One of the more interesting things she had learned was the reason why the Sovereigns had chosen to hide their existence and rule from the shadows. Cassie had assumed that it was simply due to... to the general shadiness of the Great Clans. Honestly, she had never thought about it deeply.

But as it turned out, it was a premeditated measure to prevent Asterion from growing too powerful instead. Ki Song had not explained what powers the third Sovereign possessed, and how his Domain spread. However, Cassie was able to surmise that it had something to do with people simply knowing about his existence — and especially knowing his name.

There was the tidbit about the special nature of War God's Realm, as well. And... the startling truth of what was hidden on the moon.

But while quite curious, these pieces of information were not important at the moment.

What was important was the story of Broken Sword's death, the reasons why he had been killed, and the background of the downfall of the Immortal Flame clan.

If for no other reason than a personal one.

'I will have to tell Neph.'

Ki Song did not mention the final straw that had pushed Anvil on the path of no return, but Cassie already learned it from Jest. How would Nephis react? Something like that... did not excuse the vile actions of the Sovereigns. But it did put them into an entirely new perspective.

And that perspective was one of the most important cornerstones of Neph's entire being.

Cassie sighed... or rather, tried to. However, her body was still moving on its own, indifferent to her commands.

Soon enough, the coldness of the Queen's residence receded, and Cassie felt the heat of Godgrave on her skin again. She was surrounded by the sounds of the army camp again. She could smell life again.

It seemed that she was standing in front of the gates of the keep, waiting for something.

Her cheek was still throbbing with pain, and her mind was on fire, feverishly going over all the stark revelations she had received.

But most of all...

Cassie was genuinely surprised.

'I wasn't even tortured.'

She exhaled slowly.

Well, the day was still young... and there were more such days in front of her, as well.

Now that her audience with the Queen had come to an end, Ki Song seemed to have released the strings binding Cassie's body like a marionette, somewhat — enough to cut her some slack, at least.

She was still in that dizzying state of not being entirely in control of her own body. In fact, she was barely able to move — just enough to change her posture, but not enough to take a step.

Her Aspect, too, remained almost entirely sealed.

Cassie remained motionless for a few moments, then shook her head subtly.

There was no way of knowing if Sunny was somewhere near, but she believed that he was. In fact, he had most likely been keeping an eye on her from the moment she entered the Greater Crossing Stronghold... just not in the chambers of the Queen.

If so, she had to prevent him from trying to contact her. Now that Cassie had become a partial puppet, approaching her was tantamount to revealing his presence to Ki Song.

So, she hoped that he had seen and understood her signal. 

Sunny was both observant and smart. He would know that it was dangerous to contact her, and stay away.

Still...

Even unable to see or hear him, Cassie was glad to know that she was not truly alone.




***
Chapter 2196: Truth and Fortune


***






Back in the throne room, Seishan took a step forward and stood in the spot where Cassie had previously kneeled. She did not lower herself, though, remaining upright as she looked up at her mother.

The Queen regarded her with a distant expression. After a while, she sighed.

"I think you have an idea of what has to be done now."

Seishan nodded curtly. 

"I do, mother."

Ki Song looked at her and smiled wryly.

"Don't try to fool me with that refined expression, girl. You have not changed at all since you were little like a mouse... come, out with it. I can see that you have questions. Was what I said so surprising?"

Seishan hesitated for a few moments, then bowed slightly and said in a reserved tone:

"Then, I will ask. I do have questions... two of them, to be precise."

The Queen just waited silently. Seishan raised her head and looked at her mother with a hint of a somber emotion in her eyes.

"You said that Changing Star had to be dealt with... for no other reason but cold logic. That you would not leave the child of your enemy alive, knowing that they could return to seek revenge one day. Was that true?"

Ki Song raised an eyebrow.

"You should have been aware of our past efforts to erase the Immortal Flame clan from existence for a while now. Ah, I see... it's not the deed itself that sparked your curiosity, but the motivation. Well, I suppose it is true. Granted, I don't have a habit of going around disposing of children. It is not every enemy that has to be erased without a trace."

She sighed.

"...But little Nephis was. Because she was the daughter of Broken Sword and Smile of Heaven, the heir of Immortal Flame — a child like that would never have grown up to be a nobody. It was too dangerous to leave her be."

Seishan remained silent for a while. Then, she asked in an even tone:

"So, will I and my sisters be disposed of for the same reason, should you fall in the battle against the King of Swords?"

The dead youths laughed, and Ki Song herself smiled in amusement.

"Why? Don't you have faith in your mother?"

Seishan lingered with the answer.

In the end, she looked at the Queen with a steadfast expression.

"I do... I believe that you will win."

Ki Song chuckled.

"Why?"

Seishan frowned and stayed quiet for a few moments. Then, she said evenly:

"Because we are of the Song clan. The King of Swords received his kingdom and his Lineage from others... but you earned them yourself. He had everything, while you rose from nothing. You clawed and fought, struggling to gain every little piece of what he had been given freely. He is arrogant, while you are cautious. But most of all..."

She paused for a moment.

"You have too many things to lose, while he has nothing. He has nothing to protect, because he has already lost everything... and so, he only has resolve — not desire. He doesn't want to win. But you want it desperately."

The dead youths laughed quietly.

"So... you are calling your mother desperate?"

Seishan's expression changed slightly.

"That was... was not what I meant."

The puppets laughed again, while Ki Song shook her head.

"No. You are correct, my wise daughter. That man has the Will... but he does not have anything except the Will. Deep down, he doesn't really care to win — he doesn't care about anything. A man who has nothing to lose is dangerous, but he is also pitiful."

She shook her head lightly.

"But you are also wrong, thinking that I achieved everything myself. That I have had no help, and wasn't given anything by anyone. In fact, I have received many gifts... my mother's love, the kindness of strangers, the faith and loyalty of those who followed me, the care of my daughters. It was just that I was young and naive back then, full of resentment and anger. That was how I became ruthless enough to survive this world, and therefore lived long enough to wisen up and recognize my fortune. While Anvil... that poor man was far less fortunate than me."

She sighed and looked away.

"Isn't it funny? I am a descendant of Beast God, the goddess of the cycle of death and rebirth —and yet, I am unable to give birth, and neither can I die. Meanwhile, Anvil is a descendant of War God, the goddess of life. And yet, he has turned himself into a living corpse. What bitter irony is this?"

Ki Song lingered for a while, then turned to Seishan.

"You had another question, didn't you?"

Seishan nodded.

"Yes."

She waited a little, then asked hesitantly:

"Back then... why did you agree to answer Cassia's questions? You did not need to."

The Queen smiled softly and looked away, her puppets did not speak for a while, but eventually, one of them answered in a slightly wistful tone:

"Her True Name is Song of the Fallen. The Names are an expression of one's personal truth, as well as of their fate. Her fate is to be a witness... to remember. So..."

Ki Song lingered for a moment.

"History is written by the victors, Seishan. No matter who wins this war, the truth of what happened will be weaponized and twisted. But I wanted someone to remember the truth — my truth, at least — in its purest form, no matter what comes next. Even if it is just one person. Forgive your mother this little bit of indulgence... but I wanted to be witnessed."

Seishan remained silent.

Eventually, she nodded.

"I understand." 

Ki Song let out a long sigh.

"In that case..."

Her expression changed, becoming cold and regal. She straightened on her throne, and her beautiful figure suddenly seemed towering and overbearing.

The dead youths spoke solemnly:

"Seishan of Clan Song. Listen to your Queen's command..."




***
Chapter 2197: Boiling Pot


***






Rain did not get a good look at the prisoner Saint Seishan was supposedly escorting. She did glimpse the beautiful princess herself, whose presence was just as soothing as always —however, there was an eerie escort of empty-eyed pilgrims in the way, so it was hard to see who had been captured by the Queen's daughter.

Rain stayed in the shadows, leaning on the wall of an armory among other idle soldiers. Her brother remained silent until the strange prisoner convoy disappeared from view, heading toward the stone keep where the Queen herself was rumored to reside.

Then, he suddenly separated himself from her shadow.

"I'll go snoop around a little. Don't get into any trouble while I am away."

Rain scoffed.

"Who am I, a kid? Why would I get into trouble?"

He remained silent for a few moments, then said in a dubious tone:

"Yeah..."

With that, the shadow stealthily glided away.

Rain sighed, then stretched her tired body and went about her business. She spent some time getting the water rations and refilled the Green Canteen, then waited some more to get an allotment of synthetic firewood for their campfire.

Finally, she returned to the part of the camp assigned to the Seventh Royal Legion and found her cohort. They made a fire, igniting it with a Memory, and boiled some water to brew powdered coffee — the mostly empty can of it was a luxury Ray had won from an officer in a game of cards. After that, they put a pot over the fire to prepare the usual Song Army stew.

Rain stared at the stamped tinfoil wrappers left from the bricks of synthetic firewood absent-mindedly as the wind dragged them across the surface of the dead god's bone. The contrast of the mundane and the mystical was pretty evocative... she was just not sure of what.

Eventually, she sighed and looked at Tamar.

"I saw Princess Seishan while I was getting water."

Tamar just stared at the fire.

"Oh."

The Saint of Sorrow had said that he would speak to the princess once she returned to the camp. So, they would probably leave this dreadful place soon.

Rain felt... conflicted about the prospect. Sure, she wanted nothing more than for the horror to end. But on the other hand, she felt terrible about leaving her fellow soldiers behind and escaping to safety simply because her friend had some connections at the top.

Not everyone had a Transcendent father. What was going to happen to countless young soldiers who did not?

She had a pretty good idea what would happen to them — thousands of them, at least — and was not sure what would haunt her more. Would it be the harrowing siege, or the act of running away like a coward?

'That is how they get you.'

The other members of the cohort seemed to be struggling with the same thoughts, so no one said anything for a long time. However, their silence was an answer in and of itself. In the end, self-preservation seemed to be winning over the misguided sense of devotion.

Well, it was not too surprising. Many people had been idealists when they joined the Song Army. But after experiencing the horrors of war, their worldview irrevocably changed, and their hearts changed as well... devotion was a scarce currency in Godgrave these days. At least devotion to the symbols that had failed them, and to the leaders who had led them to hell.

Rain and her friends had already fought and bled plenty for the Song Domain. Did they really have to insist on staying when someone was telling... ordering them to leave?

She was still drowning in doubt, and the stew was still bubbling in the pot when there seemed to be some kind of commotion around them. Looking up, Rain noticed that there was more movement in the vast courtyard of the Greater Crossing Stronghold than usual.

The entire camp seemed to be boiling, not much different from the stew.

'Huh? Is there going to be another assault?'

That did not make much sense. The battle had just ended recently, and even if the Sword Army decided to attack twice in one day, it would not have caused so much activity. Those who had to man the wall were already on the ramparts, after all, since the entire contingent worked to defend

the fortress in shifts.

'What is going on?'

Just as Rain thought that, Tamar caught a soldier who was running by and asked in an incredulous tone:

"What is happening?"

He looked at her with wide eyes.

"W—what? Lady Tamar, you haven't heard?"

The Seventh Royal Legion had suffered grave casualties in the siege — just like every other legion of the Song Army — so there were gaping holes in the chain of command. New orders did not travel to the rank and file as fast as they used to.

Granted, Tamar was an officer, so it was a bit strange that she was caught out of the loop.

"Heard what?"

The soldier stared at her dazedly for a few moments.

He seemed to be both excited and terrified... but mostly terrified.

Eventually, he took a deep breath and said loudly, a feverish glint appearing in his eyes.

"An attack! We are attacking!"

Tamar frowned, then asked while putting an emphasis on the word "we":

"What... what do you mean we are attacking?"

He grinned darkly.

"It's just as I said! The order has just come down from the Queen. We are abandoning the fortress, crossing the chasm, and storming the camp of the Sword Army — all legions, all auxiliary troops, even the Saints. It's an all-out offensive!"

Tamar let the soldier go, stunned. He hurried away, soon disappearing from view.

Rain, Tamar, Ray, and Fleur looked at each other.

Eventually, Ray opened his mouth and said in a shaky voice:

"So... I guess we're not becoming caravan guards anymore?"

Rain pursed her lips.

"The order seems to have been given almost immediately after Princess Seishan returned. So, the Saint of Sorrow might not have had the opportunity to settle things with her yet. Or he did, but the transfer got lost in the chaos. In any case, if we want to leave... we still can."

Storming the siege camp of the Sword Army... an all-out offensive... Saints joining the fight.

Crazy! It seemed crazy!

'What the hell is the Queen thinking?'

Rain looked at Tamar.

"So, do we want to leave?"

Tamar met her gaze expressionlessly.

She remained silent for a few moments, then said in an even tone:

"I did not receive the transfer order. So, I intend to stay."

Rain sighed.

Well, of course. She would.

'Damn Legacies...'

Shaking her head, she turned her head and looked at the bubbling stew with regret.

"What are we standing around for, then? We need to start gathering our things. Even if we are going to be marching into battle instead of running away, we're still abandoning camp. So get your stuff quickly!"

...Some time later, her brother snuck back into her shadow. He settled inside of it, remained silent for a bit, and then asked incredulously:

"Did I not say to stay out of trouble?"

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"I did, though?"

He sighed.

"Look around."

All around them, the Song Army was seething and boiling as it prepared to go into battle... perhaps the final battle of this hellish war. The legions were assembling into marching columns, the enthralled Nightmare Creatures were roaring in frenzy, and the Saints were summoning their battle Memories, ready to lead the charge.

Her brother inhaled slowly, then growled:

"...That looks like trouble to me!"




***
Chapter 2198: Divide and Conquer


***






Just a handful of minutes before, Sunny was standing at the edge of the Ivory Island, looking at the distant wall of the great fortress with a somber expression on his face. His incarnation in the camp of the Song Army had caught a glimpse of Cassie as she was being escorted by Seishan and their eerie retinue of walking corpses...

But he had lost sight of them once the two entered the chambers of the Queen. Sunny was not reckless enough to get that close to Ki Song, so he was forced to wait in tense anticipation, not knowing what to expect.

Surely, Cassie was too valuable to be disposed of swiftly. She was not someone who would put herself in danger without having a way out, either... so his worry was most likely meaningless. And yet, he could not help but feel uneasy.

'Damn it.'

Eventually, Cassie emerged from the heavy gates and remained standing outside, motionless and silent. There were fresh cuts on her cheek, but it did not seem like she was hurt badly. The lack of an escort was also telling, hinting that she had come to some sort of understanding with the Queen.

Or that the Queen simply did not deem it necessary to guard her, confident that Cassie would not be able to escape.

The mental communication Sunny had grown used to did not seem to work, so he wanted to approach the blind seer stealthily in the form of a shadow to exchange a few audible words. However, she shook her head lightly, which had to be a signal to stay away.

Tense and unhappy, Sunny retreated.

And not long after that, the camp of the Song Army came alive like a massive beast awakening from slumber.

The sudden commotion was on such a grand scale that even Master Sunless could see that something was going on in the Greater Crossing Stronghold, all the way from the Ivory Island.

He frowned.

"Are they preparing to retreat?"

Cassie could have informed Ki Song about the clandestine plan to attack the Lesser Crossing Stronghold from the rear — in fact, she had a good reason to. If so, the main contingent of the Song Army serving as the garrison of the Greater Crossing would have to retreat or risk being cut off from the base camp and surrounded by the forces of the Sword Domain.

They could even make a desperate attempt to reinforce the Lesser Crossing and prevent it from falling...

But that was not what Ki Song had decided to do.

When Sunny's incarnation learned what the Queen was planning a few moments later, he could not help but falter for a moment.

Master Sunless opened his eyes wide.

"...Crazy!"

Everyone had expected that Ki Song would retreat.

But against all odds, she decided to attack instead.

She was preparing to abandon the Greater Crossing Stronghold and throw all her available forces into an all-out offensive, threatening to break the main contingent of the Sword Army in one fell swoop.

Why would she surrender the overwhelming defensive advantage the Song Army held and command her soldiers to attack, even knowing how desperate her position was? Was she insane or a genius?

Sunny suddenly felt cold sweat rolling down his back.

In hindsight... why wouldn't she attack?

Retreating would only buy the Song Army some time — granted, time was what they lacked the most — but it would not change the overall situation of the war by much.

However, now that she knew that Anvil had secretly left the siege camp and was leading soldiers through the Hollows, she would also know that the siege camp was not as impossible to overtake as everyone seemed to believe. As far as she was informed, the Lord of Shadows was also far away.

So, the greatest obstacle in her way was Nephis.

Nephis had proven that she was an impossible existence among those of the Transcendent Rank, and therefore, no Saint in the Song Army could defeat her. If the Queen wanted to destroy the siege camp, she would have to take to the battlefield herself — which she could not do, not yet.

Or rather, there had not been any other way to suppress Nephis before.

There was one now, though.

Cursing, Sunny dove into the shadows and stepped out of them at the top of the Ivory Tower. Nephis was already walking toward the balcony, a cold expression on her face.

"Cassie! She's..."

Nephis nodded.

"I know."

She paused for a moment near him, hesitated a little, and then said casually:

"Stay here, please. Make sure that your assistant, Aiko, remains in the Brilliant Emporium as well. I don't know what will happen next, but... it can get messy."

Sunny chewed on his lip, unhappy.

But it was not time to discard the persona of Master Sunless yet. Plus, if anything that disagreed with him happened, he would only be a step away. His senses could envelop the entire battlefield, after all, and there was one more of his incarnations on the other side of the chasm.

He sighed.

"Take one of my shadows with you, at least."

As he said the words, the gloomy shadow separated from his feet and dove into Neph's own shadow... looking quite smug and satisfied as it did, at that.

Nephis lingered for a moment, then smiled faintly.

"Thank you, Master Sunless."

Leaning forward, she planted a soft kiss on his cheek, and then turned around.

Brilliant light surrounded her slender figure, forming into the image of two incandescent wings. A moment later, she leapt over the parapet of the balcony and plummeted down, toward the siege camp of the Sword Army.

Left alone under the radiant sky, Sunny touched his cheek and looked into the distance.

A quiet sigh escaped from his lips.

"...Stay safe, Lady Nephis."

The drums of war were beating, and she had to lead her soldiers into battle.

That battle was not going to be an easy one, it seemed.

Worse still, the battles that would follow it were only going to be so much harder...




***
Chapter 2199: From the Ashes


***






Setting an entire army into motion was not an easy task. As Sunny watched somberly from high above, the siege camp slowly became consumed by feverish activity.

The soldiers were tired, having only recently returned from a bloody and fruitless assault on the impregnable walls of the great fortress. They wanted nothing more than to crawl into their tents and rest their weary bodies, surrendering to the fleeting and merciful escape of oblivion for a short while.

The Awakened slept without seeing dreams, while Masters suffered in the embrace of nightmares.

Instead of being given an opportunity to rest, though, they were being stirred awake and told to prepare for another battle. This time, it was not another dreadful assault... instead, the enemy was supposedly coming over the chasm to attack.

The groggy soldiers could not make any sense of it. Why would the Song Army abandon its cursed fortress? The Greater Crossing Stronghold had become a dark symbol of death for the soldiers of the Sword Army, so they failed to imagine that the enemy would give up on the protection of its walls.

Surely, there had been some mistake...

But as they slowly came to their senses and realized the severity of the situation, their confusion was replaced with dread.

Soon enough, the siege camp was boiling. The soldiers were assembling into units, and the units were trying to move into formation...

But they were already far behind the Song Army, which seemed to be ready to march.

"...What are they doing?"

Most of the Fire Keepers were boarding the Chain Breaker, ready to join Nephis on the ground, while some remained on the Ivory Island to defend it should Beastmaster and her winged thralls stage another aerial attack. However, Aiko was entirely idle, keeping Sunny company as they observed the two armies from above.

Sunny frowned, unsure how to answer. He was confused as well.

"It seems like... they're dismantling the ramparts."

Indeed, the walls of the Greater Crossing Stronghold, which had endured countless assaults and remained unbroken, were slowly crumbling in the distance.

One section quaked, and then collapsed, followed by another. The soldiers swarmed over the wooden debris, appearing no larger than ants. Gaping holes were slowly forming in the once impenetrable shield of the Greater Crossing.

Sunny was darkly fascinated by the view.

He had seen so many people die trying to take these walls, and now, they were being destroyed from within by those who had spilled rivers of blood trying to defend them.

'Why would they take down the walls?'

He wanted to say something else, but at that moment, something else stole his attention.

Looking into the darkness of the abyssal chasm separating the breastbone and the collarbone of the dead god, Sunny scowled deeply. A cold shiver ran down his spine.

Something was moving there, far below... rising from under the ash.

"Crap."

His eyes widened a little.

Aiko looked at him in confusion and opened her mouth to say something, but Sunny interrupted her in a tone that lacked his usual levity:

"Go back, Aiko. Lock yourself inside the Brilliant Emporium and don't come out until I come get you."

She flinched, surprised by the unfamiliar tone.

After sparing him a long look, Aiko wordlessly turned around and shot toward the Mimic, her feet hovering slightly above the grass.

The Fire Keepers preparing the Chain Breaker for the journey down seemed to have felt something, as well. A few of them grew motionless on the deck, turning to look in the direction of the great fortress.

The troops were still trying to assemble into a battle formation down on the ground, and their movements grew even more urgent.

A cold gust of wind blew across the Greater Crossing, bringing with it the smell of ash and the stench of rotting flesh.

Sunny's expression became grim.

Then, a moment later, something emerged from the darkness of the chasm.

At first, it seemed like a thick vine — no different from the tendrils that the abominable jungle sprouted to crawl to the surface from the dim twilight of the Hollows. However, this one was grey, not scarlet.

And it was not a vine... it was a living creature that resembled a giant worm — or rather, a puppet made from the creature's corpse, if Sunny's suspicion was correct.

The worm was dozens of meters in length, with a strangely flat body that was smeared in ash. At the end of it, an appalling maw bristled with countless teeth, and just beneath them, circular suckers were like sores on the translucent skin of the beast.

Those suckers adhered to the surface of the ancient bone, and the ash worm rose above the edge of the chasm, its head swaying from side to side. As soon as the light of the radiant sky fell on it, hideous burns appeared on its skin, and wisps of smoke rose into the air.

'Damnation.'

One monstrous worm was not a problem, no matter how powerful it was. However, just a split second later, another one appeared, and another, and another...

The ash worms were rising from the darkness, climbing both sides of the chasm. Soon, their grey body covered its walls, forming living, slithering strings.

And countless figures emerged from the darkness, as well, climbing the strings of ash worms like ladders.

Sunny shuddered.

Throughout the siege of the Greater Crossing Stronghold, countless soldiers and enthralled abominations had perished. Some bodies were retrieved, but most plummeted into the dark depths, disappearing forever.

He thought that they had become food to the harrowing creatures that dwelled in the ash covering the bottom of the chasm. But as it turned out, the ash dwellers became victims of the dead, instead.

All that time, the Queen had been waging a secret war against the creatures of the ash. She won that war, and now, the fallen of the Greater Crossing Siege — all those countless victims whose lives had been snuffed out by the cruelty of war —were coming back to avenge themselves upon the living.

A blood-crusted human hand crested the edge of the chasm, and a moment later, a disfigured corpse climbed from the darkness, smeared an ash.

Empty eyes gazed upon the assembling army, and then glinted with murderous intent.

The puppet took its first step toward the warriors of the Sword Domain.

And countless others soon followed.

'Damn, damn, damn...'




***
Chapter 2200: Army of the Dead


***






As the war dragged on, a great number of people had been killed in the fierce clashes between the two invading armies — and perhaps an even greater number of Nightmare Creatures had perished to human blades. Many, if not most of them, became puppets of the Queen of Worms.

The Sword Army had destroyed countless pilgrims, and yet, their number only continued to grow. That was why time was an ally of the Song Domain — the longer the war continued, the more advantage it gained.

That advantage had already played a large role in the siege of the Greater Crossing Stronghold. Pilgrims made for convenient meat shields for the defenders of the fortress, sacrificing their bodies to lessen the losses suffered by the Song Army, while at the same time increasing the losses suffered by the forces of the Sword Domain.

And yet, the pilgrims had never been a decisive factor in the battles between the two human armies.

...Today, that could very well change.

Ki Song had amassed a secret army of the dead at the bottom of the abyssal chasm, and now, that army crawled from the darkness. A tide of ashen corpses poured from the depths, climbing the puppeteered corpses of the monstrous worms like siege towers.

Sunny gritted his teeth as the wind carried the shouts of the officers to his ears from the ground. They were desperately trying to assemble the army into a solid battle formation in time, but it was hopeless.

The avalanche of the ashen dead had caught them by surprise.

Before the disorganized soldiers could form into a proper line, the dead tide was upon them. Ashen corpses tore into the vulnerable mass of humans like hungry wolves, ripping into their armor and their flesh with bare hands — as well as with fangs, claws, and mandibles, since there were plenty of dead Nightmare Creatures among them.

This time, there was something different about the pilgrims. It seemed... it seemed that the Queen was not holding herself back anymore.

Before, her puppets were a little sluggish and somewhat easy to deal with. But now, they moved with great precision and skill, no less deadly than seasoned Awakened warriors were... no, in fact, it was as if each of them possessed skill and combat awareness that were far greater than those of ordinary soldiers.

With his shadow sense, which spread far and wide to encompass the entire field, Sunny could feel the full extent of their chilling lethality. Their skill was so eerily deadly and profound, in fact, that he was struggling to understand its essence... as if each and every one of the countless pilgrims was a superior fighter than him, or his equal at least.

The thought made Sunny shiver.

'Is she controlling each of them... all of them... by hand now?'

If Ki Song was capable of personally controlling all of her countless puppets at the same time, then her power was even greater than they had feared.

The pilgrims moved with cold and ruthless determination. The Awakened soldiers stood no chance against these dead, unfeeling killing machines... or they would not have, if not for the very nature of the Queen's puppets. Pilgrims had no souls, and therefore lacked the ability to possess and summon Memories — so, they fought unarmed.

More than that, many of the bodies that had fallen into the chasm were severely damaged, which limited their strength and mobility. They seemed to be able to mend themselves, to a degree, but Ki Song was either unwilling or unable to truly restore these broken bodies to a better state.

Human blood flowed upon the white surface of the ancient bone.

Sunny felt sick to his stomach.

Not only because people were dying far below, but also because he was the reason they were dying.

After all, if it wasn't for him, Nephis, and Cassie, this battle would not have happened.

The Song soldiers at the Lesser Crossing Stronghold would have been dying under the swords of Anvil's warriors in a day or two, instead.

The sum of deaths might not have changed as a result of Cassie's actions — and his silent support of her — but nevertheless, he felt like a traitor.

No, he was a traitor. To the people who were dying because of his betrayal far below, he was.

That was a burden Sunny would have to carry, and its weight, while not great, was still unpleasant.

The tide of the dead bit into the side of the unprepared army, causing heavy casualties. Worse still, those of the soldiers who perished rose from the ground a few moments later, empty-eyed, joining the ranks of the rampaging corpses.

For a minute or two, it seemed as if the initial shock of the pilgrim attack would snowball into a one-sided massacre — one that would only grow into a harrowing disaster before too long.

But the soldiers of the Sword Army were not weaklings, either.

As the initial shock receded, the soldiers dug down and met the Queen's puppets blow for blow. Overcoming their horror, they greeted their teeth and stood their ground. The officers organized their warriors into unit-scale formations, bringing order to the senseless slaughter. The units moved to support each other and merge into a proper battle line.

The battle line could have still collapsed... but at that moment, the Saints entered the battlefield, pushing the tide of pilgrims back.

Nephis was there, as well, her flames spreading far and wide to wash away the wounds of the soldiers and save those who would have joined the army of the dead otherwise.

The Queen took the dead, making them rise from the ground with empty eyes... Changing Star, however, healed the living, helping them rise to their feet with their own strength.

The Chain Breaker reached the battlefield, and the Fire Keepers jumped down from its deck, joining the fight.

It seemed as if the Sword Army would be able to repel the unexpected attack, after all...

But, of course, that was merely an illusion.

Because the pilgrims were not the tip of the spear. They were a distraction.

Their purpose was to buy enough time for the real peril to arrive...




***
Chapter 2201: Flowing Blood


***






The Song Army faced the same hardship their enemy had faced during countless assaults on the great fortress in the past.

There were no ramparts on the eastern side of the chasm, but the chasm itself remained — crossing it under the barrage of enemy arrows and launching an attack from the shaky bridges was a task that would thrust any strategist into despair, and Seishan was no different from Nephis in that regard.

That was the purpose the tide of the ashen dead had served. While the Sword Army was distracted by repelling their ghastly attack, the garrison of the Greater Crossing Stronghold had time to brave the chasm.

The besieging army had used war engines to shoot mighty steel cables over the abyssal gorge, which then served as supports to build hanging bridges. As time went on, the sappers improved and iterated upon both the war engines and the structure of the bridges, making them easier to raise and harder to bring down.

The assaults started when the cables shot over the chasm, and ended when all bridges were destroyed.

The Song Army, however, did not possess the war engines, and neither did they have a storied contingent of seasoned, crafty sappers to build them. They cut themselves from the other side of the chasm the moment they destroyed the original bridge that had connected Collarbone Plain to the Breastbone Reach in the past.

That did not stop them today, though.

While the pilgrims and the Sword Army clashed, the ash worms continued to crawl up the slopes of the chasm. Now that their bodies had already served their purpose and delivered the hidden army of puppets to the surface, they were free to move.

The abominable creatures tangled with each other, fusing body to body with the help of their circular suckers. The seething mass of ashen flesh reached across the dark abyss, while more worms crawled across its surface to extend it further.

There was one slithering tendril of ash worms rising from the eastern slope of the chasm and stretching west, and another rising from the western slope of the chasm, right below the gates of the great fortress, and stretching east.

The two met above the darkness of the chasm, and merged together.

Just then, the towering gates of the Greater Crossing Stronghold opened.

Human soldiers poured from inside, followed by the thralls of Beastmaster. The Nightmare Creatures were used as beasts of burden, hauling fragments of the dismantled wall behind them. The soldiers were military engineers — while the Song Army did not have as many sappers, it did have some, even if they were not as skilled and ingenious as their counterparts in the enemy camp.

The sappers laid the lumber that had once comprised the proud walls of the impregnable fortress atop the mass of ash worm puppets, swiftly turning it into the deck of a great bridge.

Then, columns of soldiers stepped onto the bloody wood, marching across the bridge like a river.

By the time the Sword Army managed to push the pilgrims back, the garrison of the great fortress had already stepped on the surface of the Breastbone Reach, securing a foothold and spreading to form a wedge-shaped attack formation.

The Seventh Royal Legion was at the tip of the wedge, and Saint Seishan, the Lost Princess of Song, personally stood in front of her warriors, clad in enchanted armor of blood-red silk and crimson scales.

Her grey skin seemed to shine in the radiant light of the veiled sky.

Throwing a look at the dark mass of the pilgrims and the enemy army hidden behind it, she raised a hand and made a fist.

Then, without wasting any time, Seishan waved her soldiers forward.

Her voice rolled across the bone plain, followed by the reverberating howl of the war horns.

"Warriors of Song! Attack! For the Queen!"

The Song Army rushed forward.

The pilgrims formed the first wave, the thralls of Beastmaster formed the second. Human warriors were the third.

Standing far above the battlefield, Sunny gritted his teeth.

If he considered the situation coldly, there was nothing to worry about. Even if the Sword Army lost this battle, it would not hurt the plan at all. If anything, it would empower the Queen's position, making her inevitable clash against the King more equal.

Which meant that the two of them would exhaust each other more before one of them reached their limit, and would therefore become easier prey.

However, having spent months as a member of the Sword Army, Sunny could not help but feel distressed when the battle turned against his fellow soldiers.

Clenching his fists, he muttered a curse and turned his back to the battlefield.

His expression became cold.

"It won't be long, now. They will pay for all their crimes soon."

***

...Before too long, the Sword Army was buckling.

On the ground, the battle formation of the Sword Domain soldiers was being ravaged by the pilgrims, the thralls, and the warriors of Song. There were vast pockets of emptiness around calamitous clashes between the Transcendent champions — the Sword Saints were at a numerical disadvantage, and were therefore slowly being overwhelmed.

In the sky, the Chain Breaker and the few remaining aerial Echoes were locked in a fierce dogfight against the winged Nightmare Creatures, the Ivory Island hanging above them like a celestial fortress.

The battle had been ferocious and chaotic, claiming many lives in a flash. The Sword Army had never managed to fully recover from the initial tactical disadvantage, and despite its fierce resistance, its formation was on the verge of being broken and split apart.

Once that happened, the battle was going to turn into a slaughter.

It was all just too sudden, and had happened too fast. Before the dazed soldiers could even come to terms with reality, they were already on the precipice of defeat.

Screams and clangor of steel filled the air, and the once-pristine surface of the ancient bone was greedily drinking human blood. The eerie thing about the battle was that despite rivers of blood being spilled, there were hardly any bodies on the ground...

That was because no one stayed lying on the ground for too long in the carnage. Those who were lucky were healed by soothing white flames, while those who were not turned into empty-eyed puppets.

...However, the outcome of the battle was not decided yet.

Because Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan had not entered the melee yet.

When she finally did, however...

Two figures barred her path.

One was a monstrous creature wearing an armor of blood-red silk and crimson scales — she was Seishan, who had assumed her battle form.

The other was an exquisitely beautiful young woman with a delicate build and pale blonde hair. Her eyes were hidden behind a blue blindfold, and there was an empty scabbard attached to her belt.

It was Cassie.

She stood motionless in the middle of the battlefield, not showing any emotion. Her expression was tranquil... almost serene, as if the ghastly nightmare of the harrowing battlefield had no effect on her at all.

Nephis lowered her sword, looking at Cassie with a hint of doubt in her cold, grey eyes.

"...Cas?"

She was only pretending to be surprised, of course, having already guessed what Cassie wanted to do... and what the Song clan was going to do, as well.

But each of them had their role to play.

The monstrous visage of Seishan suddenly loomed over the blind seer. However, even when the ghastly creature's claws rose to rest against her throat, Cassie did not move.

"Nephis..."

Seishan's usually pleasant, husky voice sounded hoarse and distorted, coming out of her terrifying maw.

"You'd better stand down. There will be many battles... but you only have one friend."

Nephis looked at the princess of Song coldly as white flames ignited in her eyes.

"...You seem confident in yourself, Seishan. Are you sure that you can hurt her before I turn you to ash?"

Seishan seemed to hesitate for a moment.

Then, her lips twisted into a grin, revealing several rows of sharp triangular fangs.

"I do believe that I can... but let us not find out."

With that, she lowered her hand, leaving several shallow cuts on Cassie's slender neck.

Then, Seishan said evenly:

"Cassia."

At some point, a dagger appeared in the delicate woman's hand. At the sound of Seishan's voice, Cassie silently raised the dagger and pressed it against her own neck.

Her expression remained eerily calm.

Nephis expression, however, changed slightly.

"What did you..."

Before she could finish the sentence, Cassie pressed the blade deeper, and a thin stream of blood escaped from beneath it.

"Stop!"

Nephis took a step forward, then froze, greeting her teeth.

Her voice sounded even, but there was a note of wariness in it:

"Stop..."

Seishan studied her somberly for a little while.

"I think it is you who should stop. Look around... this battle is already lost, anyway. You will gain nothing if you continue to fight. On the contrary, you will lose something precious."

Answering to her Aspect, the blood flowed faster from the cut on Cassie's neck.

Nephis regarded Seishan silently for a while, her blazing eyes betraying a feeling of dark contempt.

Second passed after second, with more blood spilling on the ancient bone.

Eventually, she gritted her teeth.

...And shouted:

"Retreat!"




***
Chapter 2202: One Way or Another


***






The bloody battle had come to an end.

...It was a strange ordeal.

No one had expected the Queen to attack, but she had. From that point forward, the Song Army had no way back — having abandoned their stronghold and given up on retreating to the heavily fortified main camp, the warriors of Song were as good as committed to one final, decisive battle.

So, what they needed to do before that was weaken the enemy as much as they could. Simply routing the besieging army was not enough, since the surviving soldiers of the Sword Domain would be able to regroup with the forces led by the King and return to the battlefield days later.

No, what Ki Song needed was a slaughter. A thorough culling that would deeply wound the entire Sword Army, cutting its overall strength by almost a half... while simultaneously making the ranks of her dead legion swell. That would have been the soundest strategic solution, at least.

And yet, there was no slaughter. The defeated forces of the Sword Domain were allowed to retreat — having suffered severe casualties, but mostly intact.

The reason why the Queen had spared them was simple...

It was Nephis, Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan.

There was no Saint among the Transcendent champions of the Song Army who could defeat her in battle. Even if they joined forces, the outcome was unclear — especially considering that there were other Sword Saints supporting her.

The only way to defeat Changing Star was for the Queen to kill her personally.

Which she very well could do now that the final confrontation was drawing near. However, if Ki Song did enter the battlefield personally to kill Nephis and destroy the greater contingent of the Sword Army, then Anvil of Valor would without a doubt do the same, wiping out Song forces at the Lesser Crossing personally.

Countless Awakened soldiers would die, and plenty of Saints would die, as well. The King would lose his adopted daughter, while the Queen would lose three of hers. At the end, both sides would come out of the conflict bloodied and weakened, having gained no decisive advantage...

Granted, Ki Song stood to gain much more from the ghastly exchange than Anvil. That was because she would not just be killing Changing Star, but also conquering her Citadel, the Ivory Island — a great boon that could vastly improve her position in Godgrave. So, the cold logic of war still dictated that blood had to be spilled.

But perhaps because the Queen cared about her daughters more than the King did, she stayed her hand.

The gruesome battle had come to an abrupt end without a Sovereign unleashing their power, and the battered forces of the Sword Army were allowed to retreat. The Ivory Island drifted away, overseeing the retreating soldiers — most of them had survived, but too many had not.

The Song Army watched in grim silence.

Somewhere far away, in the Hollows, the news of the sudden attack had already reached the ears of the King of Swords.

After that, the very last act of the profane war of Godgrave began to play out.

The initiative was on the side of the Song Army, so they had the right to choose the final battlefield. Surprisingly enough, Ki Song did not lead her warriors south, but instead marched further east across the Breastbone Reach, deeper into the territory controlled by Anvil.

Eventually, her forces reached the northern edge of the dead god's sternum — a point almost directly opposite the great precipice far south, where the Nameless Temple stood.

Out there, with an abyssal drop to the distant mountain chain of the titanic skeleton's spine behind them, the warriors of Song made camp and started preparing for battle.

They could not have chosen a more eerie battlefield.

Here, the outskirts of the Hollow Mountains were extremely close, and the dark mountains themselves rose from the ground like a jagged black wall in the distance. Cold winds were blowing from the misty slopes, colliding with the heated air of Godgrave and giving birth to furious tornadoes from time to time.

Most disturbingly of all, the colossal skull of the dead god loomed above the northern edge of the Breastbone Reach, its inconceivable scale dwarfing the entire world despite the distance. The neck and the head of the titanic skeleton rested on the slopes of the Hollow Mountains, as if on a pillow, so it almost seemed as if the skull was staring directly at the battlefield from high above.

The unfathomably large, gaping holes of its eyes were full of impenetrable darkness, and its jaw was opened slightly, as if struggling to let out a harrowing groan.

...Or twist into a terrifying grin.

The dead god watched the mortals prepare to fight their last battle in silence, cold mists flowing across the white bone.

Since Ki Song had extended Anvil an invitation, he had no choice but to accept.

Going after the main camp of the Song Army and the Collarbone Citadel was also an option, but that would leave his own army camp vulnerable — so, he pulled the forces that had been supposed to attack the Lesser Crossing from the rear out of the Hollows, gathered the second siege contingent of the Sword Army, and marched north.

The defenders of the Lesser Crossing were left in a perplexing situation.

The force that had been laying siege to their stronghold retreated, leaving them with nothing to do. At the same time, they could neither march across the Breastbone Reach, since the King's army was in the way, nor return to the Collarbone Plain and march east, since there was not enough time — therefore, they could not rejoin the Queen before the final battle.

So, instead, the lesser contingent of the Song Army crossed from the First Rib to the Breastbone Reach and marched south, aiming to conquer the Nameless Temple... it remained to be seen if they would reach it before the two armies clashed, however.

The King seemed to believe that they would not.

At some point, the marching army under his command absorbed the retreating remains of the greater contingent and proceeded to the final battlefield.

Sunny and Nephis were busy with their own preparations for the last battle, of course.

Nephis led the retreating soldiers, while the Lord of Shadows had followed the King from Vanishing Lake north. They were reunited when the two forces met and merged, maintaining a polite distance between each other under the prying eye of the King.

Granted, the situation among those in command of the Sword Army was a bit awkward.

Saint Jest, the King's confidant, had secretly gotten into hot water for killing Song of the Fallen, Changing Star's right hand. Worse still, as it turned out, she was not really dead — instead, she was perfectly alive, and had been somehow captured by the Queen on top of that, which played a large role in the defeat of the siege forces at the Greater Crossing.

For most of the high-ranking members of the Sword Army, it was entirely unclear what exactly had transpired and how Saint Cassia ended up becoming a hostage of the Queen. Some whispered that she had betrayed the Sword Domain, but since her extreme loyalty to Changing Star was well-known, few believed these rumors.

Instead, most of the Sword Saints came to believe that it was the King himself who had conspired against Song of the Fallen. After all, everyone in the Sword Army had witnessed how he was suppressing his adopted daughter — to the point of sending a few of her Fire Keepers to their deaths.

Was it such a stretch to assume that the King would endeavor to remove her most powerful follower from the picture, as well? After all, the last time anyone saw Lady Cassia before the Greater Crossing battle, she had been leaving on a dangerous mission in the company of Saint Jest... and everyone who needed to know knew what kinds of tasks Jest performed for the King.

So, the mood among the champions of the Sword Army was somber and heavy.

Anvil did nothing to remove their doubts, treating the situation with his usual cold indifference.

And while all of that was happening...

One of Sunny's incarnations had traveled south, reaching the Nameless Temple at the same time as the retreating forces of the Sword Army met the contingent led by the King.

On the surface, he was acting under orders, aiming to defend the Citadel from a possible conquest party of Song champions. In reality, of course, Sunny had an entirely different goal.

Entering the dark hole of his Citadel, he looked around and let out a sigh.

'It's really happening. My, oh my...'

A dark smile twisted his lips under the mask.

Far north, under the terrifying gaze of the dead god...

The Sword Army reached the northern edge of the Breastbone Reach, spreading slowly to cut any possible path of retreat for the soldiers of Song.

The two armies camped in full view of each other, with only a vast plain of white bone separating them.

Soon enough, the white bone was going to be painted red.

The future of humanity was going to be decided on that bloody field...

One way or another.




***
Chapter 2203: Final Stage


***






Sunny was looking ahead from two entirely different perspectives.

He was Master Sunless, standing on the emerald grass of the Ivory Island. He was also the Lord of Shadows, standing on the surface of the ancient bone in the middle of the sprawling mass of the camped army.

The Hollow Mountains — a familiarly chilling sight — were rising like a colossal dark wall in the distance, with white mist shrouding the jagged black peaks. And there, between his somber incarnations and the misty slopes, a titanic skull loomed above the world, looking down at the insignificant struggles of the mortal warriors with an indifferent, eerie grin.

Each of its empty eye sockets was large enough to encompass a vast city, filled with nothing but impenetrable darkness.

Both of Sunny's incarnations shivered.

'It's strange, really.'

Considering the nature of Godgrave, he would have expected the skull to bloom with an ocean of scarlet growth, the abominable jungle spilling from its eyes like tears of blood. But even the jungle seemed wary of the dead god's skull, staying as far away from it as possible.

Considering what horrors dwelled in the ancient jungle, Sunny shuddered to imagine what kind of being could have scared the scarlet infestation away. Even the Sovereigns seemed unwilling to solve that particular mystery, which was why both of them had stayed clear of the skull.

Perhaps he would find out one day, when he was much stronger than even the Supremes... he would have to live through the final battle of the war first, of course.

His gaze drifted down from the dreadful visage of the titanic skull, returning to the ground.

The Song Army encampment was like a black line on the horizon — a considerable distance for mortal men, but barely a stone's throw away for a Transcendent like him. They were close enough for his shadow sense to encompass the enemy camp, at least, if he wanted to attract the Queen's attention.

There was nothing but the abyssal drop behind them, and the Sword Army had already cut off all paths of retreat. Making camp at the edge of the Breastbone Reach, under the watchful gaze of the dead god, was as much of a strategic decision as it was a statement.

Having their backs to the abyss ensured that the Sword Army would not be able to use its numerical superiority to completely encircle the warriors of Song. And at the same time, it conveyed a message — the Queen had no intentions of retreating.

It was victory or death for her, as it was for her men.

The vast stretch of white bone separated the two camps. The armies were preparing for battle, but the usual clamor was subdued. An oppressive quietness enveloped both camps. The wary soldiers were readying themselves in grim silence, their pale faces contrasting sharply against the deep darkness nestling in their eyes.

They had the look of people who had long lost grasp of reason, and were numbly going through the motions simply because stopping meant death.

The promise of one final, decisive battle filled them with dread and a strange kind of excitement in equal measure. Dread because many of them would die... most of them, perhaps. Excitement because the war, which had seemed endless, was finally coming to an end.

That said, Sunny wasn't quite sure about what this final battle was supposed to achieve.

The logic of a mundane war was quite simple — two armies faced each other, and the one that broke first lost. However, this war... the Domain War, Realm War, or simply the Great War, as people tended to call it lately... was different.

Because all the struggles and sacrifices that the soldiers had made were simply a prologue to the true confrontation — to the fight between the two Supremes. They had spent decades quietly preparing to fight each other, developing their forces and moving game pieces into advantageous positions.

Then, their Domains clashed in a bloody struggle to carve as much power as possible and break the tenuous balance between them by subjugating Godgrave.

Anvil had come out victorious from that clash, nearly pushing the forces of Ki Song off the titanic skeleton... but the Queen had ultimately won. She had destroyed the House of Night, usurped its Citadels of the Storm Sea, and set Mordret loose in the Sword Domain, thus diminishing the power of the enemy while greatly increasing her own.

Now, time was on her side. The longer she delayed the final confrontation, the greater the chance that Valor would lose Bastion became. There was Revel and Gilead, too, who were supposed to be approaching the two remaining Citadels in Godgrave — which meant that Anvil would not give her time and attack as soon as possible.

But what would such an attack even achieve?

Slaughtering Awakened soldiers would diminish the power of a Domain somewhat, but not as much as conquering Citadels or slaying Saints would. And neither of the Sovereigns would let their Saints fall without reason.

There were no Citadels on the northern edge of the Breastbone Reach. There was no territory to conquer here, either.

So, as far as Sunny could understand...

The two armies were preparing for battle for no reason whatsoever. If the Sovereigns were sane —and they were, in their own perverse way — they would not send their soldiers to slaughter each other on this pristine white field.

Instead, they would finally step onto the battlefield themselves.

Ki Song had at least some justification to prolong the conflict, but Anvil did not. So even if the Queen tried to force a clash between the armies, he had no reason to allow her to stall.

The soldiers were merely a tool to tie the adversary down — a potential danger that could not be ignored, and would therefore force the enemy's hand. They were merely here to witness one Sovereign fall, while the other ascended to the throne of war.

Sunny took a deep breath.

'That is, if I understand everything.'

But he could very well be missing something.

In any case, the stage was set.

The main characters of the play were about to enter the spotlight.

History was going to decide who was the hero, and who was the villain.

Not that it mattered, in the grand scheme of things.

...He had done everything he could, as well.

Now, it was time to see if his efforts were enough.

There was no day and night in Godgrave, and therefore no dawn.

So, the moment the two armies stirred and started to move was no different from any other.

Master Sunless took a deep breath on the Ivory Island.

Far below, the Lord of Shadows cracked his neck.

'It's really ending.'

Smiling behind the mask, he glanced at the looming skull one last time.

'Watch well, whatever you are. I don't know how this play will end... but it will definitely be entertaining.'




***
Chapter 2204: Unnamed


***






Across the wide expanse of pristine white bone, Rain was watching numbly as the soldiers around her were slowly leaving the camp to assemble into a battle formation.

The Seventh Royal Legion, despite having suffered severe casualties, was at the very center of the Song Army once again. They were going to face the Knights of Valor once again, and endure the fiercest of the fighting once again. If there was something different, though, it was that Princess Seishan was leading them personally this time.

Her grace and exquisite beauty were enough to take one's breath away... today, however, it paled in front of a delicate woman standing by her side. It was Saint Cassia, Song of the Fallen — the Transcendent hostage of the Queen.

One of them was like the moon, while the other was like the sun. The eyes of the soldiers were drawn to the two Saints against their will, and Rain could see a hint of a strange, dreamlike emotion ignite in the numb gazes of the terrified soldiers.

It was a bit like the way Ray looked at Fleur, and Fleur looked at Ray.

Come to think of it... it was also like the way her brother looked at soul shards.

Which was a bit strange, considering that she had not seen him absorb a soul shard even once.

'To each their own, I guess.'

Rain did not know how Cassie ended up being captured by Clan Song, and was in no position to worry about the beautiful Saint.

Inhaling slowly, she looked at her shadow.

Then, she whispered quietly:

"Is there... really going to be a battle?"

There had been many battles in this war, but none as frightening as this one. This one... would be the last, after all. The Song Army had nowhere to retreat, either.

Her shadow answered in a whisper.

"I don't know."

It remained silent for a few moments, and then added somberly:

"Whatever happens, though, do your best to survive. I might be... indisposed, later."

Rain exhaled.

There was a strange emotion in her heart. Something she had never felt before, and could not quite name... the word was at the tip of her tongue, demanding to be spoken, but it was not coming to her.

It felt too powerful to be a simple feeling, and oddly elusive.

She checked her bow, and then said awkwardly:

"...You too. Do your best to survive, I mean."

Her shadow chuckled.

"That's the plan."

He did not get the opportunity to say anything else, however, because Tamar approached her at that moment.

The Legacy girl looked like she always did... well, actually, not quite.

Rain had not noticed it before, but Tamar had changed a lot from the young girl she met on the Moonriver Plain. Before, her stern demeanor did not quite fit her youthful appearance, as if Tamar was only playing the adult without quite having the maturity to be one.

She was still just as young, but there was a firm coldness and a dark confidence to her eyes that had not been there before — a kind of harshness that did not fit the eyes of someone so young... not in any kind of world worth living in, at least.

Rain suspected that she had the same haunted look in her own eyes. All of them, soldiers of the Song Army, had it now... the soldiers of the Sword Army were probably no different.

War had a way of quickly turning youths into adults, and adults into a broken mess.

She sighed.

Tamar looked at Rain silently for a few moments.

"Are you ready?"

Rain forced out a smile.

"Not at all."

Her friend nodded curtly, then said in the same neutral tone:

"Well... tough."

Hearing that, Rain couldn't help but laugh.

A tentative smile found its way on Tamar's lips, as well.

"Gods... I was hired to build roads, you know? How did I end up in this mess?"

Tamar shrugged.

"You don't know?"

She hesitated for a moment, then sighed.

"Listen, Rani... I wasn't going to mention anything, but since you're asking, I'll just say it. It's because you're not very bright. No, really — every decision you make is unwise. Actually, unwise is not quite enough to describe it. Ill-advised... monumentally stupid? Yeah, that's better. It is a bit shocking, honestly, the consistency with which you manage to make the worst possible choice in each and every damn situation..."

Rain grinned. Considering how much the usually taciturn Tamar was talking, she seemed nervous, too.

Her logic was quite sound, though.

Rain sighed and shook her head, then asked in a slightly amused tone:

"You do know that Rani is not my real name, right?"

It was just something that entered her mind out of the blue. It was a bit funny, that none of her friends even knew what her name was... they could even die without ever finding out.

That would be a bit sad.

Tamar stopped talking and blinked, staring at her in confusion. A few moments later, she asked slowly:

"...It isn't?"

Rain shook her head.

"Nope."

Her friend seemed genuinely startled. She remained silent for a while, then raised an eyebrow.

"What is your real name, then?"

Rain coughed, suddenly feeling embarrassed.

"That, uh... well, you know. It's Rain, actually."

Tamar stared at her for a while, then sighed and palmed her face.

"So you just moved two letters around? Ah... what can I even say? Case in point."

Rain gave her a look of indignation.

"Hey! It's... it's not easy to come up with a fake name on the spot, you know! You try it!"

The young Legacy shook her head.

"I don't see why I ever would."

They looked at each other, smiling.

...Their smiles were pale and fragile, though.

All around them, the Song Army was slowly moving, assembling into a battle formation.

Across the wide divide of the pristine white plain, the Sword Army was doing the same.

However, before two armies met under the radiant sky of Godgrave...

Three different battles were coming to an end somewhere else — far away, but promising to change the outcome of the war despite the distance.




***
Chapter 2205: Run to Failure


***






A shattered moon shone upon a shattered castle. The castle had always been a ruin, but now it was reduced to rubble. The rubble used to be surrounded by a deep lake, but now, the lake was gone.

Its bottom had been revealed, in all its mystery and horror...

Indifferent to what lay at the bottom of the lake, Morgan of Valor hunched over an alloy pan and looked into the fire numbly.

There was a gentle gust of wind, and Nightingale landed nearby, greeting her and the other Saints. Then, a stronger gale crashed into the remains of a crumbling wall that protected the fire, and a small pebble fell from it down toward the pan.

Morgan did not move, allowing the pebble to fall into the pan.

A few moments later, she sighed heavily.

'...I'm sick of it.'

How many times had it been, already?

The day repeated itself endlessly. Each time, she gathered her Saints and faced her brother in battle. Each time, they lost miserably and died. Over and over again, she suffered the pain of her body being torn apart and broken, activating the enchantment that reset time at the last moment.

Rinse and repeat.

It had been somewhat exciting at first. Morgan did not enjoy losing, but she loved battle. So, this closed loop of endless warfare was like a playground for her — a lethal and vicious playground, but a fascinating one nonetheless.

Her brother, too, was a perfect enemy. He was strong, cunning, ruthless, and hateful... a worthy adversary for her own insidious mind, at last. Even better, he somehow retained the memories of all their previous battles, so the strategies he employed against her were both varied and increasingly diabolical.

But the novelty had quickly grown old.

Nobody was fond of hitting their head against a wall, after all. And Mordret was indeed a wall —an unbreakable barrier that she could not overcome, no matter how earnestly she tried. The power disparity was too vast. The resource distribution was too uneven...

Even though the champions under her command had proven to be far more formidable than her already quite flattering evaluation of them —especially the three government Saints — the Transcendent vessels Mordret controlled were deadlier. There were the Nightmare Creatures he kept subjugating, as well.

And even though they were fighting on a battlefield of her choosing, the ruins of true Bastion failed to contain Mordret in the end.

She had hoped that the Others would stifle him... maybe even destroy him. But although her brother had been held back by the threat of these eerie beings for a while, he seemed to have learned how to escape them eventually.

During one of the more desperate battles, Morgan had even employed a perilous strategy to draw them forth — using her Transcendent form, she fashioned her body into a flat plane of polished steel that towered above the ruins like a replica of the Great Mirror, reflecting the shattered moon and the broken castle back upon the world.

The swarm of the Others she had unleashed was a terror to behold, and resulted in some of the most harrowing deaths she witnessed even after months spent in the endless loop of hopeless battles. And yet, her brother had survived their onslaught for far longer than she had.

Looking back, that was the breaking point when this endless death loop had gone from tiresome to tedious.

And over many lost battles after that, Morgan had slowly grown numb. There was a difference between being defeated and surrendering to defeat... and while she was neither ready to nor capable of surrendering, it was getting hard to remember what she was fighting for, to begin with.

'Desire...'

Morgan often thought back to what her brother had told her during the Battle of the Black Skull. He had said that his desire to kill her was stronger than her desire to kill him, and that was why he was stronger.

Back then, she had dismissed his words as mockery... and an indication of the difference in their technique, perhaps. Her brother was perfectly willing to sacrifice his body to achieve victory — he had plenty of those to spare, after all. But Morgan was held back by the deeply human need to keep herself away from harm, which gave him a profound tactical advantage in a sword fight.

But now, she was starting to suspect that there was a deeper meaning to what her brother had said. Resolve, determination, conviction, those weren't simply empty words, not to powerful beings like them. All these passions were born of desire and fueled by it.

Desire... was the source of all virtues, as well as of all sins.

Mordret was driven by his ardent desire to avenge himself on his family, and while his wicked passion was as twisted as he was himself... what did Morgan have to offer in turn?

The desire to win? To prove herself worthy? To earn the approval of their father... or, if not, then to at least save herself the biting shame of disappointing him?

All those were too abstract, too empty. They had not seemed like that before, but they did now. More than that, these wishes had been forced upon her by others instead of coming from within her own soul. These small and meddlesome desires were only worthy of a princess who had been raised to be a tool.

They were not fit to be called a passion.

Morgan was not really passionate about anything, except maybe the pure art of war and combat itself. But that was not enough.

Her heart was not really in the battle... at least not to the degree this battle demanded. And, therefore, she could not win.

Luckily, she did not need to win. She just needed to hold out... out there in Godgrave, the final battle was swiftly approaching. A few more loops, and she would have accomplished her goal without even managing to defeat her brother.

How ironic was that?

Even knowing that the end was near, though, Morgan could not get herself to feel any excitement.

She was tired, and all of it just all seemed senseless.

'...Damn. The stew is ruined.'

Wincing, Morgan extended a hand and fished the pebble out of the pan. Dropping it to the ground, she looked at the stew without much appetite.

"Dinner is ready."

Her voice was subdued.

Nightingale gave her a strange look. She had developed a bit of tolerance to his looks by now, but still... the man was obnoxiously handsome even when he felt unsure. It used to make her want to tease him more.

He was probably considering if she had been replaced by one of the Others now, full of trepidation.

Well... maybe not.

The government Saints had changed in the last few loops.

It was barely noticeable, but Morgan had spent too many repeating days in their company to miss the subtle difference.

Maybe they were the ones replaced by the Others...

She smiled slightly.

No, of course not. There was a much simpler answer to their changed attitudes.

Even without her telling them, they somehow knew about the loop.




***
Chapter 2206: Her Pride


***






Morgan was almost certain that Soul Reaper, Raised by Wolves, and Nightingale had become aware of the loop. They did not seem quite capable of retaining their memories, at least not yet, but something — or someone — was informing them of what was going on at the start of each new day.

The signs were subtle, but indisputable. Their reactions had changed subtly, and the words they spoke did not always match what they had usually said before. There was also that one time when Raised by Wolves had disappeared somewhere for almost an hour, then returned with a deep sense of discomfort hiding in the depths of her hazel eyes.

Morgan noted all these changes, but stayed silent about them.

It was not that difficult for someone locked in this loop to become aware of it. After all, it was merely a bubble of repeating time — vast enough to encompass the ruins of True Bastion and the surrounding lands, but relatively small in the grand scheme of things. Time continued to flow outside of the bubble, and the world continued to spin.

...If the Dream Realm even spun around an orbit, of course.

Morgan was familiar with events that had taken place inside the Tomb of Ariel — not the least of all because of the strangely detailed exploration report published by an anonymous author, whom Clan Valor had failed to find despite great efforts. The hourglass enchantment functioned similarly to the Great River created by the Demon of Dread, but on a much smaller scale.

In any case, while communicating with the outside world was difficult, it was not impossible. Morgan herself was receiving news of how the war proceeded in Godgrave from time to time... her brother probably had a vessel or two hidden somewhere outside the bubble, without a doubt. That was most likely how he was able to retain the memories of their previous battles, even.

So, the government Saints could have very well received a communication from the outside world themselves — either a repeating one that informed them of the situation every day, or simply something that stayed with them as they returned to the past.

In fact, it was not even necessary for the information to come from the outside. Mordret himself could have contacted them, striking some kind of deal.

Morgan smiled faintly.

Was that it? Was she going to be betrayed? Had he already infected her subordinates — not by consuming their souls, but simply by convincing them with sweet words?

Betrayal was always a possibility. Every person had a key... some could be bought, some could be coerced. Some could be deceived, while some only needed to be given an opportunity to stab others in the back. Morgan had been on both sides of this equation enough times to know that trusting anyone fully was a foolish sentiment.

That said, she could not quite imagine Soul Reaper or Raised by Wolves striking a deal with Mordret after fighting side by side with the surviving Saints of the House of Night for so long. Least of all Nightingale, the inflexible bore...

So, their newfound awareness had most likely come from her dear sister, Changing Star. They had been members of her cohort once, after all, and although life led them to different paths, a connection like that was not easily broken by political affiliation.

So... what was Nephis scheming?

Suddenly, betrayal seemed even more inevitable.

Morgan chuckled and looked at Nightingale with an amused smile.

"No, I am not one of the Others. Come eat, everyone. The food is getting cold."

Betrayal or not... she did not really care. So, Morgan pretended to be oblivious to their tense gazes and took the pan off the fire, ready to scoop the stew into the bowls.

They ate their food, like they always did. And then, they prepared for battle, like they always did.

And then, the moonlit ruins became a hellscape where monsters and demigods tore each other apart in a mad feast of destruction and blood, like they always did.

The gargantuan forms of Typhaon and Knossos moved across the shallow lake. Streams of starlight rained from the night sky, devastating the land. The titanic form of a steel goddess plummeted from the slopes of the mountain and landed in the drowned city below, making the world quake. A cold mist was spreading from within the ruins, and the haunting song of a night dragon permeated the dark sky.

Raising her sword, Morgan struggled with an overwhelming sense of déjà vu.

Why was she persisting? Surely, this senseless, never-ending slaughter was too much for a sane person to endure.

Her desire to win was nothing more than a malignant sense of obligation. Her desire to prove herself to others had turned to ash a long time ago, after she learned that those who would deem her unworthy were themselves not worthy of casting judgment on her.

Her desire to earn the approval of her father... to not become a disappointment in his cold, uncaring eyes... had lost all meaning as well, at some point.

Why was that?

As Mordret's vessels were destroyed one after another, and her Saints fell one after another, their blood painting the ruins red, Morgan took a deep breath.

Was it because she had become disappointed in him, as well?

Probably, yes. Not that he would care.

So why was she fighting?

A dark grin twisted Morgan's lips.

Well... was it not simply because she liked it?

Her desire to win might not have been as powerful as her brother's overwhelming, hate-fueled passion... but she had her pride, as well.

She hated to lose.

And that was reason enough for her to persist and fight for these ruins until the sky itself broke apart, and the pieces of the shattered moon fell down like a rain of fire.

Simply because she was too stubborn to give up, and knew how to appreciate a good battle.

A good war.

'Yeah... I like it. It's nice.'

Morgan was going to stop her brother — not for anyone else, but solely for herself.

Pale moonlight reflected from the blade of her sword as Morgan jumped from the ruined wall to face Mordret...

Like she always did.




***
Chapter 2207: Limit of Loyalty


***






Their battle was just as furious as always, but it felt a little different.

Because Morgan was tired, and because she was enjoying herself a little bit more.

She was strong, she was fearsome. Her Aspect was brimming with dire power — one that was sharp enough to cut down anything and anyone who stood in her way.

Or so she had thought before.

Over the past months, though, Morgan's edge had become a little dull. Any sword would lose its sharpness if someone kept hammering it against a hard surface, after all... and her brother's vile presence was much too difficult to cut.

Still, Morgan met him once again, and fought him once again.

By now, they knew the depths of each other's lethality all too well. She was a tide of living metal that drowned and shredded everything it touched. He was an insidious fiend who used stolen bodies and overwhelming force to exhaust and strangle his enemies, leaving them no chance to survive.

The ruins shuddered and turned to dust as Morgan battled Mordret and his Transcendent vessels. The wave of liquid metal flowed through them like a tide, enveloping the few remaining structures and toppling them one after another. The lumbering figures of Mordret's stolen bodies pursued, tearing at it with their fangs, their claws, and the power of their Aspects.

Some of them drowned in her flowing form and were eviscerated, while others managed to deal damage and bring her agony before being cut down.

Morgan felt a strange divide within herself...

She was enjoying the furious abandonment of battle. But at the same time, she felt like she was simply going through the motions.

It was both exhilarating and tedious in equal measure.

She wanted to stop.

But she did not... could not.

She refused to.

As her reserves of essence dwindled and her voluminous steel body slowly shrank as more and more of the liquid metal was frozen, annihilated, or swallowed by rust and corrosion, the mocking words of her brother pursued her:

"Ah, dear sister... aren't you repeating yourself? You contorted your Transcendent form into this hideous sword apparition seven battles ago. Or was it five? Ah, but it had fewer hands back then, I guess... still, do you really think that a few additional blades will save you?"

"Oh, look... isn't it Saint Naeve? Seems like he is missing his head, poor fellow. Goodness gracious, didn't he have a daughter? I guess you'll have to break the news to her soon. If you manage to run away from me again, of course..."

"Have you heard? They are chanting the name of Changing Star all over the world. Dear father has always preferred her to you, and now, the whole world does too. They have already forgotten your name, Morgan. Was there a second princess in the Sword Domain? Who? That is what they are saying, or so I've heard..."

Morgan laughed.

As if she cared...

Dismissing her Transcendent form and rolling down from a pile of rubble, she spat a mouthful of blood and rose to her feet shakily, using her sword as support.

Then, she looked around with a pale smile.

"Oh, look... all your vessels are dead."

Her smile faltered, though, when more blood flowed out of her mouth.

Morgan bent in a painful coughing fit, then straightened and wiped her mouth tiredly.

"And also, do you ever shut up? Why do people even call you the Prince of Nothing? They really should call you the Prince of Running His Mouth, instead..."

As Mordret — his original body — jumped down from the ruins of a tall wall and landed softly a dozen or so meters away, she looked at him and grinned.

"Right. It's because you were discarded by our father like trash, then tossed aside by the Dreamspawn like trash. You know what they say... one man's trash is another man's treasure. Doesn't seem to apply to you, though... bastard."

Her brother's smile grew a little forced.

At least she wanted to believe that it did.

Mordret chuckled.

"I'll enjoy ripping out that dirty tongue of yours, sister... again."

Morgan struggled to raise her sword and smiled.

"Do try."

He descended upon her like a natural disaster. Technically, Morgan was stronger than her brother — her Aspect bestowed many boons upon her, after all, while his had little to do with direct confrontation. However, she was wounded and exhausted after dealing with the vessels... and he was a Titan, as well, while she was a mere Beast.

Their power was almost evenly matched.

Almost...

In the end, Morgan still lost.

Her sword clattered as it slid across the ground, and she staggered back, falling to her knees. Her severed hand landed a few meters away, fingers twitching as crimson blood seeped into the rubble.

'Ah...'

The pain was exquisite.

Mordret glanced at her twitching hand, then looked at her with a pleasant smile.

"Well, that surely brings back memories. Should I take your eye, as well? That would be fitting, I think. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth."

He seemed to be in a strangely good mood.

Her brother always acted as if life was infinitely amusing, but today, his satisfaction seemed genuine for the first time.

That filled Morgan with a sudden feeling of dread.

She suppressed a groan and stared at him firmly.

"...What are you so happy about, bastard?"

Mordret scratched his head.

"You keep calling me a bastard on purpose, don't you? How pitiful. At least I didn't kill our mother, you know?"

Then, laughing, he walked over to Morgan and loomed above her, looking down with a twisted smile.

"I'll let it go today, though. There's cause for celebration! After all... I have finally won."

Morgan's eyes narrowed, and she pushed some air into her crushed lungs before saying through gritted teeth:

"Have you lost what little remains of your mind? You've won nothing, abomination. I might have lost again, but we will just continue to repeat this battle over, and over, and over again... until you are defeated. I have plenty of patience, believe me. I am willing to fight you until the world ends, if need be."

Mordret stared at her for a while, then threw his head back and laughed.

"I have no doubt! My stubborn sister... ah, but you don't really need to defeat me, do you? You just need to keep losing until our father clashes with Ki Song in battle."

Morgan just stared at him silently. They both knew it, so why was he mentioning it today?

Mordret's smile slowly drained away, and he looked at her with a cold, dark expression.

"What you failed to account for, though, is that I don't need to win here either."

Her eyes widened slightly, and she winced, struggling to contain the pain.

Her brother chuckled.

"You've been defending Bastion so bravely, sister, so valiantly... but I don't really need to conquer it, do I? I just need to make sure that it is lost to our father. That it ceases to be a part of his Domain, and therefore robs him of its power."

Morgan swayed a little.

"What are you... I am still in control of Bastion. It is still mine. And you can't take it from me, no matter how hard you try."

Crouching in front of her, Mordret leaned forward and whispered, his insidious voice flowing into her ear like honey:

"Exactly. It is yours... not our father's. It used to be a part of the Sword Domain simply because you were loyal to the King. Where is your loyalty now, though, Morgan? How much of it is left?"

She shivered.

Mordret looked at her coldly and said with chilling indifference, all pretense of being a human lost from his voice:

"You might pretend otherwise, but we both know... none of it is left, now. I helped you get rid of it. In these godforsaken ruins, I drained you of every drop of faith you had left in our father, and now, you are lost to him. He has lost you, and therefore..."

Her brother stood up and looked down with a dark and triumphant expression.

"...He has lost Bastion, as well. My mission is complete."

Taking a step back, he looked up at the shattered moon and exploded with laughter.

"Ah... it would have been so nice, so lovely to wrench control of this damned castle from your hands, but this... this is even sweeter, I think!"

Morgan stared at him in stunned horror, numbly searching her soul for any lingering attachment to their father... to his kingdom... to his great Domain.

But just like her brother had said, she could not find anything.

'No... wait...'

Stopping his laughter, Mordret lowered his head and looked at her darkly.

His lips twisted into a faint smile.

"...Time to die, sister."

Morgan stared back at him.

She lingered for a moment, and then said weakly:

"Go to hell."

With that, she activated the hourglass enchantment.

The tide of time was turned back once more.

...But even so, nothing could change the outcome of their battle, this time.




***
Chapter 2208: Will of the People


***






The femur of the dead deity turned from a great inclined plain into a labyrinth of vast, deep canyons near its southern edge... the end of Godgrave.

That was because both legs of the titanic skeleton had been shattered by a harrowing blow once, thousands of years ago. Both of its femurs were heavily damaged near the knees, deep cracks marring the surface of the ancient bone. Some cracks led to the Hollows... some were even deeper, going all the way to the Sea of Ash far below.

The knee joints themselves were out of sight, buried in the ash. Since nobody knew how deep the Sea of Ash was, it was impossible to tell if the dead god's tibias and fibulas were hidden under the endless grey carpet, or if something had severed them completely in the distant past.

The Citadel Gilead had been ordered to conquer was situated at the very last bone plateau, standing on the shore of the Sea of Ash...

The journey to the end of Godgrave had been harrowing. The battle for the Citadel, located so close to the endless expanse of ash, promised to be more harrowing still.

"Are you sure that we can even take it?"

The voice sounded tired.

Gilead kept his gaze aimed across the last canyon, then turned slowly to look at his last companion.

The two of them were all that remained of the expedition.

His lustrous armor had long been destroyed, and his skin had turned the color of bronze under the merciless radiance of the overcast. Even his tunic had been bleached by the light, losing all color.

The woman's parasol was in the same sorry state. The beautiful patterns that used to cover its surface were now faint and feeble, barely noticeable in the bright light.

It was a miracle that the flimsy thing had survived at all.

Looking at the woman, Gilead suddenly found the situation comical.

So many brave warriors had died... skilled Awakened, fearsome Masters. Even a powerful Saint. And yet, this mundane luxury item the woman had brought with herself on a whim was in one piece.

He sighed deeply.

Gilead's blue eyes were vivid and feverish, but the woman's green eyes were dim and calm.

After endless days of horror and suffering, they had finally reached their destination. Now, there were only these few last obstacles left for them to overcome... the last canyon, the last plateau, and the Citadel itself.

He remembered that she had asked him a question and nodded belatedly.

"We must take it, and therefore, we will."

The lower part of the woman's face was hidden behind a scarf, but he could tell by her eyes that she smiled.

She had not smiled in a while, so that was probably a good sign.

"It's just the two of us now. Two Saints against whatever profane horror guards that Citadel... I'd say the odds are not in our favor."

Gilead pursed his lips, then shook his head grimly.

"We've made it so far. So, we'll take it."

The woman studied him for a while, then leaned back and laughed.

Then, she folded her parasol and looked at him coldly.

Confused, Gilead turned to the canyon.

"Let's rest here. I will carry you to the other side once we have recovered our essence..."

"No."

He paused, unsure if he had heard her right. Looking back, he frowned.

"...No?"

The woman was smiling.

"Yes... no?"

She leaned on her parasol and spoke, her voice remaining calm.

"I was going to tell you a while back... on the day we lost half of the remaining soldiers, and you refused to turn back. But then, I decided to wait a bit. To crush your spirit better."

Gilead blinked, staring at her in confusion.

"What do you mean? The Citadel..."

The woman chuckled.

"I refuse."

Noticing his incomprehension, she shook her head.

"Everyone is dead, but I am alive. I am alive because you've kept me alive, and you've kept me alive because you need a homeless Saint to claim the Citadel. But I won't. I refuse. Honestly, I'd rather dive into the Sea of Ash head-first. Oh... and you go to hell, Summer Knight. There is a special place there prepared for people like you, I'm sure."

She laughed again, sounding more than a little unhinged to his ears.

Had she been harboring these thoughts quietly all this time?

Her green eyes came alive again, growing as bright as they had been once... before they left on this cursed expedition.

"There, I spoke my piece. Now, I'm leaving."

Gilead frowned, stumped.

He was too tired, too hurt, and too spent to comprehend the strange situation. His thoughts were moving slowly.

What was she saying?

No, he understood what she was saying. But words weren't magical spells that bent reality to one's wishes. What did she expect would happen because of her outburst?

"We have our orders."

The woman raised an eyebrow, her green eyes full of mirth.

"So what? You might be hellbent on staying loyal to the King, but I am not. In fact, I'm sick of him and his orders. I was already sick before being sent on this futile expedition, and now, after witnessing all our soldiers die senseless deaths, I don't even care to pretend that I'm not."

Gilead raised a hand and rubbed his face tiredly.

The deaths of the soldiers weighed heavily on his soul, as well. He was sick and tired, as well.

But he just could not understand.

She was a Saint. A Transcendent champion of the Sword Domain, the best there was. Sure, not all Saints were retainers of the Great Clan Valor like he was. And even among the Knights, not everyone took their oaths as seriously as he did.

Some people were guided by greed and self-interest. Most people were simply lost.

But most Saints still had enough composure to keep their wits about them. What was she hoping to achieve? Were there others like her among the Transcendent champions of the Sword Domain, ready to abandon reason?

"You... refuse? You can't refuse."

The woman seemed to grin.

"Can't I? What are you going to do to stop me, Summer Knight? I admit, you are far stronger than me. You can kill me. You can overpower me. You can even drag me to the Citadel against my will. But... even if you do, you can't force me to claim it. You can't do anything."

Gilead just stared at her blankly.

Then, a hint of exasperated anger ignited in his piercing blue eyes.

"And then what? What happens after you flee to the waking world? Do you think that the King will just let you be?! Or are you planning to fight him, as well?! It's useless!"

The woman stared at him for a while, then sighed and opened her parasol.

Hiding in its shade, she shook her head.

"Is it useless, though?"

Gilead laughed.

"You don't know anything. You haven't seen anything. If you think that you can fight a Sovereign... if any of us, or even all of us can... then you are delusional. It is nothing but an exercise in futility."

The woman smiled again.

"I think not."

He stared at her somberly, and she shook her head again.

"I think that you are misunderstanding something very important, Summer Knight. You are right, I can't fight the King. It's hopeless... if I do, he'll kill me. But what happens after he kills me? Do you think that I'll be the last one to defy him? Is he going to kill everyone who disobeys his orders?"

The woman scoffed.

"We mere mortals are powerless in front of a Sovereign, because a Sovereign is like a god. His will is the divine will. But gods are also powerless in front of us mortals, because their divinity depends on a Domain, and Domains consist of people. What is he going to be the King of if people turn their backs on him, and he slaughters the people? The King of Nothing?"

Twirling her parasol, she took a step closer to Gilead and looked him in the eye.

"We mortals are not as powerless as you think. And our will is not as insignificant as it seems. But even if it is... well, to be frank, I don't care. I just don't give a damn anymore. I'm done with this farce."

As Gilead stared at her, struggling to find words to retort, the woman gave him a look of pity.

"Oh, and also... for Spell's sake. You swore a knightly oath of fealty to the Great Clan Valor, did you not? Well, the Great Clan Valor consists of many people. Find a less rotten one to be loyal to, you fool. By the dead gods, even Changing Star is an heir of Valor these days..."

With that...

The woman disappeared into thin air, having pulled on her tether to return to the waking world.

The vivid green radiance of her eyes faded, leaving only shades of white and grey in the world.

Left alone, Sir Gilead, the Summer Knight, tiredly lowered himself to the ground.

He had done all he could... more than he could, even.

But despite that, his mission had ended in failure.




***
Chapter 2209: Dark Waters


***






"She's coming back!"

The dark water boiled as the gargantuan horror rose from below. Its translucent carapace glistened like obsidian in the bright light of the luminous Memories, and the battered ships scattered, pushed aside by the turbulent waves.

The creature was too large to discern its full shape. The people struggling to stay on the splintered decks could only catch glimpses of its harrowing visage: the enormous black eyes, the jagged line of a dreadful mandible, the forest of titanic limbs, the flexible antennae that reached almost a kilometer into the air...

However, the ghastly depth dweller was not what made the people weary — they had battled plenty of terrifying abominations while sailing through the darkness of the Spine Ocean already, many of them far more dreadful and eerie than this one. The punitive expedition had lost most of its ship in the process, and plenty of warriors... but dying in a battle with Nightmare Creatures was a familiar thought to Awakened.

The murderous demon that hid in the darkness above was far more unnerving.

As the remaining forged Echoes tore into the dweller of the depths, breaking its carapace with steel fangs, their riders unleashed a barrage of harpoons and arrows into the cracks. Each was a powerful Memory capable of dealing immense harm — the Nightmare Creature sustained some damage, and while it was not seriously wounded yet, they managed to keep it away from the ships.

"There!"

Several brilliantly shining arrows shot into the air from the decks, chasing away the darkness.

All darkness but a small formless mass of it.

The mass of darkness was falling as it twisted to avoid one of the arrows, and was then torn apart by a bright beam of incinerating energy that shot from one of the decks.

From within it, an enchanting figure was revealed.

A beautiful fiend with alabaster skin and obsidian hair plummeted from the sky, her black wings folded to increase the speed. Her armor was torn and broken, and her mesmerizing face was painted by blood. Several arrows protruded from her sides, slowly collapsing into a rain of sparks.

And yet, there was a chilling, cruel glint in the winged demon's onyx eyes.

"Don't let her reach the ships!"

But it was already too late.

Revel was too close.

She fell on the deck of the ship that had been washed away from the others at terrible speed, summoning her darkness at the last moment.

The Ascended warriors scrambled to assume a defensive formation, the melee fighters rushing forward as their less resilient comrades stepped back. A wall of shields and a palisade of spears barred her path, sorcerous flames dispelling true darkness that shrouded her like a veil.

The pursuers had long learned how to deal with her ambushes. She had managed to cull many of them at the start, eventually killing two of the Saints, but by now, every attack was a deadly gamble.

It was too easy to get bogged down, surrounded, and cut down...

However, that was alright. Because Revel was learning too.

Usually, she would have shot past the deck, either severing bodies or catching an enemy or two to throw them overboard before disappearing into the darkness. But this time, she did not — instead, she simply crashed into the damaged deck like a cannonball, piercing it in a cloud of splinters.

She pieced the entire ship.

As cold water washed over her, a litany of shouts bloomed above the damaged ship.

"She's gone!"

"Damn it, the hull is breached!"

"The cargo hold is flooding!"

"She's in the water!"

Revel spun and used her wings to push herself through the dark waters. Reaching the shattered hull of the ship, she used her claws to widen the breach, then spun again and pushed herself off the enchanted wood, into the depths.

Usually, the warriors of the Sword Domain would have been easily able to repair such damage to one of their ships. She would not have risked falling into the water, either, where the forged Echoes were waiting to tear her apart.

But the battered fleet was currently being besieged by the underwater horror. The Echoes were away, trying to breach its thick carapace, and the ships were scrambling to stay at a distance.

The vessel she had damaged would not sink, most likely... but they would take a lot of water, which would slow them down.

And make them a sitting duck.

Then, one of the four remaining Valor Saints would have to make a decision. They would either have to risk themselves to protect the damaged ship, or sacrifice it.

Either way, Revel would get a chance to take down one more Transcendent.

...If she survived that long, of course. She was not doing too well herself.

Revel was strong, and Moonveil was strong as well. But it was just the two of them against seven Saints of the Sword Domain and their entire expedition. They had whittled the enemy numbers down over the long and harrowing voyage through the Spine Ocean... they killed some themselves, and killed others by luring the enemy ships into the maws of the horrors that dwelled in the darkness.

But the enemy had whittled Revel and Moonveil down, as well.

Their essence was exhausted. Their bodies were riddled with wounds. Their Memories and Echoes had been destroyed, and their supplies had long run dry. The dwellers of the depths were just as eager to consume them as they hungered for the souls and flesh of the pursuers.

The Citadel was drawing closer.

Revel knew that she would not be able to destroy the remains of the Sword Domain force before their ships reached the destination.

So... the outcome of this nightmare would most likely be decided in a desperate three-way battle between the daughters of Queen Song, the Saints of the Sword Domain, and the guardian of the Spine Ocean Citadel.

Whatever that horror was.

Chances were, the Nightmare Creature that had made its nest in the Citadel would be the final victor.

Gritting her teeth, she tore the remaining arrows out of her flesh and shattered them, feeling the poison that had coated the arrowheads struggle to paralyze her body.

A powerful current threw her away as a severed antenna of the crustacean behemoth plummeted into the water from great heights, displacing countless tons of water.

'No time to waste, now...'

Folding her wings, Revel swam upward.

***

Some time later, she reached the crack in the dome of the dead god's spine that had served them as shelter last night. Dismissing her wings, Reven pushed her shredded body inside, fell on the uneven floor, and drew a laborious breath. Her Transcendent physique was already working on mending her mangled flesh, but even its staggering vitality was not enough to contend against the accumulated damage.

Soon, a pale light ignited in the crevice, and she saw Moonveil.

Her sister was sitting while leaning on a wall, her hands cradling a terrifying wound in her abdomen. She smiled weakly.

"How was the hunt?"

Revel tiredly shook her head.

"They lost two ships. But they still have four Saints."

She hesitated for a few moments, and then added quietly:

"We will leave as soon as I replenish a little essence. The Citadel is only a few hours away, now..."

Moonveil sighed.

"Do you think we'll manage to defeat the guardian, kill the Sword Saints, and conquer it'?"

Revel exhaled slowly.

"Maybe... maybe not. We don't need to, anyway. Instead, we'll do what Seishan and Hel did — I'll stall the enemies, you'll find the Gateway and claim it."

Her sister frowned.

"...And just leave you to die?"

Revel studied her face for a few moments, then laughed quietly.

"Gods, it seems you really lost a lot of blood. What are you thinking about, fool? Once you claim the Citadel, it will become a part of Mother's Domain. And once it becomes a part of her Domain, she will deal with the Sword Saints — and the guardian. I just need to survive until then."

Moonveil remained silent for a while.

Eventually, she said softly:

"Can you even manage that? I am warning you... don't even think about dying, Revel. I'll be very mad. Don't show your face in front of me if you do."

Revel did not respond, sensing how little strength was left in her battered body.

Finally, she smiled.

"Alright. Since you insist…"




***
Chapter 2210: Song, Vale


***






Two armies faced each other on a bone plain.

On one side, steel glistened and vermilion banners fluttered in the wind. On the other side, a legion of the dead stood silently in front of the somber soldiers, a myriad of eyes brimming with emptiness, fear, and grim anticipation.

The eyes of the warriors of the Sword Domain were not much different, full of dread and hopeless resignation.

The veil of grey clouds shone brilliantly in the distant sky, and the blinding light was making the bone plain shine as well, like the surface of a white-hot pan. The sweltering heat was suffocating, making the warriors of Song yearn for the cold snowstorms of Ravenheart, while the warriors of Valor yearned for the cool waters of the Mirror Lake.

Were they going to see their homes again?

No one knew, and most were too afraid to wonder.

The Seventh Royal Legion stood at the center of the Song Army. Seishan was in front of her soldiers, looking across the battlefield solemnly.

Cassie was by her side, silent and motionless, her movements restricted by the invisible strings of the Queen's power.

The Blood Sisters — those who were still alive —were interspersed among the soldiers, their red garments standing out among the sea of steel, leather, and scale. Felise was among them, a complicated mix of emotions hiding in the depths of her beautiful eyes.

Rain, Tamar, Ray, and Fleur were not too far from where the former Handmaiden stood, keeping quiet — just like the rest of the army was. An eerie silence settled on the bone plain, as if everyone was either unwilling or unable to make a sound.

Somewhere else in the formation of the Song Army was the Saint of Sorrow. There were also Dar of the Maharana Clan, Saint Ceres, and Saint Siord — among many others Transcendent champions. Their faces were just as tired and grim as those of the Awakened soldiers.

On the flanks of the vast battle formation, hordes of enthralled Nightmare Creatures were waiting for their mistress to give them a command. Beastmaster herself was among them, her hand resting on the scales of a hideous abomination. Her tantalizing face was even paler than usual, dark embers burning in her bewitching eyes.

She was looking at the sea of enemy warriors in the distance.

The formation of the Sword Army was more organized and resplendent than that of the soldiers of Song. Knights of Valor stood in its center, and the Ivory Island hovered above.

Master Sunless and Aiko stood on the emerald grass, looking down silently.

Far below, the Lord of Shadows was leaning indifferently on his fearsome odachi, his white hair moving slightly in the wind. His demonic mask did not reveal any emotion, and there was nothing but darkness in the fierce slits of its eyes.

Some distance away, Nephis was standing in front of a row of an orderly phalanx of heavily armored soldiers. Her slender figure was obscured only by the thin fabric of a light tunic, and her longsword rested easily on her shoulder. Her hair reflected the sunlight, flowing in the wind like a beautiful stream of incandescent silver.

The Fire Keepers were just behind her. Among them, Sid was suffering silently from the unbearable heat. Letting out a sigh, she opened her canteen, drank from it greedily, then shook the flask a couple of times and dropped it on the ground.

Not too far, the White Feather clan stood, ready for battle. Saint Tyris and Saint Roan were in front of the Awakened warriors of their clan, while their daughter, Telle, was among them. All three seemed calm, but the wind was turbulent in that part of the battlefield, betraying hidden emotions.

The other Saints of the Sword Army were similarly tense. Saint Rivalen seemed to have lost some of his gallant poise, staring across the battlefield with a frown. Somewhere else, Jest was leaning on his cane, looking at the ground with a dark expression.

For the first time in a long while, he felt too old to face the dire demands of the world ruled by the Nightmare Spell.

His grandson, Master Mercy of the Dagonet clan, was among the soldiers of the Sword Army. Rivalen's son, Tristan, was there as well.

And countless others.

Countless souls were waiting for the battle to start on both sides of the white bone plain, shivering with dread and trepidation.

They were waiting for the war horns to sing. For the battle to start.

And for the war to end.

However, the command to attack never came.

Instead, two figures appeared from the rows of soldiers, walking calmly across the surface of the ancient bone as the titanic skull loomed in the distance, watching them with a silent gaze.

One was a tall man with dark hair and cold, steely eyes. He was clad in heavy dark armor, emanating a suffocating aura of dominance and oppression. A vermilion cloak fluttered behind him like a wave, its vibrant color in sharp contrast with his bleak, ruthless gaze.

He was Anvil of Valor, the King of Swords.

The other was a breathtakingly beautiful woman in a regal red dress, walking across the vast expanse of bone with calm, mesmerizing grace. Her skin was pale like that of a corpse, and a light smile played on her crimson lips. Her raven-black hair was like a lustrous waterfall of darkness, and there was something eerie and vaguely appalling about her beautiful, enchanting eyes.

She was Ki Song, the Raven Queen... the Queen of Worms.

The two Sovereigns walked unhurriedly across the battlefield, their human figures looking small and insignificant in comparison to the vast armies behind them... and at the same time, larger than the world itself.

Eventually, they met in the middle.

To one side, the towering black wall of the Hollow Mountains reached toward the sky, the jagged peaks shrouded in white mist. The colossal skull rested on the misty slopes, staring down at them like an evil omen.

To the other side, Godgrave stretched into the distance. Its surface, which had once been overtaken by the scarlet jungle, was now immaculate and white, cleansed of the abominable infestations by the efforts of the two great armies.

Anvil and Ki Song studied each other silently for a few moments. The King maintained a cold and harsh expression, while the Queen was smiling faintly.

Eventually, she was the first one to break the silence. This time, Ki Song did not use the dead youths, using her own voice to speak.

"Vale."

Anvil responded evenly:

"Song."

She remained silent for a bit, then chuckled suddenly.

"Ah... I've imagined this moment so many times, you know? Wondering what I would feel, what words I would say. But now that the moment has actually come... I find that I have nothing to say to you at all."

Anvil just stared at her coldly.

"I can't say that I've spared you a lot of thought, myself."

Ki Song smiled.

Then, looking away, she let out a quiet sigh — or at least pretended to, controlling her puppet with flawless skill.

After a short pause, she suddenly asked:

"By any chance... do you remember the first time we met?"

He pondered for a second or two, then shook his head slightly.

"I don't particularly recall, no. Was it at the Academy?"

Ki Song glanced at him briefly.

"No. It was at the party in honor of the Immortal Flame, I think? We were children then. So many years have passed, and so many things have happened. The world has changed so much since then... who would have predicted how those kids would end up? How the Immortal Flame clan would end up, as well."

She paused for a moment.

"Did you know that the walls of the Academy were breached, by the way? For the first time since its establishment... and it wasn't by a Nightmare Creature. They had withstood the perils of the Nightmare Spell for thirty-six years. But they didn't withstand us."

Anvil smiled coldly.

"Why? Are you feeling sentimental?"

Ki Song studied him for a bit, then grinned.

"Can't I? You are the last friend I have in this world, after all. And after today, I will have none."

He just looked at her evenly.

"Were we ever friends? I don't think so. Then again, you'll be truly dead after today, and the dead don't need friends. So don't feel too sad."

Ki Song laughed.

"That's it? After all these years, after everything we've done, you really have nothing to say?"

Anvil shrugged.

"Words are meaningless. They are meaningless by now, at least... both of us have already said everything. What else is there left to say?"

Ki Song sighed.

"Well, you aren't wrong. Prepare to die, then. You are already no different from a corpse, so killing you will simply be mercy."

Hearing these words, he smiled darkly.

"Funny to hear something like that from you, of all people."

She lingered for a while, then smiled, as well.

"...Yes. You are right, it is a bit funny."

As she finished saying those words, the world shuddered.




***
Chapter 2211: Wielders of Power


***






A cold wind blew across the sweltering expanse of Godgrave, making the soldiers shiver. As Ki Song looked at Anvil with a faint smile, the legion of the dead stirred. A vast breach opened in their silent wall as numerous puppets moved, clearing a path directly to the battle formation of the Song Army.

However, that path did not stay open for long.

A moment later, the air trembled, and was split apart as a vertical fracture cut the world. Then, it expanded, and for the first time in thousands of years, snow fell on the scorching surface of the ancient bone.

As the Dream Gate opened, a raging snowstorm became visible in its towering fissure. A magnificent black palace could be vaguely seen in the billowing snow, as well as the mountain it stood upon.

The clouds of snow that escaped the Dream Gate instantly melted, the water boiling and evaporating as a searing haze obscured the front rows of the Song soldiers.

Anvil observed the scene calmly.

"Curious. How are you able to anchor the Dream Gate in the same realm it is rooted to?"

Ki Song shrugged gracefully.

"It is a Component of the Night Garden... why, you did not know?"

There was a subtle mocking note in her, but he did not react.

"The Night Garden... huh, makes sense. Storm God is the god of guidance and travel, after all, and that ship was made to sail the darkness of her Sea."

His gaze shifted from the towering rift in reality to Ki Song.

"Was that the reason why you fed the House of Night to that abomination?"

She lingered with the answer, then chuckled.

"I hoped you would show at least a little trepidation, old friend. But you are too far gone, aren't you? What will it take to make you flinch?"

Ki Song shook her head.

"I took the Night Garden. I took the other Citadels of the Stormsea, too. Rivergate is gone, and Bastion has fallen. My kingdom is stronger than ever before, while you don't even have enough Saints to rule yours... can you feel it, Vale? Can you feel your Domain crumbling?"

Anvil remained silent for a few moments, looking at her impassively.

"Why should I care?"

Then, however, his expression changed subtly.

Ki Song's smile disappeared, replaced by a cold and vicious expression.

"Can you feel it now?"

He looked down, at the bone surface beneath their feet, as if trying to pierce it with his gaze. His eyes darkened slightly, expressing a hint of contempt.

"I see... you've taken the Spine Ocean, after all. The men I sent to kill your daughters are dying... they are dead. And the Citadels they ruled are now without a master."

Ki Song looked at him silently with no particular expression, and for a moment, she looked like what she was — a flawlessly preserved, masterfully controlled corpse.

Anvil met her gaze calmly.

"How useless. Do you feel confident now that you have amassed all that power, Song?"

The beautiful corpse smiled.

"It does feel nice."

He shook his head.

"That has always been your blind spot. From our days at the Academy until now, you have always been controlled by your sense of inferiority... and you have always pursued power to spare yourself from feeling inferior. It would have been amusing if it wasn't so pitiful, banal, and distasteful. But then again, what else would one expect from someone of your breed?"

Anvil looked at her coldly.

"Someone like you, who was born with nothing, can't really understand the meaning of power. Power has its uses, sure... but at the end of the day, power itself is meaningless. It is the person who wields it that matters. So why should I flinch? You can take the Citadels of the Stormsea, Song. You can destroy Rivergate. You can even slaughter my Saints — but it won't matter. Because at the end of the day, you will still have to face me."

He regarded her with a hint of disdain.

"And I... am superior. I was forged from purer steel, and no matter how much power you gain, we will never be equals."

Ki Song laughed quietly.

She fell silent for a few moments, then faced him with melancholy in her eyes.

"And only someone like you can really think that I was born with nothing."

As the cold winds of Ravenheart blew across the sweltering expanse of Godgrave, she took a deep breath and then looked up, at the merciless grey sky.

"Were you forged from purer steel than Broken Sword, too?"

A shadow ran across Anvil's face.

He answered evenly:

"Naturally."

Ki Song smiled.

"Is that why you had to make a deal with the Dreamspawn? I guess your steel was not pure enough to defeat someone... of his breed... yourself."

Anvil answered her smile with a cold one of his own.

"You make it sound as if you weren't there, killing him with me. Why, do you regret it now? Do you wish you made a different choice?"

She shook her head slowly.

"No... you and I both know that it was necessary. Just like erasing all traces of Immortal Flame was necessary. If someone seems to be having regrets, it's you, Vale. Otherwise, you would not have allowed his daughter to grow into someone neither of us can easily eliminate."

Ki Song looked at him calmly.

"I'll correct your mistake after you die, though. Don't worry."

As she said those words, a subtle smell of iron suddenly permeated the air, and Anvil's oppressive presence grew much deeper and terrifyingly sharp, as if it had finally awoken after slumbering all this time.

He shook his head.

"For someone who supposedly had nothing to say, you sure talked a lot. Enough. Let us solve this once and for all. Let us see who is worthy of wearing the crown."

Lowering her head for a moment, Ki Song smiled.

"Farewell, Vale."

Anvil summoned his helmet, and his voice rustled in the wind like the clamor of a myriad of blades:

"...Farewell to you, too, Song."

A hurricane of scarlet sparks drowned the world.




***
Chapter 2212: Battle Royale


***






Far away from the sweltering heat of Godgrave, high in the frigid cold of Ravenheart, a magnificent black palace was shrouded by the veil of a raging snowstorm. As the winds howled, a low and reverberating sound echoed in the snow, making the people in the city across the great bridge freeze and turn their heads.

There was the groan of stone, and then, the towering main gates of the black palace opened wide for the first time in countless years.

Beyond the gates nestled deep, dreadful darkness.

A moment later, grotesque shapes emerged from the darkness and entered into the light, moving indifferently through the lethal cold of the snowstorm.

A vast, seemingly endless river of marching dead was flowing out of the black palace, across the stone bridge, and into the towering fissure of the Dream Gate. There were Nightmare Creatures of all shapes and forms in that river, as well as countless humans.

The puppets differed from each other in shape, in size... but a few of them were far more terrifying than all the rest.

Those were the puppets made from the corpses of slain Titans.

As the hurricane of scarlet sparks was giving birth to a vast storm of swords, the first of the Titans passed through the Dream Gate, stepping onto the surface of the dead god's breastbone.

The world quaked under its footsteps.

The dead that stood in front of the Sword Army had seemed like a legion, but now that the icy halls of Ravenheart opened, their numbers suddenly looked paltry and insignificant.

The soldiers of both armies watched in stunned silence as the endless procession of the Queen's puppets marched from the billowing snow, the flow of them never ceasing until an entire army of the dead flooded the bone plain, all of them staring at the boundless clouds of swords with eerie, empty gazes.

The Titans towered above them like grotesque mountains of flesh, some of them so gargantuan that they had barely squeezed through the immense fissure of the Dream Gate.

The sea of puppets faced the storm of swords, with two Sovereigns facing each other in the middle.

It was then that the soldiers of the two great armies finally realized what it meant, and what was about to happen.

The two gods of humanity were going to clash, and fight each other until one of them was dead.

Some soldiers shuddered from relief, realizing that they would not enter battle today. Others simply looked at the astonishing scene in silent awe.

More still were terrified, knowing that mortals like them were not fit to see gods fight. The battles of Transcendent had already threatened to reap their lives as collateral damage... what kind of calamity would be unleashed when Supremes clashed?

Somewhere in the battle formation of the Song Army, Revel and Moonveil suddenly appeared out of thin air, carried to Godgrave by one of the Song Saints after returning to the waking world from the darkness of the Spine Ocean. Both were bloodied and battered — Revel especially, her mangled body covered in countless wounds.

As someone ran to bring the healers, she fell to one knee and looked up with a pale face. Her eyes widened.

...The corpses of the four Sword Saints they had brought with them moved, rising from the ground to join the army of the dead.

Across the sea of the puppets and the storm of swords, in the formation of the Sword Army, Summer Knight appeared in a similar fashion. His body was in a better state than those of the Queen's daughters, but his gaze was bleak and dark, devoid of its usual shine.

He looked at the battlefield silently, then lowered his gaze, lingered for a few long moments, and then summoned his armor and his weapons.

Almost at the same time, seven dreadful swords fell from the sky, stopping to hover behind Anvil. He raised an arm, and one of them landed into his hand.

The world itself seemed to shift, as if being bent and torn by the eerie grey blade.

Ki Song looked at the terrifying sword calmly.

"I see you are still a consummate collector. A Sacred blade, is it?"

Anvil lowered his head, the vermilion plume of his helmet moving slightly. His indifferent voice sounded even as he answered, aiming the sword at the unarmed Queen.

"It's still a disappointment... but it will do. At least I'm not in the habit of playing with dead dolls."

Ki Song laughed, her voice drowning in the rustle of countless swords.

"I have some living dolls, as well."

With that, her smile dimmed, replaced by a cold and dark expression. Fearsome, predatory crimson flames ignited in her eyes.

"These toys won't save you."

...A moment later, she was suddenly in front of Anvil. Her bare hand crashed into his breastplate, denting it. Her fingers left deep grooves on the enchanted metal, almost tearing through it.

The force of her blow was fearsome enough to produce a devastating shockwave, pushing the King of Swords a couple steps back.

At the same time, the sea of puppets surged forward like a tide.

The storm of swords had blotted out the radiant grey sky, casting a deep shadow on the battlefield. Now, the swords plummeted from the height, as if the sky itself was falling on the dead army. The flying swords shone as they fell, reflecting the blinding light, and for a moment, it seemed as if the entire world was aflame.

When the cloud of steel collided with the tide of the dead, the burning world seemed to shatter.

The power of the impacts was so immense that they produced blinding flashes of light and waves of unbearable heat. Some of the puppets were torn apart, while some were severely damaged.

However, more still dodged or deflected the flying swords, moving with the cold and calculated skill of sublime warriors. A skill like that was a harrowing weapon in the hands of a being who controlled the mighty body of a Nightmare Creature — after all, it was the skill and intellect that gave the weak humans a chance in battles against the abominable vessels of Corruption.

And more harrowing still...

Was the fact that the flesh of many puppets cut by the swords simply mended itself, erasing most of the damage.

They were not living beings, after all. And since the Queen could control her puppets intricately enough to make them rot or restore themselves from being rotten, she could erase these cuts, as well.

As the heat, the light, and the weakened shockwaves reached the two armies, the soldiers backed away, horrified by the cataclysmic collision.

...The colossal skull watched silently, though, having witnessed far more dreadful battles.




***
Chapter 2213: A Hundred Thousand Deaths


***






The soldiers watched the battle between the Sovereigns in stunned, breathless silence. To them, it looked apocalyptic.

The sea of the dead and the celestial river of rustling swords had intertwined into a vast storm of devastation, with mangled pieces of severed flesh and shards of shattered metal obscuring the battlefield like a chilling haze. The bone plain continued to tremble as if from a powerful earthquake, the violent tremors throwing countless soldiers to the ground. The cacophony of the unfathomable battle was overwhelming and deafening, and the winds it had given birth to were strong enough to make the Awakened warriors stagger and sway.

It seemed as if the sky itself would break apart and fall... or rather, overflow with incandescent radiance, countless rays of incinerating sunlight pouring through the breaches in the cloud to annihilate the cowering armies.

However, the Cloudveil still held — perhaps because the Sovereigns had chosen to preserve it, perhaps because Saint Tyris of White Feather still struggled to maintain it.

The Sovereigns themselves were like two tiny specks in the vast, calamitous carnage of the world-ending confrontation. And yet, it was impossible to miss them even in the mayhem —wherever the two collided, the storm of swords was torn apart, and the sea of puppets receded, leaving countless pulverized corpses in its wake.

Ki Song and Anvil fought on the ground, and they fought in the air. The power of their blows was so devastating that air itself was displaced and burned away, creating vast pockets of vacuum above the quaking battlefield. The wind rushed to fill the void, causing hurricane gales and furious twisters to move across the surface of the ancient bone, and deafening thunderclaps rolling above it.

Few were able to discern the details of the royal battle, but those who could saw Anvil defending himself with his seven dreadful swords as Ki Song attacked with her bare hands like a fierce beast. Her movements were so fast that it seemed as if she simply disappeared from one spot to appear in another — sometimes nearby, sometimes hundreds of meters away.

The King was like a statue of black steel, his fluttering cloak and the plume of his helmet framing it with brushes of vibrant vermilion. The Queen was like a beautiful goddess of blood, her regal dress flowing like a vivid red stream in the shadow cast by the myriad of flying swords. Two great wings tore through the porcelain skin of her back, spreading open as drops of crimson blood fell from the black feathers.

Anvil's armor bent and rippled as Ki Song's nails pushed and cut into the mystical metal. However, it repaired itself as swiftly as it was damaged, remaining immaculate and pristine — for now, at least, the Queen had not been able to make the King bleed.

Which was why he was still alive, perhaps, considering that her Dormant Ability allowed Ki Song to aggravate any wound. That Ability had been slow, but deadly when she was a Sleeper... now that she was Supreme, the smallest scratch received in her presence could very well mean instant death.

That was why Anvil chose a steady and methodical sword technique, concentrating on defense while manipulating the indestructible metal of his enchanted heavy armor to maintain its flawless integrity.

However, even though he was mostly defending himself against the Queen's — each of them seemingly devastating enough to erase entire settlements off the map — that was not all Anvil did.

His six dreadful swords were moving around him, creating a rustling sphere of metal. The seventh, the most terrifying of them all, rested solidly in his hand. The cursed blade parried and deflected Ki Song's blows, shooting forward from time to time to pierce her flesh.

The Queen seemed wary of the cursed sword... however, she did not put too much effort into avoiding its touch.

Time and time again, Anvil's sword cut her. The ruthless blade tore through Ki Song savagely, dealing her harrowing wounds...

Or rather, it should have.

Strangely enough, though, no wounds was left on the Queen's body when the sword retreated after delivering her a fatal blow. It was as if she was a ghost made of water — or maybe blood — and the grey steel simply passed through her without leaving a trace.

If one was very attentive, however, and possessed the inhuman ability to parse through the calamitous chaos of the great battle with their mind, taking all of it in at the same time, they would have noticed a curious detail.

Every time Ki Song received a lethal wound and ignored it without as much as a wince, one of her puppets far below fell to the ground, its body gruesomely severed.

Anvil did not seem surprised by what was happening at all.

Deflecting another attack and pushing Ki Song's hand away, he sent one of the six flying swords barreling forward. The Queen was a split second too late to react, and the cold steel passed through her slender neck. She should have been beheaded, but instead, there was not even a mark left on her skin. Her other arm shot forward, striking Anvil in the chest.

The world shuddered from the dire power of her blow, and the obliterating shockwave rolled upward, threatening to disrupt the veil of radiant clouds.

The King sneered behind the dark steel of his helmet.

"This... is going to be tedious."

He mended his armor a moment after it was almost torn by Ki Song's hand, then raised his own, grabbing the second of the seven terrifying swords from the air.

Wielding two blades now, Anvil effortlessly switched from his defensive battle art to a reckless, aggressive style that abandoned caution in favor of an overwhelming offensive might.

His black figure exploded forward, flying across the sky with dreadful speed.

The two of them collided high above the battlefield, raising a hurricane with the sheer dreadful force of the thunderous impact.

"How many of these puppets do you have, now? Tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands? Well, it doesn't matter. I'll kill you a hundred thousand times if that is what it takes."

Ki Song laughed.

"I wish I could enjoy killing you a hundred thousand times, as well!"

With that, she pushed one of the swords away, battered another one to the side with her fist, and grappled Anvil in the air. Her raven wings pushed against the blinding sky, and then, both of them plummeted from the height, falling toward the bone plane.

Ki Song rammed Anvil into the ground with harrowing force, making the entire plain shudder.

A powerful quake threw thousands of soldiers off their feet, and the ancient bone fractured, thousands of sharp shards flying in all directions like a vast cloud of spreading shrapnel.

Standing among the soldiers of the Sword Domain, the Lord of Shadows looked down and stared at one of the bone shards rolling to his feet.

His fearsome mask remained expressionless.

'Crazy bastards. They are actually breaking the bone...'




***
Chapter 2214: Dark and Cold


***






The soldiers of the two great armies were cowering in front of the startling fury of the clash between the two demigods, their faces pale, their eyes opened wide in awe and terror.

...Sunny was not feeling too brave at the moment, himself.

Leaning on the hilt of his odachi while the tip of its blade rested on the ground, he was observing the battle intently. His black mask remained expressionless, but the man behind it had a grim expression on his face.

The soldiers were merely witnessing the clash, after all. They were frightened by the obliterating forces that the two Sovereigns were unleashing, but what they feared was becoming collateral damage in the dreadful fight, at most.

Sunny, however, would soon be facing these monsters in battle himself. He would experience the indescribable terror of their inhuman power himself. So, his wariness was far less theoretical.

'Too strong, too fast...'

The Sovereigns were indeed far beyond any Saint. Even Sunny, who was a Transcendent Titan, was not anywhere near their level of strength. He was struggling to follow their movements with his eyes, and any one of the countless harrowing blows they rained upon each other would have left his body broken and mangled.

Their power was simply tyrannical.

However, in and of itself, it was not too terrible.

He had faced and killed plenty of Great Nightmare Creatures, after all... to the point that fighting them ceased to feel like the stuff of dark and dreadful legends. Many of them had been faster and stronger than Ki Song and Anvil were, capable of toppling mountains and reshaping landscapes with their blows.

They had died under his blade nonetheless.

There was a different plane to the battle between the Sovereigns, though, one that few could perceive.

Sunny could not perceive it, either... but he knew that it was happening out there, in the vast storm of rustling swords, reshaping reality itself.

Just as the King and the Queen were engaged in a physical battle, their Wills were battling each other, as well.

Perhaps Anvil's impossibly durable armor was only remaining whole because he willed it to be. Because Ki Song's bare hands could bend and break the armor because she wanted them to.

The sea of puppets and the hurricane of swords were merely extensions of their mortal bodies, as well. They were expressions of their dire power. Every time a flying sword pierced a dead puppet, and each time dead hands closed around the cold steel of a flying sword, the two wills clashed with each other, too.

He was not knowledgeable enough about the Will, but he was sure that the Sovereigns were wielding it with just as much skill as they would any weapon. And just like a weapon, the Will was a deadly tool in their hands.

Perhaps the real battle was happening on that conceptual plane, unseen by all except the two Supremes themselves.

There was another level to their clash, as well — one that made Sunny's head ache. It was the clash between the Domains of the two Sovereigns, which... had some effect both on how much strength they could express, and how sharp their Will could become.

Perhaps.

He was not sure.

Ki Song had decided to have the battle on the Breastbone Reach, which was a strange choice. Here was the territory of the King of Swords, after all — she was surrounded by his Domain from all sides, which had to be a great disadvantage, stifling her power.

However, just before they clashed, everything changed.

Sunny could not quite perceive it, but he did sense it... a subtle shift in the very nature of the world around them. It must have happened because somewhere far below, Revel finally conquered the Spine Ocean Citadel — Ki Song gained more authority over Godgrave, and the boundary of her own land pushed against Anvil's sphere of influence from the depths of the dark ocean.

And then there was the Dream Gate, which seemed to have opened to the snowy vista of Ravenheart... somehow.

Sunny knew that the Dream Gates served as conduits of Supreme power — whenever they appeared, the surrounding land became a part of the Sovereign's Domain. That was how Anvil and Ki Song were able to bring their Domains to the waking world during the Chain of Nightmares and eliminate the Gate Guardians that had emerged during the Battle of the Black Skull.

Ravenheart was now directly connected to Godgrave, spreading the Queen's influence to this godforsaken land... most likely.

So, a fragile equilibrium was formed, with the two Sovereigns fighting on the boundary where their Domains pushed against each other, creating neutral ground.

Sunny had to keep all that in mind.

He had to watch, and wait... and when both of the Sovereigns exhausted their powers, he would have to enter the fray and face their chilling, tyrannical power himself.

Side by side with Nephis, of course.

Would they really be able to win?

Well... now, they had no choice.

Because they had already made it.

He closed his eyes for a moment, feeling the weight of that choice pressing down on him like a crushing burden.

For a moment, Sunny allowed himself to be weak and unsure.

He felt sick. He felt disgusted with himself.

'I am... the most hypocritical person in the world, aren't I?'

Two worlds, even.

That was because the moment Nephis had chosen the path of no return, leaving herself no other option but to defeat the Sovereigns and become one herself, she had made a choice for the countless mundane humans living in the Sword and Song Domains, as well.

And Sunny... Sunny was her willing accomplice. Should they fail, millions of people would die.

Opening his eyes, Sunny looked at the unfathomable carnage of the great battle in front of him.

The scale of it let him reel.

'...I can't fail, then. I simply can't.'

He gritted his teeth.

Just as always, Weaver's Mask betrayed no emotion.

But the shadows throughout the Sword Army suddenly grew deeper and colder.

Endlessly deep, and infinitely cold...




***
Chapter 2215: Il Principe


***






A tide of enchantments washed over Ki Song, pressing her into the shattered surface of the broken bone. Her wings broke with a revolting crunch, the black feathers becoming soaked with blood. Her red dress rustled, the rich fabric tearing under the immense weight.

The frayed threads moved as if possessing a life of their own, however, repairing the tears a moment later.

The wings were mended, as well — only to be broken once again, and mend themselves once more.

Using that brief lull in the onslaught of attacks, Anvil rushed forward with impossible speed. His twin swords fell like the blades of a guillotine, one aimed at her neck, the other at her abdomen. This time, there was something different about the way the sharp steel hissed as it cut the air… as if the swords were not simply cutting space, but slicing the fabric of reality itself apart.

Ki Song looked up fiercely just before the two blades fell on her kneeling figure. Instead of seeking to avoid them, she shot forward. A cloud of bone shards exploded backward from under her foot, and as a blinding flash drowned the battlefield for a moment, she collided with Anvil at a dreadful speed.

The force of the impact made the world tremble. Anvil retracted his swords at the last possible moment, leaving two deep cuts on Ki Song's arms before blocking her palm with the crossed blades. A hurricane rose, cleaving the storm of rustling swords apart, and the devastating shockwave sent thousands of puppets flying.

This time, however, no puppet received the wound for the puppet master. The cuts remained on the Queen's porcelain skin, swelling with crimson blood.

As Anvil slid dozens of meters back, and she rushed forward to pursue, a vicious smile twisted her lips.

"A will sharp enough to cut the world!" 

A moment later, her delicate hands descended upon the King like a crushing tide. A litany of deafening thunderclaps consumed the battlefield,fusing into a continuous roar — Ki Song's graceful figure seemed to blink in and out of existence as she moved around Anvil, delivering a hundred devastating blows from all directions in less than a second.

The bone plain quaked.

"A soul vast enough to encompass the heavens!"

With a snarl, she delivered one last blow — the most dreadful of them yet. Five of Anvil's swords were batted away, and he blocked her soft palm with the last two blades. The impact was so terrible that a furious explosion blossomed from the point where her skin touched the cold steel, washing the world in light and flame.

Anvil withstood the attack calmly, but a deep crack spread through the ancient bone from beneath his feet, cutting it like an ugly scar.

Ki Song laughed as she danced away from his retaliation, her red dress flowing behind her like a stream of blood.

"A heart cold enough to extinguish the flames of hell!"

As he lost his balance and fell, she lunged forward with a wicked smile.

"Aren't you a marvel to behold, Vale?"

Scattering the five swords with a powerful wave of her mighty black wings, she mounted Anvil like a beast, raised her hands, and clenched them into fists.

"A monarch among monarchs…"

The first of the obliterating blows fell down upon him, causing more thunder, more light, more heat…

The blades of the swords Anvil used to protect himself were already glowing red.

Somewhere else on the battlefield, the dead Titans were standing like tall mountains in the storm of flying swords. The lesser puppets were shredded and cut down, but these colossal abominations were too vast, too dreadful, and too powerful to be destroyed easily.

They walked across the bone plain, converging slowly on the spot where the two Sovereigns were locked in a deadly brawl, and the world itself shook under their footsteps.

The storm of swords raged, aiming to bar their path and destroy them. Each of the gargantuan abominations was surrounded by a great maelstrom of rustling steel,countless sharp blades shredding their flesh in a vain attempt to bring the giants down.

However, the body of a Titan, even a dead one, was as resilient as it was colossal — some were covered by unbreakable armor, some by thick layers of impossibly tough hide. Some were like crawling mountains of misshapen flesh, all damage dealt to it healing in a matter of moments.

Despite the harrowing force the flying swords unleashed, the Titans did not fell… and neither did they stop.

Up to a point.

The hurricane of swords suddenly twisted, the myriad of blades forming countless runes around the marching giants. Then, the runes ignited with an ominous scarlet glow, and streams of ethereal red light connected them like rivers.

The scarlet rivers formed nets that surrounded the Titans… or cages, perhaps. The bars of the sorcerous cages were intangible, and yet, the gargantuan abomination crashed into them as if they were made from solid metal.

The bone plain shuddered as the dead giants collided against the rays of scarlet light, staggered, and came to a halt.

Some distance away, Anvil was still unharmed under the barrage of Ki Song's fierce attacks. Even though the surface of the ancient bone around them was riddled with cracks, his dark armor remained intact, and his body remained unbroken.

Laying on the ground, he sneered coldly.

"...I am."

A moment later, five of the seven dreadful swords pierced Ki Song's body from behind, while the sixth pierced her heart. Anvil released its hilt, wrapped his fingers around her neck, and shot into the sky, dragging her with him.

"A marvel to behold, a monarch among monarchs — and so much more."

As they soared high enough to almost touch the Cloudveil, he turned the visor of his helmet to Ki Song and said with a hint of indifference in his cold, ruthless voice:

"What are you?" 

With that, he strained his muscles and tossed Ki Song down.

She plummeted through the hurricane of swords like a crimson comet, being pierced and cut.A moment later, the strike of the seventh sword — the cursed sword — caught up with her, tearing the hurricane apart.

Ki Song impacted the ground with a force so terrible that the shockwave produced by her fall not only tossed the surrounding puppets down, but actually ripped them to pieces. Those closest to her were pulverized into clouds of crimson haze, while those further away were merely torn into tiny pieces of flesh.

A vast net of cracks snaked through the surface of the ancient bone, surrounding her like a dark spiderweb.

At the heart of that web, Ki Song struggled to stand up.

The six swords, however, were still lodged in her body, impaling her and keeping her bent to the ground.

Anvil landed a few steps away and walked toward her, raising the seventh sword.

His voice echoed from behind the black steel of his helmet:

"...You are nothing."

Ki Song let out a raspy chuckle.

"Aren't you the kind of man to fear nothing, though?"

Before the cursed sword could fall, the enchanting figure of theQueen seemed to blur as she assumed her Transcendent form.

A moment later, a great flood of crimson blood rushed forward, escaping the cage of six terrifying swords and threatening to consume Anvil.




***
Chapter 2216: Crimson River


***






The tide of blood Ki Song had turned into was vast enough to fill a sea, rushing forward like a crimson flood. The glistening red river moved above the ground, twisting in the air like a living creature — the flowing wave of it rose high above the battlefield, instantly dwarfing the stalwart figure of the King of Swords.

It seemed impossible that so much blood had been contained within the small and fragile vessel of a human body… and yet, reality was undeniable.

Anvil had met Ki Song's devastating blows without flinching, but he seemed reluctant to allow the crimson tide to touch him. As soon as Ki Song assumed her Transcendent form, scarlet runes ignited on his black armor, and he used his powers to levitate back, instantly creating distance between them.

The blood river breached that distance in the blink of an eye, though, covering hundreds of meters in a split second. Anvil continued to retreat, using his sevenblades to create a shimmering sphere of steel around him.

As he soared into the sky and the crimson wave pursued, it swallowed countless flying swords. Moments later, the swords dissolved within it, breaking down into streams of scarlet sparks. The sparks were then absorbed by the glistening blood, leaving no trace behind.

From a distance, it looked as if a glistening crimson ribbon was dancing fluidly in the air, gliding through the storm of swords. It was just that the immense scale of that ribbon was hard to fathom... its surface shone with a beautiful red glow when the sunlight fell on it, and anyone who saw that glow felt their own blood start to boil.

Sunny felt it, as well… Blood Weave seemed to respond to the presence of the Queen, rushing through his veins at greater speed than before. His heartbeat accelerated.

'They're going to obliterate the entire plain…' 

The Titans were still struggling to free themselves of the sorcerous cages. The fury of their devastating struggle made the battlefield quake,and the surface of the ancient bone was slowly chipping under their feet… for those of the dead giants who had feet, of course.

The clash between the Sovereigns themselves was even more tyrannical. As Anvil escaped the glistening river of blood, unleashing a thousand enchantments to harm it, he plummeted to the ground several times, only turning to fly along the surface at the last possible moment.

Ki Song seemed less agile in the immensity of her destructive Transcendent form, though, so she couldn't turn quite as sharply.

Instead, the flood of blood simply crashed into ancient bone with the force of a devastating tsunami… if that tsunami was brimming with Supreme soul essence, wielded the Will, and consisted entirely of blood that belonged to a descendant of Beast God — who was the god of blood, as well.

Each time, the crimson tide drowned a portion of the battlefield and then reformed itself, leaving the battlefield broken.

A deep, reverberating groan resounded from somewhere deep underground, and Sunny saw a crack snake across the surface of the ancient bone.

It almost reached the point where the Seventh Royal Legion was positioned, the soldiers paralyzed by shock and awe of the deific battle. Many of them were already sprawled on the ground, unable to keep their balance in the middle of the violent earthquake, but Rain was still standing.

Sunny, who hid in her shadow, was far more powerful than any of the Song soldiers. However, even he was stunned by the harrowing violence the Sovereigns had unleashed to kill each other.

And they were only starting…

'Too powerful...'

[...ny… Su… Sunny?]

The voice was almost too weak to hear, but he did. It resounded inside his head, muffled and distant, but still undeniably familiar. He stirred.

Sunny stirred.

[Cassie? Can you speak again?]

There was a long pause, and then, her voice came to him again:

[The Queen seems… to be… distracted, a little. So, her grasp has grown a little loose.I still can't reach anyone else, but you… close…]

Sunny was indeed close to Cassie — this incarnation of his was, at least, no more than a hundred meters away from the spot where she stood side by side with Seishan. So, it was easy to understand why she could reach him with her powers, but not anyone else.

He had so many questions, and not enough time to ask them all.

So, he asked the most important question first:

[Are you alright?]

Cassie remained silent for a few moments. Eventually, though, the deafening burden of her silence was broken:

[...fine.]

Sunny let out a relieved sigh.

Her voice grew a little louder, as if she was straining to make herself heard:

[Listen… important. The Queen's Ascended Ability… transference. She can transfer any harm dealt to her body to one of the other puppets… untethered from it… every puppet she controls can become her primary vessel…]

He froze. Not too far away, the Lord of Shadows sighed and looked around subtly. The warriors of the Sword Army were all clutching the ground, and his was the only figure that remained standing in that section of the battle formation, still leaning lazily on his black odachi as his white hair fluttered in the fierce wind.

[That's pretty terrible news. How are we supposed to kill her, then? I am sure she has countless puppets squirreled away in every corner of the world.]

His thoughts turned somber. The fact that Ki Song could transfer damage to her puppets was already bad enough… however, the fact that she could not be killed until all her puppets were destroyed was much worse. Even if they somehow managed to obliterate every puppet present on the battlefield and cut down the Queen herself, she would still continue to exist somewhere else.

He started to consider the consequences of Ki Song remaining alive after the battle. If they managed to attain Supremacy, killed Anvil, and devastated her army of puppets… well, getting rid of her for good would still be possible.It would just take a lot of time and effort.

The Sword Domain would fall into Neph's hands. They would be poised to take control of most Citadels in the Song Domain, as well. Not all was lost…

His thoughts were interrupted by Cassie's voice:

[There' still… a way… to kill her.]

Sunny remained silent for a few moments.

'Her Flaw…'

As if reading his thoughts, Cassie spoke again:

[She cares… about her daughter. Ki Song can escape, but they won't be able to. We can… exploit… the weakness…]

Sunny sighed.

It made a vile, morbid kind of sense.

So… Cassie wanted to force the Queen to fight until the end to save her daughters. It was a dirty strategy, no doubt.

But it could work.

At least if Cassie was correct and Ki Song's affection for her daughters was stronger than her desire to survive.

He cautiously extended his shadow sense toward Seishan, considering her graceful figure for a moment.

[Alright. I will inform Nephis.]

The moment they would have to act was swiftly approaching. He hoped that they would win… he hoped that the others had done their part, as well.

[Something else…] 

Cassie's distant voice sounded strangely reserved.

[It is about… Broken Sword. The real reason… he had to die…]

Sunny listened intently, waiting for her to continue.

When she did, time seemed to stop for a moment.

That… was definitely not what Sunny had ever expected to hear.

Reaching to him with her power, Cassie said:

[It was because… of Weaver.]




***
Chapter 2217: Forbidden Fruit


***






Sunny froze for a moment, startled by an entirely unexpected statement.

Weaver? That sinister Demon?

What could a dead daemon have to do with Broken Sword's murder?

As the bone plain groaned and quaked under the calamitous onslaught of Supreme power, he lingered for a moment, then asked incredulously:

[What the hell do you mean, because of Weaver?]

Cassie responded a few heartbeats later, her voice sounding louder — the Queen, it seemed, was growing more distracted, allowing the blind seer to express her powers better.

[Broken Sword was… inconsolable… after Smile of Heaven perished. He convinced himself that she was still alive, lost somewhere in a Nightmare. He grew obsessed with challenging the Seed that had spawned the Category Five Gate in America, and to do that, he had to accumulate power… great power… as much power as he could.]

Sunny frowned, digesting what he heard. The truth of Broken Sword's later years was startling enough…

But what did Weaver have to do with any of it?

Cassie paused for a moment, then added:

[The members of his cohort… were all special. Smile of Heaven, Anvil, Ki Song, Asterion — they all possessed a divine lineage. But he did not. So, he ventured to do what Ki Song had done and find a Lineage Memory of his own. The only lineage that was still unclaimed — the lineage of Shadow God.]

Sunny stirred in Rain's shadow. Far away, the Lord of Shadows tilted his head a little. Even Master Sunless blinked a few times, allowing surprise to show itself on his face.

[...Shadow God's lineage?]

Cassie's voice resounded in his head a moment later:

[Yes. He searched far and wide… but… he failed to discover the traces of Shadow. Instead, he found something else. A piece of a forbidden lineage left behind in secret by one of the daemons. Something that should not even exist, but apparently does… or did back then, at least. Broken Sword claimed that lineage, inheriting some part of Weaver, the Demon of Fate.]

Sunny forgot to breathe.

'W—what?'

If he had been stunned before, he felt shocked now. It was as if someone had struck him in the head.

'Broken Sword… found… one of the Weaves?'

And Cassie had waited so long to tell him?!

'Wait…'

Cassie's Dormant Ability only saw Sunny as a void. She could not remember anything she had known about him in the past, either… so, she probably did not even know that Sunny himself had Weaver's blood running in his veins.

No one did.

Cassie wouldn't have known the importance of that knowledge.

'Wait, Broken Sword had a part of Weaver's lineage?!'

Feeling rattled and confused, Sunny took a deep breath.

[...Weaver's lineage, I see. Why is that important?]

Cassie remained silent for a few moments, then answered quietly:

[I am not entirely sure, but it was the fact that he had come to possess the forbidden lineage that convinced Anvil, Asterion, and Ki Song to betray him. There were plenty of other reasons, too… but this one was the decisive one, as well as the one that seemed to have forced their hand. For some reason, those of divine lineages could not tolerate Broken Sword's existence after he became Weaver's heir. And so, they killed him.]

Sunny shivered.

This was… a disconcerting piece of news to learn.

Wasn't he much more of an heir to Weaver than Broken Sword had been? He had not one, but three parts of Weaver's lineage by now.

Would those who had inherited the lineage of the gods target him for some unknown reason one day, as well?

Sunny inhaled deeply.

Suddenly, he was overcome by an ominous feeling…

It was not a premonition, exactly, since his intuition had lost its mystical edge when his connection to fate was severed. However, Sunny had enough experience and knowledge by now to develop a sixth sense of his own.

Learning that the Sovereigns had turned on Broken Sword because of Weaver's lineage was definitely sounding alarms in his head.

'Damn great.'

Sunny wanted to ask another question, but at that moment,a deafening crack washed over the Song Army… and the Sword Army, as well.

The ground shuddered once more, this time more violently than it had ever done before. Rain finally lost her balance and fell, hitting the ground with a startled yelp. On the opposite side of the battlefield, the Lord of Shadows grunted and swayed, finally straightening and raising his odachi to put it on his shoulder.

The soldiers around him were all on the ground, looking around in dazed confusion. Slowly, their features were twisted by fear.

His cold voice escaped from behind Weaver's Mask, full of aloof indifference:

"...Don't fret. There's nothing to worry about."

In front of the two cowering armies…

The harrowing battle between the two Sovereigns had entered a new, utterly inconceivable stage. The forces unleashed by their confrontation were so dire that the breastbone of the dead god itself was struggling to withstand them. New cracks formed on the surface of the bone plain, and the cracks that had been there before deepened.

And then, after an especially calamitous blow, the cracks began to widen and grow uncontrollably, as if a point of no return had been passed. The initial noise of the battlefield breaking had been drowned out by the thunderous roar of the impact, but now, everyone could both hear and sense the ground below them shifting.

The crack that was near the Seventh Royal Legion extended in an instant, cutting all the way to the edge of the Breastbone Reach. It widened, too, and a few unfortunate soldiers plummeted down….

Into the darkness.

'Damnation.'

Most people could not feel it, but Sunny could. His shadow sense extended far and wide, as well as penetrating deep.

More importantly, he had an aerial view of the battlefield from the Ivory Island. Therefore, he could see the spider web of deep cracks spreading across the entire plain.

Stretching all the way down to the Hollows.

As Rain rolled and rose to one knee,looking at the dark fissure of the jagged crack…

She saw a thick, scarlet vine rise from the darkness and attach itself to the splintered bone.




***
Chapter 2218: Deep Grey Sky


***






The calamitous battle between the two Supremes had stunned the two great armies gathered on the surface of the dead god's breastbone. The soldiers were stunned, the soldiers were awed, the soldiers were terrified…

However, they weren't the only ones affected by the cataclysmic tyranny of the deific confrontation.

Deep below them, in the dim twilight of the Hollows, the ancient jungle was in turmoil as well. The Nightmare Creatures dwelling in the darkness stirred, disturbed by the inconceivable fury of the clash between the two Sovereigns. The aftershocks of the battle had reached even the Hollows, sending the abominations into a frenzy. The jungle itself seemed to have come alive, as if sensing a threat.

...Or a feast, perhaps.

Knowing that he would have to face the Sovereigns himself, Sunny had been watching them fight intently. However, his shadow sense reached far and wide — he paid attention to what was happening in the Hollows, as well.

So, he was quite possibly the only person on the bone plain who knew what was happening in the Hollows at the moment.

That was the reason he was one of the first to understand what the Sovereigns had done.

'Crazy bastards…'

The King and the Queen actually managed to break the bone plain. Perhaps he should not have been surprised, knowing that Anvil had already cut a fissure in the dome of the Hollows once… but back then, during the fight against Condemnation, it had been the result of a conscious action that demanded a great amount of effort, preparation, and a grand act of sorcery.

This time, the dead god's bone was broken simply from the strain of serving as a battlefield for the two murderous Supremes.

And the damage wasn't contained to a minor fissure, either — instead, a net of countless cracks snaked across the northern end of the titanic breastbone, making it look like shattered glass.

And all these cracks led to the Hollows, which boiled with frenzied activity.

The ancient jungle of Godgrave had been starved of sunlight as of late. The human armies had banished it beneath the surface and kept burning the crawling vines, thus breaking the cycle that allowed the abominable ecosystem of the Hollows to thrive.

Without the scarlet infestation spreading to the surface, the ancient jungle was denied the nutrients it needed to sustain itself — the consequences were not showing, yet, but they would turn grave before too long. The jungle starved, and therefore, the dreadful abominations dwelling under its canopy were starving as well.

That was why the jungle, and the abominations too, rushed to the surface when countless cracks split the dome of the Hollows open.

'Damn it.'

"Get up! Prepare for battle!"

Sunny's hiss sent Rain scrambling to get up. All around her, the warriors of the Seventh Royal Legion were trying to stand despite the quaking ground too. Seishan's voice broke through the cacophony of the apocalyptic battle:

"...formation! Face the cracks! …fire!"

But it was already too late.

The single vine that had extended from the crack a few moments ago had already turned into a hundred. All across the length of the jagged fissure, the tendrils of the ancient jungle were crawling out of darkness, attaching themselves to the sun-bleached surface of the bone.

And there were more than one fissure around.

The tide of scarlet infestation really looked like frothing blood that swelled and spilled out of deep cuts, flowing endlessly…

Of course, the vines were merely a herald of what was about to come — great bridges that the jungle had risen to connect the depths of Hollows to the sunlit surface.

A moment later, a hideous head rose above the edge of the nearest fissure, and a Great Beast pushed its massive body onto the bone plain.

Rain stared at it with wide eyes, terrified, then drew her bow with a trembling hand.

…Of course,her arrow bounced off the dark hide of the monstrous creature without leaving even a scratch on it.

Things were even worse in the formation of the Sword Army.

Their enemy was located closer to the edge of the titanic breastbone, which meant that the Hollows were quite shallow there — after all, the subterranean hell did not extend to the very wall of the dead god's sternum. In fact, the position of the Song Army was only partially above the Hollows, the rest of it standing on nothing but solid bone.

The Sword Army was not as lucky. Since it was positioned further south, there was nothing by the dark expanse of the abominable jungle below the warriors of the Sword Domain. Therefore, they were going to face more horrors… they would also be surrounded from all sides, while the warriors of Song would be safe from rear attacks, at least.

Not that it mattered. Neither side was going to escape the onslaught of the scarlet tide unscathed — if they could escape it at all.

'What do I do?'

As the Lord of Shadows, Sunny was in the thick of it. He could rush to help the soldiers, slaying as many Nightmare Creatures as he could…

But he also had to wait for the perfect moment to attack the Sovereigns. If he was too late, one of them would kill the other and grow infinitely more powerful… if he did not wait long enough, neither of the Supremes would have exhausted their strength, and fighting both of them would be suicidal.

He could not allow himself to get distracted.

Seeing as a train-sized centipede crawled out of a deep crack and loomed over a dozen Awakened soldiers, the entire length of its underbelly opening to reveal one ghastly, endless maw, Sunny cursed and dove into the shadows.

Emerging from them a split second later, he lashed out with his odachi. The thick red carapace of the centipede was cut cleanly, and the upper third of its monumental body was severed from the rest of the monstrous creature.

The severed third fell to the ground with a deafening boom… and twisted, already scurrying to swallow its first victim.

The lower two-thirds continued to emerge from the crack, seemingly unconcerned with losing the entire upper portion.

Sunny wasted a split second to stare at the abomination, appalled.

All around him, more Nightmare Creatures than he could count were climbing to the surface, many, if not most, no less dreadful than the giant centipede.

His gaze turned even darker than it had been before.

A drop of ichor fell from the blood of the odachi and broke against the weathered bone.

'Curse it all…'




***
Chapter 2219: Shattered Earth, Breaking Sky


***






Hell had descended upon Godgrave.

A storm of rustling swords blotted out the sky, unleashing a devastating rain of slaying steel upon the sea of living corpses that flooded the blood-soaked reaches of the shattered bone plain. Grotesque figures of towering Titans were straining to break the chains of sorcery that bound them, the ground quaked like a wounded beast convulsing in the throes of death, and a violent litany of deafening noises seemed to shake the very foundation of the world.

Two demigods continued their mortal battle high above the fractured battlefield, observed in silence by the distant, evil omen of the dead god’s skull.

Far below, on the broken ground, a scarlet flood was flowing from the black cracks like bloody foam. The ancient jungle was rising from the dim twilight of the Hollows, starved for light and warmth — with it, countless harrowing abominations crawled to the surface, driven into a dreadful frenzy by the fury of the great battle and the tantalizing scent of human souls.

Even Sunny, who had seen a hell or two throughout his life, felt somewhat shaken by the scope and scale of the disastrous calamity, as well as by its astonishing nature...

He could not even imagine what the ordinary soldiers felt.

The two human armies were on the verge of being consumed by the dreadful tide of Nightmare Creatures.

However, the veterans of the Great War were a tough tribe — they had not lost their minds to fear, even in the middle of a seemingly apocalyptic disaster.

The Saints had regained their composure first, moving to intercept the most dangerous of the emerging abominations while barking orders at the paralyzed Masters. The Masters followed the orders — mechanically at first, as if simply out of habit, then with a growing sense of purposeful determination. They rallied the Awakened soldiers and joined them in defending against the chilling flood of Nightmare Creatures.

Despite that...

The death toll was heavy in those first few moments. Then, as the two armies rose to face the liberated jungle, it lessened somewhat — but it was still of no use.

Sunny, whose incarnations allowed him a perfect view of what was happening on both sides of the battlefield, could see it clearly. One incarnation was among the soldiers of the Sword Army, one was among the soldiers of Song, and one was watching it all from a great height.

There were too many cracks, and the Nightmare Creatures crawling out of them were too powerful. These weren’t the surface dwellers whom the soldiers of the two great armies had faced before, during the conquest of the Collarbone Plain, the Breastbone Reach, and the ribs of the dead god — and who had already been nearly too dreadful for Awakened to fight.

Instead, they were the ancient horrors of the Hollows, the great and dreadful predators who had spent countless years hunting others of their ghastly kind in the eternal twilight of the scarlet jungle. Many of them were of the Great Rank, and therefore almost entirely impervious to the attacks of the Awakened soldiers. Only the Saints could face them... but there were not enough Saints around.

Even worse, neither of the two armies had managed to maintain their formation. The cracks had appeared too suddenly, and they cut the battle lines, breaking them. Instead of presenting a united front against the tide of powerful abominations, the soldiers were now fighting desperately in whatever formations they could assemble, surrounded from all sides by the flood of monsters.

The situation seemed bleak. Despite the daunting scale of the battle and the immensity of the two great armies, the struggling clusters of human soldiers were like islands doomed to drown in the rising sea of scarlet darkness. They were resisting for now, but the writing was on the wall.

If nothing changed, both armies would be consumed, disappearing without a trace.

The Song Army was faring a little better, at least — its position was closer to the edge of the dead god’s breastbone, so there were very few Nightmare Creatures attacking the soldiers of Song from the rear. Seishan had realized that fact, it seemed, and was now struggling to get her army to retreat further north.

The Sword Army, however, was in dire straits.

Sunny had summoned Saint and Fiend, sending them to help the soldiers. After hesitating for a few moments, he manifested two more avatars of himself, so that three incarnations of the Lord of Shadows could enter battle. All of them descended upon the Nightmare Creatures, holding the scarlet tide back.

He had to be wary of wasting essence before confronting Sovereigns, but with Serpent in his hands and countless abominations around, replenishing it by killing them would not be a problem.

Sunny and his Shadows were like heralds of death, each a devastating presence on the battlefield — but even his presence was woefully insufficient to break the tide. It was like a drop on the ocean, at least for as long as he was still holding back.

Some distance away, Nephis was like a beacon of hope in the sea of hungry darkness. The core of the Sword Army rallied around her, the soldiers being healed by her flames while her sword reaped the lives of the most powerful Nightmare Creatures.

However, she was in the same situation as Sunny.

One of his shadows was still hiding in her own.

Using the moment, he spoke to her and relayed the information shared by Cassie as quickly as he could. Then, Sunny fell silent for a moment, waiting for her to finish off a hideous abomination that resembled a rotten, walking tree with a trunk littered by countless jagged maws... or perhaps a dead beast whose body had become the host of a tree-like parasite.

The white flames engulfed the ghastly creature, turning the scarlet leaves to ash, and the incandescent sword — the Kinslayer — cut the trunk in half.

There were already two equally horrid Nightmare Creatures rushing at Nephis through the flames a moment later.

He spoke:

“We won’t last long here.”

She looked around the battlefield, then nodded briefly.

“...We must advance.”

Sunny lingered for a moment, then chuckled darkly.

“Advance? Advance where?!”

Nephis lunged at the two abominations, brandishing her Supreme sword.

“Across the battlefield, toward the edge of the plain. To reach the Song Army, or at least get on solid bone!”

He regarded the carnage of the calamitous battlefield from the edge of the Ivory Island, remained silent for a moment, and took a deep breath.

“That is... a crazy idea!”

Sunny rose from Neph’s shadow, manifesting one more avatar.

Crushing the second abomination’s skull with a monstrous blow of his armored fist, he glanced at Nephis and grinned beneath the visor of his onyx helmet.

“It might just work!”




***
Chapter 2220: Infernal Trailblazer


***






Sunny smiled... but his smile was quite forced. He could not bring himself to feel the desperate kind of glee that often overwhelmed him when in situations that seemed too bleak to cope with.

Luckily, his face was hidden behind the visor of the Mantle’s helmet, so Nephis did not see his hesitation. To her, the Lord of Shadows looked as he always did — cold, confident, and full of aloof arrogance.

It was such a misplaced impulse, to look good in front of her even in the middle of a literal hell descending, and yet Sunny could not help but want to.

Reaching into the shadows, he pulled a black spear out of them, and then looked back to Nephis.

“I’ll carve the path for the army to follow.”

As the words left his mouth, the shadows stirred...

Then, a dreadful figure rose from them, making the soldiers shudder and flinch away.

The vast shadow took the form of a tenebrous steed with wolf-like fangs and two sharp horns, its eyes burning with terrifying crimson flames. The stallion seemed to be wreathed in a ghostly, indistinct haze of moving shadows, as if surrounded by a swarm of living nightmares, his sable coat seemingly absorbing light.

Just looking at the towering destrier filled the hearts of the soldiers with a cold feeling of dread... which was quite a feat, really, considering how terrified they had been already.

The soldiers flinched away, but Sunny took a step toward the nightmarish steed instead. Patting him on the powerful side, he said:

“Hey there, buddy. I really missed having you around.”

Nightmare turned the chilling gaze of his crimson eye toward Sunny, lingered for a few moments, then snorted quietly.

Sunny smiled.

“Hey, I’ve been working hard too, you know!”

With that, he jumped into the saddle, lowered his spear a little, and looked at Nephis from above.

“...You’d better follow soon.”

She nodded, already giving orders to the nearby officers.

Nightmare rushed forward.

The dreadful dark destrier moved with the speed of lightning, his adamantine hooves striking sparks from the ancient bone. He rushed through the ranks of the soldiers like a wave of darkness, then soared high into the air, breaching hundreds of meters in a single leap.

A few moments later, the tenebrous steed landed nimbly outside the crumbling formation, in the middle of the mass of abominations. Bones broke beneath his hooves, and flesh was torn by his steel fangs.

Splatters of blood flew in all directions, and Nightmare Creatures, who were not supposed to know fear, suddenly cowered in terror.

No matter how dreadful and deadly the black stallion was, however, his rider was like the devil himself. His fearsome onyx armor glistened dimly, and the plume of his helmet fluttered in the wind — his dark spear moved with terrible speed, piercing bodies and severing limbs. Mangled corpses fell to the ground.

For a brief moment, it seemed as if the destrier and his rider would be swallowed by the tide of abominations, but instead, the tide of abominations was broken by their furious assault. The shadows stirred around them, widening the gap, and the Lord of Shadows rode forth, leaving a trail of death and devastation in his wake.

Behind him, the Sword Army slowly started to advance.

***

“This is... useless...”

Rain staggered back, pulled by Fleur. A moment later, a hideous claw tore at the ground where she had been standing a moment ago, leaving deep grooves in the bone that had seemed indestructible before.

The titanic skeleton had been a symbol of mystical fear for the soldiers of the Song Army, and although few truly believed that it had belonged to an actual god once, many came to regard it with the same reverence. However, today, Godgrave had proven to be far more fragile than they believed it to be.

The entire bone plain had been fractured by the King and the Queen, and now, Nightmare Creatures powerful enough to leave marks on its surface were besieging the Song Army.

Needless to say, Awakened soldiers were like ants in front of these harrowing abominations.

They had always been weaker than the native inhabitants of Godgrave, and so, the Song Army developed various ways of dealing with stronger opponents. Rain’s own arsenal was largely aimed at debilitating the enemy through various means... and yet, today, her arrows were proving to be completely inefficient.

“What a blessing.”

She did not even have to worry about her Flaw, because there was no chance in hell that she would be able to kill anything.

Even though Rain did not want to admit it, she felt despair settle in her heart.

“Rain! S—snap out of it!”

Fleur pulled her back, and Tamar advanced, desperately trying to slow down the attacking horror. Her zweihander plummeted down, striking the abomination... and bouncing off uselessly. The Legacy girl staggered from the recoil of the powerful blow, and Rain’s eyes widened when dreadful claws shot toward her body.

A split second later, one of the Blood Sisters landed on the Nightmare Creature’s back, piercing its neck with a wavy dagger. Something flashed, and Tamar was tossed back — there was a deep gash on her side, but she was alive.

All around them, the Song Army was slowly buckling under the tide of monsters. The Nightmare Creatures were already impossible to overcome, but there was also the scarlet infestation itself they had to contend against. A mass of vines, moss, and grass spilled from the deep cracks in the ancient bone, crawling across its surface like a plague.

The jungle brought all kinds of deadly perils with it.

“Damn... damn it...”

Rain had no name for the emotion she felt, but could sense something boiling deep within her soul regardless.

Just then, Ray appeared out of nowhere, grabbed Tamar, and helped her stand up. The four of them did not even receive a momentary respite before another abomination lunged at them, its maw opening wide enough to swallow the entire cohort whole.

This time, there was no escape.

Before they were consumed, however...

Rain’s shadows suddenly moved and rose from the ground. A dark blade flashed in the air, and the lunging monstrosity was cleanly cut in half.

She let out a relieved sigh. Sunny was here...

“Wait.”

Did he just openly climb out of her shadow?

Rain... did not know whether to be glad or horrified.

Obviously, she was happy that he was with her. But if her brother had decided to reveal himself... then the situation was truly desperate.

He was also wearing a fearsome onyx armor and a closed helmet, emanating a cold and unfamiliar presence.

Turning his head slightly, her brother — the Lord of Shadows — brushed across the members of her cohort with an indifferent gaze. His cold voice seemed devoid of all emotions:

“Huh... you three again. Haven’t we met before?”

Tamar, Ray, and Fleur stared at him in stunned silence for a moment.

They would have stared more if not for the fact that the first row of the Seventh Legion was on the verge of collapsing under the onslaught of Nightmare Creatures.

Then, however, something strange happened.

The pressure on the fighters seemed to lessen slightly, and a new abomination emerged from the mass of monsters — this one even more dreadful than the rest.

It was a rider on a terrifying black steed, both of them drenched in blood and surrounded by a veil of moving shadows.

And behind them...

Rain’s eyes widened.

“I’m seeing things, right?”

Was she mistaken, or were there vermillion banners moving behind the wall of Nightmare Creatures?

Surely, she was mistaken...




***
Chapter 2221: Dark Guide


***






The journey across the crumbling hellscape of the battlefield had been a perilous nightmare. Sunny and Nightmare cleaved into the mass of Nightmare Creatures, besieged from all sides by the frenzied avalanche of abominations. Crimson blood and scarlet sap spilled on the white bone, and mangled bodies toppled to the ground…

They were swiftly swallowed by the red sea of spreading moss, only to rise again moments later.

Even locked in a furious battle with the King of Swords, the Queen did not miss the chance to create new puppets.

Sunny opened a gap in the tide of monsters, and the Sword Army followed the dark rider. However, the horrors of the liberated jungle were not the only danger facing the soldiers — there was the army of puppets and the devastating hurricane of flying swords, as well.

He had to find a path through the cataclysmic battle of the two Domains, avoiding the wider cracks that marred the surface of the fractured plain, the flashpoint in the obliterating confrontation between Ki Song’s puppets and Anvil’s swords, and the caged Titans.

Even if he did, the danger still remained — at any moment, the two Sovereigns could plummet from the sky, causing a violent detonation on the ground. If the army was caught in that violent explosion of annihilating forces, the casualties were going to be horrific… the Saints would probably survive, and some of the Masters too. But the Awakened soldiers would become a cloud of crimson haze.

‘What a mess

Sunny used his spear and manifested shadows to slaughter frenzied abominations. Nightmare used his fangs, his horns, and his hooves to furiously rip them apart. The aura of dread surrounding the black steed weakened the hungry Nightmare Creatures, which made the two of them even more deadly than they already were.

Far behind, Sunny’s other incarnations were struggling to preserve the fragile formation of the advancing army side by side with other Saints of the Sword Domain. One of his avatars was protecting the rear, one was fighting on the right flank, and one was fighting on the left. Saint and Fiend were holding back the flood of Nightmare Creatures, as well…

Nephis and her miraculous flames were at the head of the army, continuously healing the soldiers and following the path that he had carved.

Somehow, unbelievably… they made it quite far.

The casualties were heavy, and the formation of the Sword Army had turned into a complete mess, all pretenses of order obliterated by the carnage of the great battle and the complicated terrain of the fractured plain. But they still managed to torturously extricate themselves from the worst of the scarlet flood and made it to the epicenter of the clash between the dead army and the storm of swords.

That was perhaps even more dangerous than being surrounded by a sea of frenzied Nightmare Creatures.

Neither the puppets nor the flying swords were hostile to the human soldiers — however, they did not seem concerned about collateral damage, either.

There were cracks leading to the Hollows here, as well, and the jungleUpd was attempting to escape to the surface from them, too… but most of the horrors that escaped the darkness were swiftly obliterated by the violent aftershocks of the harrowing battle between the two Sovereigns.

The army was only actively besieged from the rear now — liberated from the dire need to fight the Nightmare Creatures, it closed ranks and concentrated on defense, the officers exerting their Aspect powers to protect the Awakened soldiers from the chaos, the mayhem, the destructive shockwaves of distant collisions, and the rustling streams of stray swords.

Success… was limited, at best.

The ground was still quaking, the deafening cacophony of the battle was still unbearable, and the world still resembled a crumbling hell. In fact, now that the soldiers were not just witnessing the clash between the Supremes, but were in the midst of it, the chilling catastrophe of their clash had only become harder to conceive of, fathom, and endure.

But they did endure.

Even then, it was in no small part thanks to Sunny. He had not volunteered to become a guide for the reeling Sword Army merely because of how strong he was, and how fearsome his steed was. Rather, he was the best man for the job because his shadow sense was able to envelop the entire battlefield.

Therefore, Sunny knew where to go, what path to choose, and which directions to steer clear of in order to avoid complete annihilation.

The battered army slowly advanced through the carnage. All pretenses of maintaining an orderly formation had long been abandoned, and by now, it was nothing more than a vast mob… however, it was a mob of seasoned warriors, not panicking civilians. Faced with a horror too great to be fathomed, the soldiers had simply abandoned fear, somberly concentrating on the task at hand instead and refusing to think about anything else.

Perhaps that was why they had survived.

‘I… need to hurry

Sunny was concerned about the Song Army, as well.

After all, Rain was there. Cassie was there, too, bound by the invisible strings of the Queen’s power.

As he was carving a blood path through the mayhem atop Nightmare and fighting to defend the splintering Sword Army, he was also tensely observing Rain. In the end, Sunny had no choice but to emerge from her shadow and reveal himself among the soldiers of Song for the first time since his sister had become one of them.

Almost at the same time, he finally broke through the tide of abominations and came in view of the battered expanse of the Queen’s soldiers.

He regarded them for a moment from Nightmare’s back, streams of blood running down the onyx surface of the Mantle.

The sight of him sitting atop Nightmare must have been quite terrifying.

The Song Army had done better than the warriors of the Sword Domain, but they too were on the verge of drowning in the scarlet flood. Neither of the sides were going to weather the calamity alone…

Truthfully, even if they joined forces, their chances were not great.

But wasn’t it funny?

These people had been ready to kill each other not too long ago, but now, their best chance to survive was to fight side by side with each other.

‘I can’t tell if that is poetic or ironic

Perhaps it was both.

Somewhere behind, the vague silhouette of the Ivory Island revealed itself from the storm of swords, looming above the Sword Army as if trying to shield it from the fury of the Supreme battle above.

Raising his spear, Sunny leaned forward and tossed it at the soldiers of Song.

They did not even have time to react.

Tearing the air, the dark spear instantly breached the remaining distance…

And nailed a monstrous spider that had been lunging at Seishan to the ground.

Spinning swiftly, she spent a split second to stare at the spider, then turned her head and looked at Sunny.

He met her gaze coldly, remained motionless for a moment… and then gave her an exaggerated bow.

Behind him, the banners of the Sword Army fluttered in the hurricane wind.




***
Chapter 2222: Friend or Foe


***






Sunny would have loved to say that the two great armies united in a beautiful display of human camaraderie, but in reality, nothing that grand happened.

The bone plain was still crumbling, and the jungle was still spilling from the depths of the Hollows like a scarlet tide. The situation worsened quickly, and all that remained of order – what little of it had been left by then – swiftly collapsed into mayhem and chaos.

Minutes after the Sword Army reached the buckling line of Song soldiers, both forces were overwhelmed by the flood of abominations. The ground quaked, and the cracks spread. The battle lines collapsed, the officers lost control of their units, and the two forces merged into one vast sea of desperately fighting soldiers.

It was not that the Song soldiers and the warriors of the Sword Domain, who had been enemies less than an hour ago, discarded their differences and embraced each other as comrades. It was just that no one cared about which side the people around them belonged to anymore.

There were only humans and Nightmare Creatures on the bone plain, now.

…And the demigods who continued their terrifying battle in the sky and on the ground, ravaging the fractured surface of Godgrave with their inhuman power.

If there was one reason why the soldiers still held, refusing to collapse into the endless tide of dreadful abominations, it was that the core of the human sea stood like a monolith in the path of the Nightmare Creatures and broke their terrifying momentum.

There, white radiance shone beautifully amidst the maelstrom of steel and abominable flesh, washing over the human warriors and healing their wounds, while at the same time enveloping the grotesque figures of the powerful Nightmare Creatures and melting them like wax.

That was where Changing Star made her stand. The seasoned veterans of the two great armies rallied behind her, serving as an anchor for the mass of desperate soldiers and preventing them from drowning helplessly in the encroaching darkness.

Sunny played his part as well, of course. While Nephis made herself the axis of the sea of human warriors, he spread his avatars and Shadows along the edges of their disorganized mass. There were five incarnations of the Lord of Shadows sowing death and destruction on the fractured bone plain, now, as well as Saint, Fiend, and Nightmare.

There were also all the Saints of the two Domains, fighting side by side.

In one corner of the battlefield, Sunny couldn’t help but chuckle when he found himself fighting side by side with Saint Jest – he was still determined to kill the old bastard… but that would have to wait until a later date.

In another place, he found himself rescuing none other than Beastmaster from the jaws of a Great Monster. The beautiful enchantress spared him a glance and smiled weakly.

“Well… aren’t you a sight for sore eyes, Lord Shadow.”

He looked at her coldly, then sneered behind the visor of his helmet.

“Sorry to say this, but you seem to only have one eye left.”

Commanding her thralls to lunge at the avalanche of Nightmare Creatures, Beastmaster grinned. Her grin looked quite terrifying, considering that the entire left side of her face was missing.

“Don’t you worry… it will heal. Ah, why do they also go for my face?”

Someplace else, Sunny saw Summer Knight making his way toward the distant radiance of Neph’s flames.

He saw Dar of the Maharana clan unleashing a devastating rain of arrows on the Nightmare Creatures besieging Rivalen of Aegis Rose. He also saw Saint Helie taking on a Great Beast that threatened to devour Mercy of Clan Dagonet, Jest’s grandson…

That one was both poetic and ironic as well.

But mostly, Sunny had no time to observe the raging sea of violence boiling all around him, since he was forced to concentrate on his own five avatars and the distant clash between the two Sovereigns.

…Somewhere on the battlefield, Sid the Fire Keeper cursed as she dodged the claws of an enormous abomination. The beast resembled a monstrous ape with six spindly arms, its gaunt body full of festering wounds and crawling with wriggling maggots. She used her Aspect to deliver a powerful blow to the creature, but her sword barely managed to leave a scratch on its skin.

Her shield, however, slammed into it with enough force to throw the abominable ape back.

A slender figure in a red dress was revealed on the ground behind it, struggling to rise.

Sid grabbed the woman and pulled her to her feet.

“Stand up, you fool!”

Felise looked up at her with a dazed expression, blood flowing down her beautiful face.

She spoke hoarsely:

“I can… stand… on my own

Sid snarled.

“Shut the hell up! And help me!”

The two faced the Nightmare Creatures, covering each other’s backs. Sid brandished her sword, while Felise raised her wavy dagger.

A moment later, the abominations were upon them.

Some distance away, Saint Tyris of White Feather was facing down a Great Demon, her cold face betraying no emotion. Unable to assume her Transcendent form in the storm of deadly swords, she was forced to fight as a human.

As she lunged forward, a powerful gale pushing her sword to incredible speed, an enormous winged lion with white fur crashed into the demon, tearing into its side with sharp fangs. The Great Nightmare Creature simply shook it off, turning to unleash a fatal attack at his wife.

Before its jaws closed around Tyris, however…

A wave of darkness surrounded it like a whirlpool, and Revel appeared from it like a beautiful fiend. The onyx talons crowning her wings pierced the demon’s throat, and she grabbed its jaws with both hands, straining her muscles to rip them apart.

A pained roar drowned the thunderous clamor of the battle, and black blood flowed down.

Not too far from the three of them, Rain and Tamar found themselves surrounded by a swarm of human-sized insects. The ant-like creatures were less indestructible than other horrors of the ancient jungle, but their sheer number was a terror to behold.

They were fighting them desperately, with Rain wounding the abominations and Tamar finishing them off. However, the monstrous ants were simply too many…

Just as Rain staggered, a bolt of lightning suddenly flashed past her, striking into the mass of vile creatures and chaining from one to another, instantly causing several of them to collapse.

Glancing back, she saw a young woman with golden hair, her armor dented and her white cloak smeared in blood. The young woman spun, cutting down another abomination, and took a shaky step back.

The three of them found themselves standing back to back with each other.

Taking a labored breath, Rain forced out a smile.

“Hey, you… I know you, don’t I?”

The Feather Knight answered without turning, her tone cold:

I guess.”

Rain chuckled.

“How’s your leg?”

As the swarms of ants recovered from the damage dealt by the lightning and rushed at them, the young woman answered with a hint of vitriol in her voice:

“How’s your neck?”

Sadly, there was no time to answer…

Far away, standing on the battered surface of the Ivory Island, Sunny tilted his head to avoid a stray piece of shrapnel and looked into the sky with a grim expression.

There, a river of blood and a rustling sphere of deadly steel collided once again, tearing a hole in the storm of swords.

Down below, the Titans were slowly breaking out of their chains.

His eyes were dark.

He exhaled slowly.

‘Not yet




***
Chapter 2223: Blood and Steel


***






High above the battlefield, the King of Swords was still being pursued by the river of crimson blood. Surrounded by the storm of swords, he retreated closer and closer to the swirling veil of radiant clouds... as if being driven into a corner.

Far below, the fractured bone plain was swelling with scarlet rot, and the dead Titans were struggling against the chains of sorcery that bound them. The shimmering runes formed by countless flying swords were already vague and distorted, on the verge of crumbling.

Finally, one of the colossal creatures broke free of its ethereal cage and steeped forward, ready to unleash its profane power.

Before it could, however...

Anvil spun in the air and slashed with one of his dreadful swords, causing the world itself to split in half.

The thin line where reality seemed to be cut extended all the way down to the surface of the shattered battlefield, passing across the gargantuan figure of the Titan. A moment later, the world healed itself, and the scar left on its fabric by the King's strike was erased.

The Titan, however, staggered and fell apart, cut cleanly in two.

The severed giant plummeted down. Its mountain-like body was so vast that a dozen seconds passed before its dreadful mass hit the ground — when it did, the entire bone plain shuddered, and the cracks marring its fractured surface grew wider.

By then, Anvil was already landing on the quaking bone. Grasping his two swords and commanding the other five to form a rustling sphere of lethal steel around him once again, he looked at the great waterfall of blood that threatened to drown him... and attacked.

This time, his attacks were eerily different in nature.

They seemed the same, but there was something uncanny about the way his swords moved now, as if he was aiming their dreadful blades at something that mortals could not even perceive, let alone fathom.

The river of blood rippled strangely and reeled back, as if hurt. All around the battlefield, hundreds of dead puppets fell to the ground lifelessly-- there were no wounds on their bodies, and no blood flowing to the surface of the ancient bone. However, despite that, the corpses remained laying on it motionlessly, as if the Queen had no power over them anymore.

Lowering his swords slightly, Anvil stared at the crimson wall of blood towering above him darkly.

A cold voice resounded from beneath the visor of his black helmet:

"Why don't you get serious, now?"

A melodious laughter suddenly surrounded him, carried by the gales of hurricane wind.

"Shall I?"

As the echoes of the Queen's laughter were swallowed by the cacophony of battle, the sea of crimson blood rippled once again and receded a little. Some distance away, the colossal corpse of the slain Titan that towered above the plain like a mountain stirred suddenly, and then moved.

The flesh of the gargantuan creature began to rot with tremendous speed, soon turning into a flood of viscous crimson liquid. The revolting mass of it flowed forward and rose from the ground, surrounding the sea of blood like a shell.

Then, the process of decomposition was reversed, and it turned solid again. Soon, a terrifying flesh golem rose above the fractured plain, towering above it at hundreds meters in height... the river of blood was now contained within it, flowing through its veins and nurturing it with Supreme power.

Pieces of broken bone extended through the monstrous doll's torn skin, and a vague outline of a human face lay hidden beneath the hideous features of its face.

Anvil let out a low chuckle.

"Ah... how distasteful..."

As torrents of flying swords twisted in the air and plummeted down, aiming to tear the towering flesh golem apart, it lunged forward with speed that no creature of that size was supposed to possess.

Its two gargantuan hands rose, and then fell down like crushing hammers. Anvil's five swords rushed forward to block the harrowing strike, and the moment the fists of the Queen met them...

A flash of light drowned the battlefield for a moment, and an obliterating shockwave spread in all directions, disintegrating thousands of flying swords, turning countless puppets into bloody haze, and causing several enormous pieces of the bone plain to plummet into the depths of the Hollows.

...Observing the cataclysmic collision from the distant surface of the Ivory Island, Sunny shivered.

He did not have to turn away to look at the pitiful state of the two great armies. Nephis was still holding the core of the vast, disorganized mob of human soldiers together, while he was dealing with the worst of the nightmare tide at its edges. The Saints were still fighting, and the Awakened warriors were still enduring, as well...

But the situation was turning grimmer and grimmer with each minute.

He was barely preserving all his incarnations and keeping the truly powerful abominations away from Rain. The amount of essence he received back from slaughtering Nightmare Creatures had fallen behind the amount he was expending some time ago, and Nephis was not doing any better.

His Shadows were receiving one wound after another, too... and if even Fiend was suffering damage, then the Saints of the two Domains would soon be on the verge of death.

In fact, a few of them had already perished.

Beastmaster's thralls were nearly eradicated. The forged Echoes of the Valor elites had all been destroyed. The casualties among the soldiers were mounting, and with every one of them that fell, there was one less warrior to stem the flood of abominations left standing.

Worse still, the jungle was escaping onto the surface of the fractured plain. Before, the humans only had to contend the dreadful predators of the Hollows — but now, the spreading scarlet plague was threatening to swallow them, as well.

The hungry moss, the bloodthirsty grass, the poisonous thorns of slithering vines, the clouds of deadly pollen, the spores that landed on human flesh only to sprout abominable mycelia through it... the soldiers had to suffer all of it and more, all the while being torn apart and devoured by the ghastly Nightmare Creatures.

He had joked about Beastmaster's missing eye before... but really, Sunny was disturbed by the sight. If even the immensely powerful princess of Song could not protect herself in this inconceivable calamity, then what hope did the rest of them have?

Sunny's thoughts turned somber.

The plan... the plan was to wait until the Sovereigns had exhausted each other, or, better yet, had brought each other to the brink of death — he and Nephis were only supposed to attack them then.

However, Sunny was not sure that they could wait for much longer, not anymore.

Not only were the great armies in a desperate situation, but Sunny and Nephis were wasting essence — both of them possessed vast reserves of it, but those reserved would only continue to dwindle.

Then, who would be exhausted and on the brink of death by the time they entered the fray?

Looking into the distance with a grim expression, Sunny grimaced.

So, then...

When were they supposed to attack?

Only one person knew the answer.

'I need to find Cassie...'




***
Chapter 2224: Blood Ties


***






Out there on the battlefield, Cassie felt less and less like a living marionette. Ki Song still held power over her body and soul, of course, but was either too distracted to control Cassie's every move or had simply decided to allow her some measure of freedom.

At the moment, Cassie was unsure whether to feel relieved or regretful about her sudden liberation.

Her body had been controlled by the Queen entirely when the flood of Nightmare Creatures first descended upon the Song Army. It was a strange experience, to feel herself move with martial skill far greater than her own, slaying powerful abominations with the cold composure of a born killer. It was even stranger still because Cassie could only see herself with Seishan's eyes.

Her face was the same, and her body was the same. However, everything else was unfamiliar — her fierce poise, her deadly grace, the smooth fluidity of her confident movements… Cassie could both feel and see her body fight, but she had no part in making it move.

It was eerie.

The role the Queen wanted her to play, it seemed, was to protect Seishan... even at the cost of her own life. So, Cassie's body was like a bodyguard for the beautiful princess of Song, whether she liked it or not.

As the battle between Ki Song and Anvil entered a new stage, however, she could suddenly move on her own again. She also had far greater access to her Aspect again, which made up somewhat for losing the macabre guidance of the Queen.

Cassie was still not entirely free, though. There were certain things that her own body was preventing her from doing — like straying too far from Seishan, for example, or aiming her rapier at Seishan's back.

'I wouldn't want to kill her, anyway…'

Cassie needed Seishan alive as much as the Queen wanted her to survive.

The two of them had stood in front of the Seventh Legion when the battle started.As the abominable jungle broke free from the dim darkness of the Hollows and the dreadful abominations escaped to the surface, Seishan attempted to get the Song Army to react in time — she was one of the first to realize the consequences of the bone plain fracturing, and acted accordingly.

Seishan's swift actions saved numerous lives… but not enough lives.

The battle swiftly descended into utter chaos. The Song Army was just as fractured as the battlefield was, the soldiers separated from each other by the jagged cracks and the scarlet tide rising from them. It was all but impossible to regain any significant measure of control over the formation, but Seishan and Beastmaster still tried, desperately attempting to get the army to pull back.

The precarious battle line was on the verge of collapsing when the Lord of Shadow broke through the endless horde of abominations on his monstrous steed, covered in blood and leading the ravaged Sword Army behind him.

The situation turned a bit better after that — for a short while — but also even more chaotic. All distinctions between units were discarded, and the humans simply fought side by side, not caring who was friend and who was foe.

A terrible carnage usurped the world.

The battle took Seishan and Cassie away from the core of the vast mob of human soldiers, where Nephis and the Fire Keepers held the core against the deadliest of the Nightmare Creatures.

By then, Cassie had regained enough of her powers to use her Awakened and Ascended Abilities freely. Her own performance was far below what she had been able to accomplish under the Queen's control, but adequate enough to stay alive… just barely.

Seishan, on the contrary, was only growing stronger the more blood was spilled around them. It was unclear who was protecting whom, now — and yet, even the daughter of the Queen was not doing too well in the feverish mayhem of the calamitous battle.

Both of them were covered in blood and wounded,their armor tattered and breached. All Cassie could do was stay close to Seishan and follow her as the older woman moved through the battlefield with a strange sense of purpose, her beautiful face turning darker and more desperate with each second.

"Veil!"

Suddenly, Seishan lunged forward, discarding all pretense of caution. She tore into the mass of Nightmare Creatures, her claws tearing their hides like sharp blades. Her fangs ripped into them, as well, sending rivers of fetid blood spilling to the ground.

Each wound Seishan dealt to the abominations bled far more profusely than it should have, and the dreadful beings died far more swiftly, and far more gruesomely, than Cassie had expected.

Breaking through the mass of Nightmare Creatures, they came about a desolate section of the battlefield. Here, no human soldier had survived, and heaps of abominable bodies lay on the ground, piled high. There were some thralls of Beastmaster scattered between the dead abominations, all torn to shreds and dead.

At the center of the vast graveyard of Nightmare Creatures, a sole figure was sprawled on the ground, surrounded by a ring of emptiness.

It was a delicate woman with a slender build, both her enchanting face and her white hair painted red by blood… Moonveil, Seishan's sister.

Dismissing her monstrous form, Seishan dashed toward the motionless figure and fell to her knees near it, leaning close to press her ear against Moonveil's bloodied chest.

Cassie could hear her mumbling quietly:

"Alive… still alive…"

The battle was raging around them, and some hideous horrors could attack them at any moment. Standing above Seishan, Cassie turned and raised her weapons, ready to attack.

...Her pale lips twisted into a faint smile under the dirt and grime of the battlefield.

Maintaining a neutral tone, Cassie spoke without turning back:

"It is hard to envy the burden of your mother's love."

She had waited to speak these words for a long time.

Turning away from unconscious Moonveil for a moment, Sieshan looked up with ire in her cold, piercing eyes.

Then, her gaze slid further, rising to behold the storm of swords raging in the distant sky.

A few words could cut deeper than a sword, if spoken at the right moment.

And a tiny seed of doubt could grow into a towering tree, if planted into fertile soil.

Seishan was too smart to have no doubt, but she needed a push to accept it. In these days that they spent together, Cassie had been subtly preparing to give her that push.

The daughters of Ki Song... were too loyal to their mother. The only thing they were more loyal to were each other.

These orphan girls who had been taken from the streets to be raised as indomitable warriors cherished each other more than they loved the Queen.

That was the lever Cassie had to use if she wanted to send them plummeting into the pit of betrayal. To make them choose, and therefore save their lives when Nephis took her throne.

Seishan's eyes hardened subtly as she watched her mother clash against the King of Swords in the distance as her sister bled in herarms.

Looking away, she started to summon a Memory and gritted her teeth.

"...Shut up."

Cassie smiled and obeyed her command.

After all, she had already said what she wanted to say.

And Seishan had already made a choice, even if she did not realize it yet.

'I hope Moonveil survives.'

But if she didn't, the lesson would only sink deeper.

Cassie sighed.

At that moment, she was distracted by a dark figure that appeared some distance away, and a voice that resounded in her head.

[Cassie… I need to know about the others. Have your powers returned?]

She took a deep breath.

Her powers had returned, indeed.




***
Chapter 2225: Broken Covenant


***






The shattered moon shone upon the ruined castle.

The cold winds howled as they passed through the ruins, slamming into piles of rubble with vengeful power. An especially strong gust sent a small pebble falling from a broken wall into a pan of bubbling stew.

Morgan ignored the pebble. She ignored Nightingale, who landed nearby, as well.

Instead, she looked up and let out a long sigh.

‘Loyalty…’ 

Loyalty was a funny thing. It came in many forms and many shapes, from different sources. Loyalty had a power in and of itself – a great power, sometimes – but in the realm of Supremes, it also possessed a mystical authority.

It was the covenant between a ruler and the people. It was the lifeblood of a Domain, as well as the means through which Domains spread. To be precise, for those Supremes who built their Domains with the help of the Nightmare Spell, it was the loyalty of Saints that mattered most.

Because their kingdoms were built from Citadels, and most people – even those of the Supreme Rank – could only control one Citadel at a time. There were exceptions, of course, like her monstrous brother, but those exceptions only served to prove the rule.

So, Saints became proxies for the Supremes, controlling Citadels in their name. To do so, they had to pledge their fealty to a Sovereign… and swear loyalty to a Domain.

But loyalty was not an event. It was a process. Therefore, even if a Saint swore an oath of fealty, their loyalty was not carved in stone. It could grow more powerful or weaken – it could even become entirely exhausted, dissolving like a mirage. If that happened, the Sovereign would lose a vassal, and the Domain would lose a Citadel.

But it was not easy, to exhaust someone’s loyalty. Because loyalty came in many forms.

There was personal loyalty to a Sovereign, like what Sir Gilead and other retainers of the Great Clan Valor felt. There was also a more abstract kind of loyalty like that of vassal Saints, who were not necessarily devoted to their Sovereign, but were instead devoted to the Domain itself – because their families, clans, friends, and comrades were a part of it.

And many more.

That was why a vassal Saint could despise a Sovereign, but still be part of the Sovereign’s Domain. Domains were vast things, after all, and encompassed much more than solely their rulers.

Which was why it was so ironic…

That Morgan, the daughter of a Sovereign, had no loyalty left.

It was because to her, the Sword Domain was precisely that – it was solely a representation of her father. She was raised to be a ruler, and for that reason, her connection to the vast complexity of the Domain was different from that of everyone else.

It was far more simple, and therefore, far more easily destroyed.

Morgan did not have friends or comrades, she only had subordinates… who were mere tools. Her clan and her family were a single person – the King of Swords.

And so, once she lost all faith in her father, she lost the connection to the Sword Domain as well.

Perhaps she was simply selfish, not caring about anyone or anything else.

‘It can’t be… I am Morgan of Valor, I am the princess of the Sword Domain.’

But it could.

Morgan smiled crookedly.

Her brother… had her beat.

The bastard…

A forlorn chuckle escaped her lips.

“Lady Morgan? Are you alright?”

She turned her head, noticing Nightingale looking at her with concern. The others seemed wary, too.

Right… there were her six Transcendent blades, as well.

What the hell was she supposed to do?

Morgan forced out a smile.

“I am perfectly fine.”

But she wasn’t.

She… was supposed to defend Bastion from Mordret. To prevent it from falling into his hands, and therefore becoming lost to her father, empowering the Ki Song instead.

Today was the day of the full moon – one that had repeated countless times – which meant that even those who did not control the Great Citadel would be able to travel between its true and illusory versions in a few hours. All her brother had to do to conquer Bastion was cross over to the other side, enter the illusory version of the ancient castle, and tether his soul to its Gateway, thus overwriting her own imprint.

But it was all meaningless, now. Bastion was already lost to the King of Swords. Her brother would without a doubt still want to conquer it for the Queen of Worms – and for himself, as well – however, did Morgan still want to defend it?

Perhaps she did. Not for the Sword Domain, but for herself.

…But even if she did, was there a reason to make these people die for it?

Morgan studied her Saints.

Soul Reaper, Raised By Wolves, Nightingale, Naeve, Bloodwave, Aether…

She had conscripted them into this war, and watched them die countless times. To be honest, Morgan was a little sick of it.

‘How… strange.’

She was not a part of the Sword Domain anymore, but she had never been anything else. Morgan’s entire sense of self was tied to the Great Clan Valor, and therefore, all her actions had always been for the benefit of the clan.

Now that she had turned her back on that, there was no structure to the world, and nothing for her to lean on.

It had been reasonable and a matter of course to sacrifice these people for the Sword Domain, if need be, before. But what about now?

There was no reason to force them to their deaths whatsoever.

Apart from Morgan’s own selfish desire to defeat her brother, of course.

Was she despicable enough to condemn her subordinates to death for a purely selfish reason?

‘Yes. Yes, I am.’ 

But she was not pathetic enough to do so.

Morgan had nothing else left, but she still had her pride.

She did not have to deceive anyone into fighting her brother for her. If she were to defeat him, she was going to defeat him herself.

Granted, chances were that she would just die a graceless death instead.

That was a matter of course, as well.

Morgan took a deep breath, and then smiled at her Saints,

“The battle is over. We lost. You can all leave now… if you wish.”




***
Chapter 2226: Pebble Stew


***






The six Saints stared at her in confusion. The expressions of the Night Saints were, quite predictably, subtly different from those of the government Saints — who seemed to have learned about the loop recently.

Morgan observed their reactions with morbid curiosity.

Eventually, it was Naeve who broke the silence:

"The battle... is over? What do you mean?"

Morgan fished the damn pebble out of the stew and shrugged.

"You probably don't remember, but I borrowed a very special Supreme Memory from Soul Reaper a while back. That Memory, in combination with my Aspect, allowed me to force the same day to repeat itself over and over again. This day, to be precise. The seven of us have battled my brother countless times today, and we have lost countless times. Each of you died a variety of gruesome deaths… if I recall correctly, you were beheaded the last time, Saint Naeve."

'Good thing I came to my senses in time. The stew was about to be burnt...'

She removed the pan from the fire and looked at the six Saints.

"But it’s meaningless now. I won’t borrow the Supreme Memory again, and I won’t turn the time back again. Today will be the last time I battle my brother in these ruins. So… if you die this time, you’ll remain dead forever. Therefore, I am giving you a chance to leave. No strings attached."

They stared at her in stunned silence.

For a while…

Then, Naeve gritted his teeth.

"We came here… to avenge the slain members of our clan… to stand against this monster!"

His voice was full of powerless fury and indignation.

Morgan looked at him coldly.

"You failed."

She sighed, then went about scooping the stew into their bowls.

"Vengeance is a noble goal, Saint Naeve, and I would never advocate something as tasteless as forgiveness. However, there is some wisdom to what people say — before you embark on a journey of revenge, you should dig two graves... one for your enemy, and one for yourself. Fools tend to believe that this saying admonishes revenge as a path to self-destruction, but I disagree. I rather see it as a warning that those seeking revenge must be prepared to die if they want to succeed."

Morgan handed Naeve a bowl of steaming stew and looked him in the eye.

"So, are you prepared to die? I think you do… I know you do, since I saw you die a hundred times. However, don't you have a family out there in the waking world? What will happen to your daughter if you die? What will happen to the survivors of the House of Night if all three of you die? Shouldn't you concentrate on protecting the precious things you have left instead of avenging the things you lost?"

She did not really care about whether Naeve lived or died that much. But... his daughter was cute. So, Morgan did not want to see the little girl lose her father on her account.

The Saint of Night looked at her with dark intensity.

"...You did not seem to care about that when you made us your cannon fodder, Lady Morgan."

She smiled.

"That was because I believed I had a better cannon back then. But things have changed."

Morgan sighed.

"Go, return to the waking world and forget about my brother. The remains of your clan are with the government now — they'll need Saints to guide them across the oceans. The House of Night may cease to exist, but you might rebuild it as well. The decision is yours."

She turned her gaze to the government Saints.

"And it was a pleasure to fight side by side with the three of you. Really, it was quite spectacular — not that I had expected anything less from my sister's companions. But everything good must come to an end. The government will be in a precarious situation once the war ends, since it won't be needed anymore... since Earth won't be needed anymore. The winner won't care about the waking world. So, the waking world will need you."

They glanced at each other, something strange revealing itself in their eyes for a moment.

Morgan ignored their strange gazes and summoned a beautifully crafted, flawlessly clean spoon into her hand.

Picking up her own bowl, she said:

"Eat. The food is getting cold."

The six Saints looked at her somberly, then at each other. Eventually, though, they picked up their bowls as well...

No one else had a set of Memory utensils, of course, and the ones they used were quite appalling.

The meal passed in dead silence.

Morgan suspected that this would be the last time

they shared food, which made her feel a little wistful. But only a little.

After the meal was finished, she went away to give them some time to discuss things among themselves — not too much time, though, since her brother would undoubtedly attack soon.

By the time she returned, the decision seemed to have been made.

Naeve, Bloodwave, and Aether looked at her silently for a while.

Eventually, the youngest — Aether — gave her a small bow.

"Lady Morgan. We will be departing."

She smiled at him faintly.

"Better not waste any time, then."

He hesitated for a few moments before nodding stiffly.

"I... I hope we will meet again, one day."

'The bastard. You should not have rejected me if you were going to act sentimental.'

With that, the three Saints of the House of Night left. They returned to the waking world, disappearing from the moonlit ruins without a trace.

The emptiness they left behind felt larger than

Morgan had anticipated.

She lingered for a bit, then shifted her gaze to the three government Saints.

It was a bit surprising that they were still here.

Morgan raised an eyebrow.

"Not leaving?"

They remained silent for a while.

Soul Reaper Jet was leaning on the crumbling wall, looking at the fire lazily. Raised by Wolves was sitting on a piece of rubble, tossing his famous Memory — the Black Beast Locket — into the air and catching it again absentmindedly, a strangely somber expression on her usually lively face.

Nightingale was studying Morgan, as if searching for something.

Eventually, it was Raised by Wolves who broke the silence:

"My family home is in Bastion, you know."

Morgan gave her a curious glance.

"But your family is safe and sound in NQSC. Does it really matter?"

She smiled darkly and did not respond.

Instead, Nightingale asked, his voice as pleasant as always:

"Lady Morgan... the war is about to end, is it not?"

One way or another."

She looked at his obnoxiously handsome face and shrugged.

"The final battle should be happening any day now... it might even be raging as we speak."

He hesitated for a few moments, then asked:

"Why are you giving up, then?"

Morgan smiled bitterly.

What did he know? That fool...

"I have not given up. It's just that... I already lost."

In the next moment, though, her smile turned cold and sharp.

"That is no reason to surrender, however. No matter what happens, I intend to defend Bastion until I die."

'Or until my brother dies... that would be much better.'

Nightingale looked at her with a hint of sadness in his eyes.

His voice was like honey: 

"I'd prefer if it you didn't."

Morgan gave him a strange look. 

She lingered for a few moments, then shook her head in bewilderment.

"What do I care about your preferences?"

Nightingale remained silent for a while, then looked up and let out a heavy sigh.

"No, you don't understand... I'm afraid I must insist."

Morgan frowned.

'What does he…'

Before she could finish the thought, however, Nightingale looked at her and said, a strange firmness finding its way into his beautiful voice: "I am truly sorry, Lady Morgan. But... please don't move."

And as he spoke, an eerie power suddenly constrained Morgan, crushing her like a vise and paralyzing her body.

Obeying his command, she froze.




***
Chapter 2227: The Dragon and the Princess


***






Nightingale told her to cease movement, and so, Morgan found herself unable to move.

It was as if her body had turned into an ice sculpture. She could still breathe, but nothing more than that… his clear voice had easily crushed her defenses, seeped past the barriers erected by her potent Memories, and caught her completely by surprise.

'Such power…'

Morgan attempted to disobey the overwhelming finality of his command, desperately struggling against her own body. But it was of no use.

She was completely and utterly at his mercy.

'Ha… ha-ha…'

Vulnerable as she was, Morgan mostly felt amused. There was more than a fair bit of indignant disbelief in her heart, as well, but no fear — not only because she was not a person who felt fear easily, but also because she found herself not caring that much about what would happen to her.

Still…

Sure, she had failed to remain vigilant at all times, turning a blind eye to the potential threat presented by her supposed comrades. Perhaps it was because she had stayed with them for so long, and had experienced so much, but Morgan allowed herself to lower her guard around them — forgetting that for these three, most of the time they had shared amounted to merely a single day.

She had also been conserving essence in preparation for the final battle against her brother, and so, the more powerful of her defensive Memories were not even active.

And… she was exhausted…

However, the fact still remained. It was too easy to forget sometimes because of how nice he seemed, but Nightingale… he was a terrifying man, that slayer of dragons. Or rather, he had the potential to be terrifying, simply choosing not to abuse his dreadful power.

'But what is he trying to do?'

Morgan doubted that Nightingale would have struck a deal with her brother. So was it some misguided scheme to save her life against her will? To whisk her away to safety, whether she wanted to or not? Knowing the man… no, even for him,it would have been too ridiculous and infantile.

She was not sure, and infuriatingly enough, she could not even ask. All she could do was stare at the charming bastard with cold fury burning in her eyes.

Nightingale met her sharp gaze without looking away, a hint of regret apparent in his firm gaze. A few moments later, he sighed and turned to his companions.

"I won't be able to hold her for long. But it should be long enough."

Raised by Wolves scoffed and caught her black locket one last time, rising from the piece of rubble. Soul Reaper pushed herself off the wall and came closer, studying Morgan lazily.

Morgan felt a chill run down his spine under that relaxed gaze.

Jet clicked her tongue and glanced at Nightingale.

"That's great, but what are we supposed to do with her? Simply killing her is not an option... I presume. Even though, gods know, she deserved to die for all the vile crap she and her clan are guilty of."

Morgan stared at her with dark amusement, undisturbed by the threat of being killed and the stark accusation both.

'Not a rescue, then…'

They wouldn't be considering disposing of her if it was. So what the hell were they planning?

Nightingale shook his head.

"We are not killing her."

Soul Reaper sighed with regret.

"What, then?"

He hesitated for a few moments, then shrugged.

"I'll just take her with me. It will… probably be alright."

Jet looked at him with a dubious frown.

At that moment, Raised by Wolves spoke in a subdued tone:

"Whatever. If Kai says that it will be alright, then it will be alright. We don't have any time to waste, anyway… Cassie is not responding after giving us the signal, which means that things are not going great out there. None of us expected that the day would come so soon, and in such a strange manner. But now that it did, there is no way back. Each of us knows what we must do — so, take Morgan and leave. Before her brother shows up."

Nightingale and Soul Reaper looked at her with concern.

Eventually,Jet spoke softly:

"Are you sure that you can do it?"

Raised by Wolves looked at her for a few moments, then grinned.

"Worry about yourself, big sister. I'll be fine."

Morgan observed them intently, trying to understand what the three were trying to achieve. Were they retreating, but leaving Raised by Wolves behind? Why?

The woman, meanwhile, looked at Nightingale and remained silent for a bit.

Then, she grasped his shoulder for a moment and pushed him away.

"Go. I'll be fine… let's all meet in NQSC when it's all said and done. Actually, let's meet in Bastion — I know an amazing café there. Not as well as Nephis knows it, though… wait, did she take the café with her?"

Nightingale took a few steps back from her push, remained silent for a second, and then smiled.

"Are you really thinking about food even now? No... of course you are."

With that, he rose into the air and moved further away.

Soon, a magnificent dragon with scales the color of the midnight sky towered above the ruins, his eyes shining like two cold white stars.

Morgan still couldn't move — in fact, the moment Nightingale assumed his Transcendent form, she felt that the power binding her grew even more inescapable.

'Damn it…'

She had just barely managed to move one of her fingers slightly when Soul Reaper grabbed her unceremoniously and lept on the dragon's back.

Two enormous wings raised a hurricane, and the great beast shot into the dark sky.

Leaving the ruins behind…

Morgan saw a glimpse of Raised by Wolves, who was left standing alone on the rubble. Athena followed the dragon's flight with her gaze for a few moments, then turned away and faced the distant forest… where Mordret was preparing to besiege Bastion one last time.

The ruins swiftly grew smaller, and the empty lake did, as well, soon disappearing from view.

Morgan had finally left the ruined castle after fighting to defend it for so long… the battle for Bastion was over.

At least it was for her.




***
Chapter 2228: Cloak and Dagger


***






Left alone in the ruins of true Bastion, Effie sighed and summoned her spear, leaning on it as she waited for Mordret to come.

Despite having just eaten Morgan's stew — which was surprisingly delicious, almost as if the cold princess had cooked it specifically to suit Effie's taste — she suddenly felt hungry again.

Hunger was an old friend…

'Ah, what a strange day.'

Today was a strange day for everyone, but it was especially so for Effie, because she was experiencing it differently from Jet and Kai.

That was because not too long ago — or rather, many days ago — a familiar voice had resounded in her mind, urging Effie to secretly return to the waking world. That had happened soon after Jest of Clan Dagonet attempted to kill Cassie, while she was on her way to be captured by the Queen of Worms.

Back then, the seven Saints had all been ready to face Mordret and his Transcendent vessels once again. Effie placed her tether in the ruins of true Bastion, then used the commotion to leave the Dream Realm unseen. She rushed to the rendezvous point Cassie had mentioned, expecting to meet the blind seer herself.

However, instead, the person waiting for her in an abandoned underground factory in the outskirts was none other than the Lord of Shadows.

Effie returned to true Bastion after their meeting was concluded. Next thing she knew, she traveled back in time by a few hours — meaning that she had entered the loop, died, and returned to its start like everyone else, gods knew how many times.

It was just that she retained her memories from before entering the loop for the second time now, which included the few hours of her first experience there, the meeting with the Lord of Shadows, and the things they had discussed.

Stranger still, the signal she was supposed to receive days, or maybe even weeks after the meeting was already resounding in her head. Cassie's voice was weak and distant, as if she was struggling to pierce through some kind of interference to warn Effie, and she swiftly fell silent after delivering the message.

It was so confusing that Effie's head hurt, but having been taught a bitter lesson by the Tomb of Ariel, she tried not to think about it too much.

There was no time to think about anything too deeply, anyway.

Effie had shared what she learned with Jet and Kai, and an hour later, here she was.

All alone in the creepy ruins.

Looking down, she studied the Black Beast Locket with a tense expression.

'Can I really pull this off?'

Somewhere in the illusory Bastion, an illusory moon was rising above an illusory castle. Once it rose high enough, a doorway between reality and the mirage would open in the heart of the ruins.

Effie forced herself to smile.

"Gods. What a mess…"

***

The black dragon tore the vast expanse of the dark sky, the pale light of the shattered moon reflecting from his midnight scales. He flew with incredible speed, devouring distance with insatiable hunger. Perched on his back, Jet and Morgan were assaulted by powerful winds.

Morgan was still paralyzed, but she could see where they were headed. Nightingale was flying south, leaving the lands surrounding the ruined castle far behind…

He was flying toward the Stormsea.

Soon enough, they left the broken lands behind.

The crossing was sudden. One moment, they were surrounded by moonlit darkness, and the next, a pale light of dawn was bathing them in lilac splendor. The eerie visage of the shattered moon was gone, replaced by an empty and seemingly mundane sky.

The world below was covered by the canopy of an ancient forest, and a river cut across it like a twisting ribbon.

'...Why are they heading to the sea?'

Before too long, Nightingale folded his mighty wings and plummeted toward the ground. Landing in a forest clearing, he remained motionless for a moment.

Morgan was surprised to see Soul Reaper stand and jump from the back of the dragon, landing softly on the grass.

Straightening, she turned and looked up at the great beast.

The dragon opened his maw, and an otherworldly voice escaped from it, speaking strangely human words:

"...Good luck."

Soul Reaper grinned darkly.

"Don't worry. I have two attempts, remember?"

Nightingale remained silent for a few moments. Then, his mesmerizing voice resounded above the clearing once again:

"Return alive."

She laughed and turned away, waving a hand at him.

"That... might be problematic."

Morgan was feeling more and more bewildered, failing to understand why the three government Saints were splitting up, and what exactly was their goal.

Before she could really scrutinize all the available information, though, the dragon spoke directly to her:

"Hold tight, Lady Morgan."

She could finally move again.

…Frustratingly, it was only to fulfill his second command.

As Morgan grasped the midnight scales, Nightingale soared into the sky once more. He flew south, flying faster and faster…

Then, she felt it.

The unmistakable sensation of traveling between worlds.

Suddenly, the landscape below changed. The ancient forest was gone, replaced by the endless expanse of concrete, glass, and alloy — by the vast labyrinth of NQSC.

'He returned to the waking world?'

Just as Morgan thought that, though, she felt the fabric of reality ripple around her once again, and NQSC disappeared like a mirage.

An alien sky surrounded her from all sides now, full of frigid winds and dancing snow.

'He… used his tether. Wait!'

Her eyes widened.

Nightingale had come with her to Bastion. But before that… he had been anchored in the Song Domain.

And he had never replaced his tether.

Looking down, she saw a stone city clinging to the slope of a towering volcano. A great bridge connected the volcano to a snowy mountain, and at its end, a magnificent palace of black obsidian stood, surrounded by a raging blizzard.

It was Ravenheart.

'What…'

Morgan's chest swelled with wariness and fury.

There was even a sense of betrayal.

Was Nightingale going to bring her as a gift to Song?

Was their mysterious scheme nothing more than a ploy to switch sides and ingratiate themselves to the Queen of Worms?

The dragon flew above the city, then fell through the blizzard, landing heavily on the great bridge. His terrifying talons scraped agaist the ancient stone, and a moment later, Morgan suddenly found herself suspended in the air.

The dragon had disappeared.

As she fell down, Nightingale — now in his human form — caught her, held her in his arms for a second, then helped her stand.

He was wearing his armor of ivory scales, already summoning his weapons.

The black palace… and its guardians… were just ahead of them, obscured by the raging snowstorm.

Morgan was suddenly able to move again.

'What the hell is going on? Ah... I don't even know anymore…'

It definitely did not seem like Nightingale was preparing to surrender.

Instead, he looked at her, hesitated for a few moments, and said:

"Lady Morgan, I know that it will sound presumptuous, after what we've just done to you. But I… would really appreciate your help."

She looked at him darkly, considering cutting his head off right then and there.

It would be a bit sad, to rob the world of that face… but also quite satisfying.

Of course, she did not forget to activate all her defensive charms, determined to not fall into the trap of his voice so thoroughly once again.

"Help with what? What exactly are you three planning?"

Nightingale remained silent for a bit, then looked in the direction of the dark palace tensely.

Finally, he took a deep breath and said:

"Well. I... intend to conquer Ravenheart."

Morgan blinked, struggling to maintain her composure.

Nightingale, meanwhile, continued.

"Most of Song forces are far away in Godgrave, but I have no doubt that the Queen left a few of her most powerful puppets behind. There are the human defenders to consider, as well… it will be a dire battle, no doubt.

I am determined to win it even if I have to fight alone, but I would feel much better if you were fighting by my side."

He turned to her, hesitated for a moment, and added awkwardly:

"I am sorry for taking the chance to face Mordret away from you. But, Lady Morgan. There can still be a silver lining — after all, he has not won yet. And even if you failed to stop him from taking Bastion, wouldn't helping conquer Ravenheart instead be a kind of victory, as well?"

Morgan stared at him silently.

The Queen of Worms had sent her brother, Mordret, to conquer Bastion — the Great Citadel of Clan Valor. Morgan herself had been sent back to stop him… but Nightingale was offering her to help him conquer Ravenheart, the Great Citadel of Clan Song, instead?

That… that…

Was deeply ironic and completely insane, but also made a strange kind of sense?

It would not be an easy thing to accomplish, though, with or without her.

Morgan raised an eyebrow.

"What about the other two, then? What are they doing?"

Nightingale looked at her with surprise.

He lingered for a few moments, then said neutrally:

"Why, what else? Effie is in Bastion, while Jet is approaching Night Garden. They are going to conquer the other two Great Citadels, of course…




***
Chapter 2229: Great Citadels


***






Ravenheart was not undefended, of course.

However, every Saint of the Song Domain was out there, on the battlefield — and even if some of them could return to the seat of the Queen's power in mere minutes by traversing the waking world, they had not done so yet.

Perhaps something that prevented them from returning was happening in Godgrave at the moment. The news Morgan received from the battlefront was usually a few days old, and if Cassia was involved, Nightingale could very well be better informed about the current situation now than she was.

The moment of attack would not have been chosen randomly.

In any case, what met them at the gates of the magnificent black palace was a force consisting of mere Awakened warriors led by Ascended commanders — much like the rear garrisons that had protected Rivergate and Bastion before Morgan and her six Saints… formerly her Saints, rather… showed up.

And the Queen's puppets, of course.

Nightingale was well-known in Ravenheart, so while the human defenders of the black palace were surprised by his impactful arrival, they were not immediately hostile.

Until they noticed Morgan, that was.

The puppets, on the other hand, were hostile from the very first moment.

Strangely enough, the gates of the black palace were open, and the Dream Gate that was supposed to be standing on the slope of the volcano was now towering above the stone bridge itself, behind Morgan and Nightingale, its immense silhouette obscured by the snowstorm.

The two of them had nowhere to retreat.

As the puppets rushed onto the great bridge and the human defenders readied their weapons, Nightingale's voice drowned out the howling of the wind, full of irresistible authority.

He only said one word:

"Stop."

The humans froze, turning into motionless sculptures. Morgan felt a faint pang of compassion for their humiliating plight, but she did not have time to dwell on that unexpected emotion.

Because the puppets ignored the Dragonslayer's command,continuing to rush at them like a tide of murderous corpses. Well, it made sense — after all, the pilgrims were merely extensions of the Queen's power. Nightingale's Aspect might have paralyzed Morgan in a moment of weakness, but she doubted that Ki Song would succumb to its insidious compulsion.

He looked at Morgan earnestly.

"Lady Morgan... if you will…"

She stared at him for a moment, still unsure what to do… was she supposed to kill him? Or help him?

Morgan felt a little exasperated.

Finally, she turned toward the rushing puppets and muttered a curse. As she dashed forward, scarlet sparks swirled around her hand, forming a vague silhouette of a sword.

"Curses!"

Her sword was still manifesting itself when the first of the pilgrims reached her. So, Morgan cut the corpse apart with her bare hand — it fell easily, hinting that the Queen was not paying close attention to these particular puppets.

For now.

Looking up through the snow, she regarded the motionless figures of the garrison soldiers for a split second. They were not going to offer any resistance.

'...He's not planning to conquer Ravenheart without spilling a single drop of human blood, is he?'

Perhaps he was.

A moment later, the tide of puppets was upon them, and Morgan had no time to think anymore.

***

Far away, near the misty shore of the Stormsea, Jet came into view of the Night Garden.

The colossal ship was still beached, laying tilted on the shattered ground where Mordret had left it.

…Of course, he had not left it unguarded.

Somewhere out there, on one of the countless decks of the city-sized vessel, a Reflection was laying in wait, ready to slay those who would dare to covet the Great Citadel. And a powerful one at that — a being equal in strength to a Supreme Titan.

Jet had to defeat it and conquer the Night Garden.

Exhaling slowly, she headed toward the gargantuan ship with a dark smile blooming on her lips. As she walked, a cold mist surrounded her figure,turning into a sinister war scythe.

'Can I defeat a Supreme Titan?'

Probably not. However, there was a reason why she was here, and not in Ravenheart or Bastion.

It was because Jet had a unique advantage in the battle against this particular

Supreme Titan. It was a Reflection, after all.

And a Reflection could only reflect what was in front of it.

Once the two of them clashed, the creature would most likely mirror Jet — which meant that it would suffer the curse of her Flaw, as well. Its soul would shatter and start leaking essence, and eventually, it would die on its own. All she had to do was force the Reflection to waste its essence while rationing her own... something Jet was a great master of, by now.

She also had her Aspect Legacy and the souls contained within it, which she could consume if needed.

And the hourglass Memory, as well.

Even if Jet lost once, she would get a second chance to destroy the Reflection. That time, she would already be familiar with the flow and pattern of the battle.

'Ah… I really hate ships…'

Reaching the hull of the Night Garden, which seemed to extend into the distance like an endless plain, she turned into a stream of icy mist and rushed up its towering slope.

***

Effie was still leaning on her spear when Mordret arrived. She knew he was coming because of how the ground trembled under the heavy footsteps of his vessels… Typhaon, Knossos, and all the rest.

She had battled them all at some point or another during the siege of Bastion. Apparently, she even destroyed most of them at least once inside the loop… that time was gone now, of course, erased forever, and she retained no memories of these legendary battles.

Which was a bit of a shame, since Effie would have really loved to remember striking down that ugly behemoth, Typhaon. Or rather, striking down Mordret while the bastard was wearing Typhaon's corpse.

Soon enough, gargantuan silhouettes rose above the ruins,and the Prince of Nothing jumped down into the desolate courtyard from the rubble of the castle's wall.

He walked toward Effie with an amused smile on his lips.

"Saint Athena…"

Mordret looked behind her, lingered for a moment, and raised an eyebrow.

"Would you be so kind as to point me to where my sister is? We have some unfinished business, she and I."

Effie studied him for a bit, then shrugged.

"Please accept my sincerest apologies, Your Highness, but I regrettably cannot. She is indisposed. Oh, but you can talk to me instead."

Mordret laughed.

"Don't tell me that she ran away? Gods… must I chase her like one would a frightened rabbit? Well, honestly, that can be quite entertaining as well. Nevertheless, I can't help but feel a bit disappointed."

He looked at Effie with a pleasant, chilling smile.

"I must admit that I am curious, though… if Morgan is gone, then why do you remain?"




***
Chapter 2230: Lord's Gift


***






Effie moved slightly, shifting her weight away from the spear to be able to raise it quickly, if need be.

Looking at Mordret calmly, she said:

"Actually, I'm also curious. Why are you still wasting your time here? Don't you know that your father is currently fighting Ki Song? If you don't hurry up and make yourself scarce, she'll kill him all on her own. That'd be pretty sad, right? I mean, since you're obsessed with revenge to a demented degree."

Mordret's smile widened a little.

"Oh, thank you for your concern. To be honest, I'll be pretty inconsolable if someone kills him before me. Incensed, even… and very, very cross with the person who robbed me of the pleasure of killing him myself. No need to worry, though — I'll depart for Godgrave as soon as I'm finished here."

He looked at Effie with an openly disdainful expression.

"...Shouldn't take me long to sort things out, anyway."

She grinned.

"You say that, but in all these years, you've never once dared to try crawling into my soul. Everyone goes around being all scared of Your Royal Highness, Prince Mordret of Nowhere, but I always suspected that you're all talk and no bite… well, figuratively speaking. You know, some of us were actually hunting Nightmare Creatures and fighting for survival each and every goddamn day while you sat around in a perfectly safe prison cell, doing nothing."

Effie chuckled.

"Even Morgan is better than you — and she literally carries her silver spoon wherever she goes, mind you. She was brave enough to leave her soul wide open, at least… and yet, what have you done despite receiving such a brazen invitation? Nothing at all. In all these months, you had not challenged her to a soul duel. Why, because doing so would have actually put your life at risk? The rest of us have to take that risk all the time, you know. Aren't you nothing but a coward?"

Mordret continued to look at her with a pleasant smile.His strange mirror-like eyes seemed to shine in the darkness with the pale radiance of the reflected moonlight, making him look quite eerie.

"How unexpectedly eloquent. Are you per chance stalling for time, Saint Athena?"

Effie smiled darkly.

"...Oops. You caught me."

He shook his head.

"Quite a clumsy attempt. What is your plan, anyway? Surely, you are not planning to fight me and my distinguished collection of Transcendent attires alone. That'd be a bit too much, even for someone as unwise as you."

There it was, the moment of truth.

The moon must have already climbed quite high above the illusory Bastion.

Effie took a deep breath.

"It sounded like you called me a fool. If a madman calls someone a fool, though, that ought to be a compliment... right? Oh, by the way, Your Highness… I wanted to ask. Do you remember the Lord of Shadows?"

Mordret's smile grew a little forced.

"The Lord of Shadows? Ah, I do… he gave me quite a fright, the last time we met. An unusual man, to say the least. What about him?"

Effie shook her head slowly.

"Well, it seems that you left an impression, as well. Enough so that he wanted to send you a little gift."

Surrounded by the towering figures of his Transcendent vessels, Mordret allowed himself to frown slightly.

"A gift, you say? He shouldn't have."

As his vessels moved, Mordret asked pleasantly:

"What is the present?"

Effie took a step back as she activated the Black Beast Locket and summoned what was hidden inside it into the world.

'I can't believe I let that creepy bastard talk me into this…'

Her locket contained the Beast Farm, and it sometimes served as a mobile base for the Wolf Army, as well.

At the moment, however, there was something else taking residence there.

Something that made her skin crawl, and cold sweat run down her spine. As if she was sitting on a bomb.

Effie flashed Mordret a wide smile.

"Oh, nothing much… well, see for yourself."

In the next moment,something massive appeared on the rubble between her and Mordert, obscuring him from view.

It was a towering mountain of grey flesh overgrown with scarlet moss, a hundred revolting limbs extending from it like a dreadful forest.

The moment it escaped the locket, Effie suddenly found herself unable to breathe.

A terrifying presence crashed into her, pressing her into the ground. Her eyes widened, and an involuntary groan escaped from her lips.

She couldn't even look directly at the creature, afraid that her mind would be harmed by what she saw — not that she would, determined to avoid looking at it at all costs.

Well, it wasn't every day that one found themselves mere steps away from a Cursed Demon.

A Cursed Demon who was already awakening from unnatural slumber, having been somehow lulled to it by the Lord of Shadows.

The forest of revolting limbs stirred, and countless monstrous eyes suddenly opened all across the grey expanse of the harrowing being's formless body.

...Effie was already running away by then, headed for the point in the ruins where true Bastion and its illusory copy were connected.

Mordret, however, was a few moments too late to react. It took him that long to realize what he was looking at, to begin with.

But it was already too late by the time he did — precisely because he had looked.

Because there were creatures in the Dream Realm that could sense someone's gaze, and gaze back.

The Cursed Demon became aware of Mordret at the same time as Mordret became aware of it.

Effie sensed the ruins shudder and felt a deafening noise wash over her as she ran.

'...Don't look back.'

Either the Cursed Demon would kill Mordret, or it would not. Either way, the Prince of Nothing would be preoccupied for a while — hopefully, until the battle in Godgrave ended.

Unleashing a Cursed One in the heart of the Sword Domain was… a suboptimal choice, to say the least.But Effie would be able to switch true Bastion and its illusory version back after conquering the Citadel, thus making the former a prison for the terrifying creature and containing it within the Great Mirror.

They were desperate enough to take the risk, and Mordret was dangerous enough to take no chances.

Using all her incredible physical prowess, Effie ran across the ruins like a bolt of lightning.




***
Chapter 2231: First Domino


***






There was a low groan of breaking bone, and a powerful gust of scorching wind. Somewhere far away, a piece of the battlefield plummeted into the Hollows.

The world quaked.

The King of Swords and the Queen of Worms were still locked in mortal battle, while their armies were still drowning in the flood of the abominable horrors that spilled from the dark depths. The situation was growing more desperate with each minute, and too many human lives were being wasted on the vile altar of war.

The carnage was unimaginable. 

Sunny had manifested his sixth avatar, throwing it into the fight as well. Now, his mind was fully split in eight parts, and six of them were actively participating in the mayhem — it was more mental strain that he had ever endured, and while each of the incarnations was like a dark herald of death, reaping a bloody harvest in the sea of abominations, he was slowly unraveling under the pressure.

He had not unraveled yet, though… and he was not going to break any time soon.

Or ever.

'Just die…'

One of his incarnations used a black tachi to behead a frenzied Nightmare Creature, sending its body barreling back into the fissure it had emerged from with a powerful kick. The bleeding corpse got caught in the tangle of scarlet vines, and a moment later, it was torn apart by the sharp thorns and digested by the rising jungle… perhaps to provide nutrients for more abominations to be born.

[Sunny…]

Cassie's voice sounded clearer than before, hinting that her powers were slowly returning. Sunny hoped that enough of her Aspect had been released, already — he desperately needed to know what was happening beyond Godgrave, because many things depended on it.

Cassie did not disappoint.

[The loop is broken… Bastion has fallen.]

A vicious grin appeared on his face.

'Good… good…'

Jet, Effie,and Kai were the dagger they had prepared to stab the Sovereigns in the back at the perfect moment — when Anvil and Ki Song were already committed to fighting each other and could not allow themselves to be distracted. They were meant to conquer the Great Citadels.

Bastion, Ravenheart, Night Garden…

The purpose of taking them was twofold. First, it would greatly weaken the Sovereigns and diminish the power of their Domains — something that Sunny and Nephis had to achieve if they were to stand a chance against them.

Secondly, it would put all four Great Citadels, the Ivory Island included, under Neph's control as soon as she attained Supremacy herself. After all, while becoming a Supreme was the ultimate goal, that alone did not guarantee victory. A newly risen Sovereign would still be weak when facing the vast, deeply established Domains of the two Supremes.

Naturally, while conquering the Great Citadels had always been the plan, plans changed. In fact, at the level of machination Sunny and Cassie were perpetrating, there was no such thing as a concrete plan — rather, there were only complicated webs of planned actions and contingencies that were only as effective as they were adaptable.

They had never anticipated the fall of the House of Night and Mordret's invasion of the Sword Domain, for example. Neither could they have anticipated Morgan's ingenious feat of locking herself and her brother in an improvised time loop.

However, the web of their designs had proven adaptable enough to weather these unexpected factors… with some adjustments.

One of these adjustments was the sacrifice of the Cursed Demon whom Nightmare had been lulling to sleep for almost a year. Sunny had wanted to use it against the Sovereigns, but because of how insidious and sinister Mordret was, he ultimately placed it in Effie's Black Beast Locket instead.

Not only was it going to ensure that Bastion fell into their hands,it would also temporarily remove the wild card that was the Prince of Nothing from the board and prevent him from playing a meaningful role in the final confrontation against the Sovereigns… most likely.

'Ah. I wish I saw the expression on his face…'

Sunny was smiling, but he felt cold inside.

That was because the fall of Bastion signified something very important.

It was the point of no return.

Now that the time loop was broken, and the Great Citadel was torn from the fabric of the Sword Domain, countless mundane people living there had been rendered defenseless against the tyranny of the Nightmare Spell.

They were not in the throes of the First Nightmare yet — some time was needed for the infection to take hold, after all. Because of the loop created by Morgan, they would have lost the protection of the Sword Domain mere hours ago.

By now, the entire mundane population of the city — people like Beth — would be slowly starting to feel a strange fatigue. Then, they would start feeling sleepy. And they would only be thrown into the Nightmare after succumbing to sleep.

That meant that Sunny and Nephis had some time, still, to defeat the Sovereigns.

More importantly, at least one of them had to attain Supremacy in the process.

Otherwise, even if they somehow emerged victorious from the battle, they would have to pay a terrible price for that triumph.

The death toll would be staggering…

It would be ruinous.

…But the number of Awakened humans would explode exponentially, as well.

That was why Sunny could not help but tremble while he forced a smile onto his face.

'This... this is our will. Who dares...'

And as if to aggravate his horror, Cassie's voice resounded once again in his head:

[...Ravenheart has fallen.]

And, only moments later:

[Night Garden has fallen.]

It was done.

Sunny took a shaky breath, and then sent one of his incarnations through the shadows, emerging from them in the core of the vast sea of desperately fighting humans.It only took him a few moments to reach Nephis.

She was fighting at the head of the drowning army, wreathed in radiant flames and surrounded by ash. With her silver hair, incandescent blade, and white wings, Nephis looked like an annihilating angel... the single gem of the Crown of Down shone with pure light on her forehead, resembling a third eye.

The scorching heat had created an empty space around her, and the soldiers were dozens of meters back, battling the tide of abominations with dark resolve. The surface of the ancient bone was soaked with blood and littered with hideous corpses.

Sunny lingered for a moment, and then said evenly:

"It is done. And we… we can't wait anymore."

Nephis glanced at him silently, then looked in the direction where Anvil and Ki Song were fighting each other.

Neither of the Sovereigns was at the door's death yet, which was not a part of the plan.

But too many people were dying. And Sunny and Nephis were wasting too much essence.

And plans had to change.

He took a deep breath, then steeled his heart. 

"We must attack now."

Here it was. The moment they had been waiting for, hoping for… and dreading… for so long.

Their chance to conquer the world. 

Or die trying.

'Finally.'

Nephis remained expressionless for a few moments, white flames dancing in her eyes.

Eventually, she turned away and looked up.

"Then we attack."




***
Chapter 2232: Cold Front


***






"Then we attack."

There was nothing more to say.

The time for words had run out. 

Nephs crouched slightly, and then shot into the sky. Surrounded by beautiful radiance, she was like a white star ascending into the tempestuous expanse of the stormy sky — the soldiers watched her flight with numb expressions, her pure light reflecting in their eyes.

Far above, the Ivory Island moved. Its seven chains rattled as the flying island dove into the storm of swords, weathering the fury of obliterating steel with indomitable stillness.

Left alone on the ground, Sunny temporarily filled the emptiness left by Neph's departure — his fearsome onyx armor was already awash with blood, and more was added to the crimson coat as he cut down powerful Nightmare Creatures that threatened the core of the human army.

But despite all his deadly grace and chilling strength, the Lord of Shadows was a poor substitute for Changing Star. His sword was just as ferocious as hers, true, and he could slay abominations just as well. However, he could not heal the wounds of the fallen soldiers, and he could bolster their faltering courage with hope either.

But that was alright.

Because Sunny had his own ways.

Some distance away, the original incarnation of the Lord of Shadows — the dark swordsman wearing a fearsome mask — reached one of the wider fissures in the bone, a trail of death and destruction in his wake. His black odachi rose and fell, cleansed of all blood in one swift and fluid motion.

Then, the serpentine blade rippled like a stream of liquid darkness. A moment later, it had already transformed into a long, tenebrous spear.

Sunny looked past the slithering mass of scarlet vines, into the depths of the jagged fissure. He remained motionless for a moment, and then cast his spear down into the darkness.

The spear let out a thunderous roar as it broke the sound barrier, falling into the depths of Hollows.Its dark descent mirrored Neph's radiant ascent into the sky almost perfectly.

By the time Nephis reached the Ivory Island, Serpent pierced the thick canopy of the scarlet jungle and hit the ground with a powerful explosion, a deep crater forming in the spot where it struck the ground.

The jungle was like an inconceivable being that had awoken from deep slumber, teeming with abominable movement and life. Great pillars of intertwined vines were growing at unnatural speed to connect the depths to the surface like tendrils of fleshy tissue. Countless Nightmare Creatures were rushing to climb them, driven mad by the scent of human souls.

Of course, the sudden explosion had not gone unnoticed. Many abominations veered from their paths, approaching the point of impact with frenzied snarls.

What met them was a piercing, eerie chill flowing out of the deep crater. The pit itself was swirling with a strange white haze, and the air above it was so cold that drops of condensate water were falling down like rain.

Tiny sparks were dancing in the pillars of light that poured through the broken dome of the Hollows, glistening like precious jewels.

These jewels… were flakes of snow.

As the eerie chill spread, turning infinitely more violent and tyrannical in a split second, the drops of rain turned into ice, and the white haze exploded from the crater, growing into a furious snowstorm.

Then, a terrifying silhouette rose from the crater.

It was a massive creature of an eerie and grotesque shape, made entirely from ice. The ice was inky and black, but the creature was full of color due to numerous flowers blooming on its surface, their petals an intense azure color.

The contrast between the vibrant beauty of the flowers and the appalling body beneath was striking. Vast plumes of snow drifted from the flowers like pollen, shrouding the creature in a frosty haze. At the heart of the eerie abomination, barely visible through the ice,there was a small shadow that vaguely resembled human remains.

It was Serpent, who had assumed the form of the Corrupted Tyrant… Winter Beast.

Winter Beast, that vile horror.

A long time ago, Sunny had lost his cohort to its profane power.

Later, he returned to the frigid expanse of Antarctica and killed it.

And now that he himself was a Titan, Sunny could finally command that power for himself.

'Freeze, all of you…'

As a storm of swords was raging in the sky above Godgrave, a snowstorm suddenly consumed the dark depths of the Hollows. Chilling winds blew with ferocious power, bending the ancient trees of the jungle to the ground. The streams and rivers turned to ice. Countless vermin were instantly annihilated, frozen solid by the unnatural cold, and shattered as they fell down.

A few of the vine bridges were frozen and snapped, as well. Those that were still rising slowed their growth, sapped of life. Countless Nightmare Creatures plummeted down, their roars drowning in the howling wind.

Of course, the inhabitants of the abominable jungle could not be compared to the refugees of Falcon Scott and the brave soldiers of the First Evacuation Army… they were far more powerful, far more ancient, and far more resilient. Most of them were Corrupted themselves, and far too many were of the Great Rank.

Even exposed to the deathly cold of the Winter Beast's frigid domain, they did not succumb to its icy grasp.

But they did not escape unscathed either. Enveloped by the wind and the swirling snow, the Nightmare Creatures were weakened, wounded, and slowed down.

[You have slain a…]

[You have slain a…]

[You have slain a…]

Distracted by the cacophonous litany of voices, Sunny silenced the Handy Bracelet. He had unleashed a frigid hell in the Hollows, and the harvest of abominable lives Serpent was reaping was uncountable.

And every life Serpent reaped sent a trickle of essence flowing into Sunny's soul due to its [Soul Reaver] Ability.

So,a torrent of essence drowned him like a flood, replenishing his spent reserves.

Much more importantly… 

The soldiers desperately fighting for survival in the sweltering heat of Godgrave suddenly felt a wave of mercifully cold air wash over them, and saw billowing plumes of snow rising from the cracks in the bone plain.

The flood of Nightmare Creatures that threatened to drown them did not exhaust itself, but it did grow less overwhelming. Fewer abominations were emerging from below, and those that did crawl to the surface seemed weakened, covered in ice and moving slowly.

The pressure on the warriors of the two warring Domains was alleviated somewhat, and they could finally breathe… at least for a moment.

Sunny smiled darkly behind Weaver's mask.

Sure, he was not like Nephis, who inspired hope and healed the wounded soldiers.

But he could inspire fear and bring death to the frenzied Nightmare Creatures.

His way was not any less effective.




***
Chapter 2233: Wrath of Heaven


***






Out there on the battlefield, the consequences of the three Great Citadels falling could already be felt.

Anvil seemed strangely unaffected, fighting in the same cold and calculated, ruthlessly callous manner — but he had to have felt his power diminishing greatly when Effie took control of Bastion. 

Strangely enough, though, this significant loss could only help him at the moment… and he was in dire need of help, being pressed and battered by the fierce onslaught of the Queen.

That was because the King only lost one Great Citade, while the Queen lost two. So, while the sudden betrayal of the government Saints did weaken both Sovereigns, it actually served to narrow the gap between them, greatly improving Anvil's position.

One could see the results already.

The towering flesh golem containing the blood essence of the Ki Song staggered, allowing one of the King's swords to deal it a grievous wound. A strange wave spread through the sea of puppets, slowing them down for a few precious moments. Many fell victim to the storm of flying swords as a result.

Most importantly of all, the great fissure of the Dream Gate rippled, and then collapsed on itself, disappearing without a trace soon after. The torn fabric of reality slowly repaired itself — with the loss of Night Garden, the Queen had lost the Component that allowed her to connect two areas of the Dream Realm, as well.

Therefore, not only did the power of her Domain weakened greatly, but its presence in Godgrave was also severely diminished.

Anvil did not waste any time, pressing his temporary advantage and bombarding Ki Song with a maelstrom of devastating attacks… almost as if he had been ready for the sudden reversal.

Her titanic flesh golem, which had seemed indestructible, was slowly coming undone under the barrage of merciless attacks. It was being destroyed faster than she could repair it.

And yet, their battle did not turn any tamer. If anything, it only grew more calamitous.

If before the Sovereigns seemed to be holding back some of their power to defend themselves, then they focused on pure aggression now. The puppets and the flying swords discarded all caution to destroy the enemy, too.

The fractured bone plain quaked and groaned, more pieces of it collapsing into the snowstorm raging in the Hollows. The entire battlefield seemed to be swaying on the verge of collapse.

It could not continue for much longer…

And it didn't.

Because, at that moment, the battered Ivory Island revealed itself from the storm of swords directly above where Anvil and Ki Song were fighting.

And then, in the rattle of chains…

Came the Crushing.

An invisible force descended upon the shattered battlefield, flattening the rising tendrils of the abominable jungle and pressing the Queen's puppets into the ground. Countless swords plummeted from the sky, scraping against the bone before rising up again, their blades trembling from the strain.

For a few moments, the calamitous battle seemed to have frozen.

And, under everyone's gazes, Changing Star of the Immortal Flame descended from the sky, landing softly on the ground between the two Sovereigns.

With her silver hair dancing in the air, she folded her white wings and lowered her incandescent sword. Her clear voice rang above the ravaged battlefield:

"Stop this madness!"

***

"Stop this madness!"

Nephis spoke these words, knowing that they were meaningless.

The Sovereigns would not listen, and she did not want them to listen. All she wanted was to kill them.

How could she not, after waiting for a chance to slay her abusers for all these years?

For all her life…

And it had not been an easy one, that life of hers.

From the broken dreams of her childhood to the blood-soaked battlefield of her adulthood, Nephis had always been driven by a singular, uncompromising desire.

To conquer the Nightmare Spell and destroy it… to obliterate, decimate, and bring it to ruin.

Not because she was a noble hero,but simply because she loathed it. Nephis was consumed by hatred, shaped by it…

She was no hero.

And yet, she had to pretend to be one. Because no one could survive the ruthless world of the Nightmare Spell alone. She needed the support and faith of those who believed in her to destroy it, just as much as they needed her… and she needed to obliterate those who stood in her way.

That was why the Sovereigns had to die. Not because they had ruined her family and haunted her childhood nightmares like monsters, but simply because they were... inept. They might have been great and brilliant once, but they had lost their way.

One did not exclude the other, though.

Today, she was going to remove an obstacle on the path to fulfilling her ardent desire.

And she was also going to have her revenge.

Looking at them — the proud King in his vermilion cloak, the Queen hiding inside her grotesque golem — Nephis could feel it.

A roaring flame igniting in her soul, drowning her mind, and engulfing her heart.

The flame of wrath, the flame of hatred.

Scorching, overwhelming... impossible to deny.

And so, telling them to stop felt like torture, because Nephis wanted nothing more than to carve their souls and bodies with her sword.

These ghouls… she had endured tolerating their existence for too long.

Today, they were going to die. Her will was absolute.

Looking at her, Anvil suddenly let out a low chuckle.

"And what if we don't stop, Nephis?"

She looked at him, lingered for a moment, and then pointed her sword at him.

"Then, I will stop you."

There was more she had to say… an entire speech, in fact, that Cassie and Sunny had prepared far in advance. A clever argument that listed all the crimes the Sovereigns had committed, advocated for the safety of the Awakened soldiers, hammered down the senselessness of a civil war, and painted a rosy picture of the future.

For everyone interested to hear.

But Nephis could not wait anymore. She had waited for too long, already.

Words were cheap, anyway. Her actions would speak louder.

Anvil looked at her silently, then asked in a cold voice:

"Is it really wise, to point a sword that I myself forged at me?"

With that, her sword — the Kinslayer — suddenly moved on its own. Flying from her hand, it rushed to Anvil and turned to point at her own chest, hovering above his shoulder.

Just as expected. 

Nephis smiled as she dismissed it.

"If you insist… I'll kill you with a better sword, forged by a better smith…"

She summoned the Blessing.




***
Chapter 2234: Darkness Falls


***






Far away, one of Sunny's incarnations was sitting on the steps of the Nameless Temple.

The small camp the soldiers sent to him by the Sword Army had built was empty now. They had been recalled and left for Vanishing Lake to participate in the clandestine attack on the Lesser Crossing Stronghold… which never took place, in the end.

By now, they were out there on the battlefield, trying to survive in the cataclysm caused by the Sovereigns. Many of them were probably dead, torn apart or turned into puppets.

The Nameless Temple was eerily quiet. 

Sunny had spent a long time alone here, but he usually had the company of his Shadows. Saint, Fiend, Serpent, Nightmare… they were on the battlefield too, helping him hold back the tide of abominations.

He felt strangely lonesome despite the sleeping army of Great Nightmare Creatures hidden in the darkness behind him, and the invisible presence of the Temple Guardian.

Of course, his solitude was not destined to last. His shadow sense spread far and wide, encompassing the dark expanse of the Shadow Realm's Fragment. That was why he could already feel it… the ragged force of the Song soldiers approaching him from the north.

And their commanders, of course.

Lonesome Howl, Death Singer…

He could not sense Silent Stalker, though, which meant that she was already somewhere close, aiming her arrows at him.

Sunny did not move.

Finally, the soldiers entered the empty camp, shivering as the eerie silence enveloped them.

The daughters of Ki Song were the first to reach the dark edifice of the temple. They stopped, staring at him with tense expressions.

In the end, it was Lonesome Howl who spoke:

"Lord of Shadows… we meet again."

Her voice was boisterous, but he could feel a hint of fear hidden deep within it.

Sunny tilted his head a little.

"You were sent to take the Nameless Temple, then?"

She smiled.

"Sure. It's a bit funny, though… oxymoron, or what have you.Your Citadel is called the Nameless Temple — that's its name. So it's not very nameless, is it?"

He hesitated for a moment, amused.

"Perhaps. So, tell me, what's the logic? Last time, I beat thirteen of you. Now there's only three. Are you that impatient to die?"

Lonesome Howl's smile faltered for a moment, then brightened again.

"Ah… but most of you is far away. So, I like our chances."

Her bravado was ruined by Death Singer, though, who chose that exact moment to yell:

"Death! Oh, death! We're all going to die! I sense it!"

Sunny stared at her for a moment, smiling, then shook his head.

"Well… naturally. Everyone dies one day. Only the Void is everlasting — so, I guess you are right."

Death Singer fell silent and looked back at him with wide eyes.

"I'm… right? Me? Uh… can you repeat that, Sir Lord of Shadows? Louder?"

With that, she turned her head and glanced at Lonesome Howl vindictively.

Sunny chuckled.

"...Sorry to disappoint, though. You're not dying today."

It was time.

The Nameless Temple had long accumulated enough essence to travel, and the stage was set for the Lord of Shadows to make his entrance.

As Sunny rose to his feet, he saw the daughters of Ki Song, and the soldiers behind them, flinch.

He smiled behind the visor of his helmet.

"Oh, but you might become orphans..."

With that, he activated the Component of his Citadel and envisioned the calamitous battlefield.

As the warriors of Song watched him warily, readying themselves for the lethal battle against the terrifying Saint of Godgrave…

The ancient edifice of the dark temple turned hard to focus on.

And then, they were suddenly blinded by bright light.

"Argh!"

Lonesome Howl raised a hand to cover her eyes and swayed.

A way of familiar heat washed over her.

When she could see again, an expression of shock appeared on her face.

The Nameless Temple… was gone, as if it had never existed at all.

And with it,the unnatural darkness that veiled this entire region of Godgrave had disappeared as well.

In front of them, there was nothing but a white expanse of bone, ending in an abyssal drop to the distant spine of the dead deity.

Above them was the radiant veil of clouds.

"W—what the hell?"

The Lord of Shadows and his Citadel… were gone like a mirage.

And almost at the same time as they disappeared from the southern edge of the Breastbone Reach, they appeared on the northern edge, in the middle of the battlefield, right below the Ivory Island.

The Fragment of the Shadow Realm traveled with the Nameless Temple, as well. Sunny had not been able to move it before, and he could not do it now either — however, he wagered his hopes on a trick. By anchoring the Fragment to his Citadel, he had hoped that moving the Citadel would result in the vast shroud of darkness moving with it, too.

Luckily, it had worked. The fractured bone plain was suddenly enveloped by deep shadows, obscuring the distant sky. The shadows swallowed it all — the shattered bone, the scarlet jungle, the sea of puppets, the storm of swords, the flood of Nightmare Creatures... and the drowning army.

And the Sovereigns, as well.

Now, their trap was complete.

Serpent was raging below the Sovereigns, hidden in the heart of a profane snowstorm.

The Ivory Island hung in the sky above them, pressing the two into the ground with the obliterating power of the Crushing.

The Fragment of Shadow Realm was all around them. As a piece of a Divine Domain — albeit one belonging to a dead god — it possessed a power of its own, and that power was suppressing the Domains of the two Supremes.

And they had lost a lot of that power already — both during the war and when the three Great Citadels were stolen from them.

There was the Nameless Temple itself, too, its invisible guardian, and the Great Nightmare Creatures slumbering in the cool darkness of its great hall.Sunny and Nephis had done all they could to give themselves a chance to defeat the King and the Queen... to vanquish the Sovereigns.

Now, all they could do was fight.

Standing on the steps of the Nameless Temple, no more than a dozen meters away, Sunny looked at Anvil with cold arrogance.

His voice sounded aloof... 

"She's talking about me, by the way. I'm the better smith."




***
Chapter 2235: Feeble Flame of Hope


***






First came the cold.

Then came the darkness.

It rose from below, swallowing the land, devouring the heavens, and blotting out the light of day…

The soldiers, who had been tormented by blinding light and suffocated by heat for many long months, let out sighs of relief and basked in the cool embrace of shadows. Luminous Memories swiftly ignited above the drowning army, and they fought against the rising tide of Nightmare Creatures with renewed vigor.

Of course, it was a bit strange for snow to rise from the Hollows and for deep darkness to envelop the world… but the soldiers had seen and survived too many bizarre events here in Godgrave to care about yet another one. All of them, both those who had Awakened before the Chain of Nightmares and after it, were seasoned veterans now. They had been honed and tempered by the war, experiencing enough horrors to make them numb to eerie strangeness.

All they knew was that the Lord of Shadows had something to do with it, and that he was assisting Changing Star.

Changing Star herself was out there, far away in the distance, standing between the King and the Queen. Her radiant figure was like a pure white beacon in the ocean of darkness, and although few could hear her speak, everyone understood what she was doing… attempting to do.

She was trying to stop the mad battle between the two Sovereigns to spare the dying soldiers and save them all. The last daughter of the Immortal Flame had always been the voice of reason in this appalling war — in fact, she was the only one who had protested against it. And now, her voice was their only hope.

Perhaps the Supremes would listen…

  If not, perhaps Changing Star would find another way to end the war. 

That faint hope burned in the hearts of the desperate soldiers, and they clung to it desperately, even while knowing full well how futile it was. Hope was a resilient thing, after all… it was far more resilient than reason.And there was fuel nurturing its feeble flame, as well.

The advance of the liberated jungle, which had threatened to drown the two great armies minutes before, was slower now. The dreadful battle of the Supremes, which had threatened to destroy the very ground beneath them, temporarily came to a halt.

For a few moments, the soldiers allowed themselves to believe in salvation…

But then, as they cast their gazes ahead, to where Changing Star was standing, their expressions changed.

Their eyes widened, and their faces became twisted by horror.

***

Not long before that, Sunny walked down the steps of the Nameless Temple, looking at Anvil coldly.

At the same time, a bright flame flared from Neph's hand, forming into a beautiful silver blade. The Blessing flared to life, its incandescent radiance fusing with her own and making it much more brilliant, thus causing the surrounding shadows to grow deeper.

Anvil did not pay Sunny attention, staring at the brilliant sword as if enchanted by it.

"...You forged this blade?"

His voice was full of a strange, subdued emotion.

As Sunny walked down the steps, his incarnations rose from the shadows behind him. One, two, three… eventually, seven identical figures in fearsome black armor stepped onto the weathered bone.

Seven cold voices resounded like a choir, fusing in an eerie harmony:

"Yes."

"No."

A quiet laugh resounded above the fractured battlefield, and six incarnations of the Lord of Shadows suddenly turned into six rivers of pure darkness, flowing into the seventh. As they were absorbed by it, his usually subtle presence grew impossible to ignore, brimming with a cold and sinister power.

The darkness, which had seemed impenetrable before, turned even deeper and more unfathomable.

As the shadows wrapped themselves around him, Sunny smiled behind Weaver's Mask. Having been scattered around the Dream Realm for so long,he had missed the feeling of being embraced by his shadows… he had grown tired of not being able to enjoy his true power. Now that he enjoyed the familiar boon of sbeing augmented by his invaluable helpers, the future seemed a little brighter.

"I am not going to enjoy killing you, King of Swords."

Anvil stared at the Blessing for a few more moments, then turned to Sunny.

"No, you won't."

His next words were addressed to Nephis:

"So, are you really going to challenge me as a mere Saint, girl? How bold… how brave. How misguided."

Nephis regarded him calmly, brilliant radiance burning under her skin.

Her voice crackled with the furious roaring of an annihilating flame:

"You're just a Sovereign."

Anvil chuckled.

At the same time, the flesh golem moved, and every puppet on the vast battlefield simultaneously turned their heads, all staring at Nephis with empty eyes.

The nearest of them opened its monstrous mouth and spoke, its voice resounding above the fractured plain. A moment later, another dead abomination continued, their hollow, inhuman voices brimming with chilling amusement:

"Ah… I am feeling ignored. Don't you have any words to spare for me, as well, little Nephis?"

Neph shifted her gaze and looked at the grotesque flesh golem, white flames dancing in her eyes.

Her tone did not change.

"You should have killed me a long time ago. Now, it's too late."

With that, she spread her white wings and prepared to attack.

The Crushing was pressing the Sovereigns into the ground, but it was sparing her and Sunny. Controlling it with such precision was not easy, and would not be possible for much longer — but in that short time, the physical power of their terrifying enemies would be severely diminished.

Sunny and Nephis had to use that time to if not kill, then at least gravely wound the Sovereigns.

However, fate had other plans in store.

As Sunny reached into the shadows, shaping them into a weapon, Anvil raised his sword.

His voice was cold and even."If you want to face me, girl, face me yourself. Don't rely on toys."

With that, the cursed blade hissed, cutting the air.

Sunny wanted to dodge, but the strike was not aimed at him. Neither was it aimed at Nephis.

Instead, Anvil seemed to be cutting the sky.

And something in the sky was severed.

Looking up, Sunny could not help but flinch.

'How…'

His hand trembled.

Out there, in the sky, the Ivory Island…

Was falling.




***
Chapter 2236: Heir of Peace


***






The Ivory Tower… Tower of Hope… had been built by the Demon of Desire, and became her prison later. Of course, a prison capable of containing a daemon could not have been fragile — the great pagoda and the island it stood upon had weathered Hope's thousand years of imprisonment, the Doom Warn, and countless years of desolation that followed.

So, even Anvil of Valor was not powerful enough to destroy it.

And he didn't.

Instead, he cut the very concept that held the Ivory Island in the air, temporarily throwing the sorcery that allowed it to fly into disarray.

The island plummeted down, its massive shape tilting as the seven torn chains rattled loudly. The placid lake resting on its surface spilled over the edge, forming a vast waterfall. The bones of the dragon that lay curled around the great pagoda moved, tearing the ground.

Far away, the soldiers were terrified by the sight of the symbol of their hope falling from the sky.

Sunny's eyes widened.

'Crap!'

The massive island was falling… and the Nameless Temple was situated directly below it.

  The shadows stirred, ready to arrest the island's fall. Sunny had stopped a walking mountain once… for a few moments… and he was much stronger now. And yet, he was not sure that he would be able to stop the falling mass of the flying Citadel. 

The Ivory Island did not crash into the Nameless Temple, though. Before it could, an invisible presence rose above the dark edifice and barred its path, causing the entire island to shudder and chase course. It veered to the side, tilting, and hit the bone plain heavily hundreds of meters away.

The battlefield trembled. The world quaked...

The ancient bone crumbled.

Countless tons of shattered bone plummeted into the billowing clouds of snow, and a massive hole formed in the ground where the Ivory Island struck it. The Island itself crashed through the fractured plain, pulling more of the battlefield crumbling down with it,and sank into the cold darkness of the Hollows.

Soon enough, it disappeared from view, leaving a jagged chasm many kilometers across on the surface of the Breastbone Reach. Everything inside was obscured by snow, but a few moments later, another terrifying impact shook the world as the flying island broke the canopy of the abominable jungle and collided with the ground.

The snow was pushed into the dark sky...

And a lone figure was revealed on the edge of the vast chasm, rising unsteadily from the shattered bone.

It was a slender young man with porcelain skin and attractive features, wearing a black mantle and a dazed expression.

He was Master Sunless… the charming enchanter whom Changing Star had brought to Godgrave as a Memory Purveyor of the Fire Keepers.

Her infamous lover.

Anvil looked at him with disdain, then glanced at his adopted daughter.

"...I'll take this toy from you, as well. To help you rid yourself of unnecessary distractions."

Before Nephis could even move, one of his seven dreadful swords shot forward with terrifying speed. It moved so swiftly, and with such daunting power, that space itself seemed to rip around its chillingly sharp blade. The sword reached its victim in the blink of an eye, poised to pierce the delicate Master and turn his body into a cloud if crimson haze… 

But instead, something that even the King of Sword could not have expected happened, causing both Sovereigns to halt.

The dazed enchanter raised his arm in a seemingly unhurried fashion…

And caught the dreadful blade with his bare hand.

The snow behind him exploded in all directions, torn apart by a devastating shockwave, and the hems of his mantle danced in the air. The young man himself, however, did not even sway, standing there motionlessly like an exquisite statue.

As the hurricane wind settled, he looked at the sword trapped in his seemingly weak hand, and his beautiful face was suddenly illuminated by a faint smile.

"...Ouch."

As he tightened his grasp,cracks appeared on the dreadful blade, and then it shattered into a myriad of scarlet sparks.

Taking a calm step forward, the charming enchanter shook his hand in the air under Anvil's dismayed gaze.

"Seems like her toys are of much better quality than yours, King of Swords… if I do say so myself."

With that, he grinned shamelessly.

A moment later, something even more astonishing happened.

The terrifying Lord of Shadows — the sinister Saint whose dark and dreadful power was only equal to the chilling mystery of his true identity — suddenly turned into a swift shadow that glided across the surface of the shattered bone and happily wrapped itself around the charming enchanter's body.

Suddenly, he did not look weak anymore. His pleasant smile disappeared, replaced by a dark and chillingly cold expression.

"That said…"

As he took the next step, a fearsome onyx armor encased his body, and a frightening black mask of a snarling demon hid his beautiful face.

"...I'm a little mad now."

A dark odachi suddenly appeared in his hand, and he pointed its tip at Anvil.

"How about we settle it with swords, heir of War?"

Anvil lingered for a moment, then dismissed his helmet, smiling with dark satisfaction.

"As you wish, heir of Peace."

A moment later, he was already upon Sunny.

Almost at the same time, the titanic flesh golem lunged at Nephis.

Now that the Ivory Island had disappeared below ground, the Crushing was not slowing them down anymore.

And neither was it hindering the legion of the dead puppets and the storm of flying swords anymore.

The battlefield, which had grown still for a few short minutes, exploded with motion and violence once again.

But before the Queen's puppets and the King's swords could descend upon Sunny and Nephis…

Something moved in the darkness behind the open gates of the Nameless Temple.

A moment later, a litany of harrowing roars suddenly drowned the vast expanse of the fractured battlefield.

The darkness stirred,and the first of the Great abominations that Nightmare had lulled to sleep lunged from it in a maelstrom of terrifying claws and fangs, followed by another, and another…

The swarm of dreadful Nightmare Creatures slammed into the puppets, and a feast of carnage unlike anything Sunny had ever seen suddenly took place on the surface of the shattered plain.




***
Chapter 2237: King of Swords


***






The swarm of Great Nightmare Creatures escaped the gates of the Nameless Temple like a monstrous tide. Their grotesque and harrowing forms loomed in darkness, and the darkness bloomed with the frenzied scarlet flames of countless hungry eyes.

A terrifying litany of bestial wails shook the world.

A moment later, countless fangs sank into dead flesh and countless claws shattered enchanted steel. There were beings among the liberated Great Ones who resembled beasts, and there were those who defied description. Having shaken off the shackles of the Dream Curse, these dreadful creatures were overcome with fury, hunger, and the chilling scars left on their souls by the endless nightmares.

The dead puppets, the flying swords, and the ancient predators of the abominable jungle — these three armies clashed on the fractured battlefield, unleashing a devastating wave of violence.

Sunny was not a Sovereign, but his army of abominations was not that inferior to the other two Supreme forces. Of course, there were far fewer of them than there were of the Queen's puppets and of the King's swords. But each Great Nightmare Creature was far more powerful than most individual minions of the Supremes were, and as a result, the carnage of their onslaught was simply chilling.

There was a simple trick to why Sunny was able to match the Sovereigns as a mere Transcendent, in that regard…

It was because, unlike them, he had no control over his army whatsoever.

Nightmare had spent more than a year slowly lulling the Great Ones to slumber, but now that they broke free, Sunny had no power over the harrowing swarm of frenzied abominations at all. They were just as likely to devour him as they were his enemies… so, he would be wise to stay away from his own monster.

Perhaps it would have been even wiser not to unleash scores of Great Nightmare Creatures in close proximity to himself, but there was no putting this particular genie back in the bottle.

 In any case, he had done what had to be done. The abominations would stall the sea of puppets and the storm of swords for some time, at least — giving him and Nephis time to deal with the Sovereigns in person. 

Or be dealt with by the Sovereigns, instead.

'How thrilling…'

Anvil was already a split second away from descending upon Sunny in all his harrowing might. However, at that moment — strangely enough — Sunny found himself neither shaken nor wary. Instead, he was curious.

How would he fare in the battle against a Supreme?

This was the first time Sunny felt his true power as a Titan. His original body and the Onyx Mantle encasing it were both augmented by all seven of his shadows, making him feel strong enough to crush entire mountains under his palm. His speed, his endurance, his resilience — all of him was empowered by the embrace of shadows, becoming…

Titanic.

Beyond that, he was also being nurtured by the Fragment of the Shadow Realm, pushing his physical prowess even further. Essence flowed into his soul like a river, both from being surrounded by the purest form of his source element and because of Serpent waging war on the scarlet jungle below…

And much as Sunny was empowered, Anvil was suppressed.

'Do I stand a chance, I wonder?'

The first attack came faster than lightning. It was so fast, in fact, that Sunny could not even see it — he could only sense it through the movement of shadows. Time seemed to slow down to a crawl, and the snowflakes froze in the air, shining like cold stars in the night sky as they reflected Neph's brilliant radiance.

Anvil's cursed sword descended upon him like an ill omen, twisting the very space around it…

And moving through the frozen time, Sunny dodged it with the practiced ease of a master swordsman.

Sidestepping the attack, he pushed himself forward. At this speed, the air itself was like a wall barring his path — Sunny shattered that wall easily and thrust his odachi into Anvil's unprotected face.

Cold contempt glistened in the Sovereign's grey eyes.

'Ah… I made a mistake.'

Ignoring the laws of inertia, Anvil's sword instantly changed direction and transitioned to a horizontal slash from a downward cut. He struck Sunny with the flat of the blade, causing a crack to appear on the surface of the Onyx Mantle and sending Sunny staggering back. A dull pain radiated through his abdomen, and he tasted blood on his tongue.

There were rules to swordsmanship. The footwork, the human anatomy, the application of force — however, Anvil commanded a force that broke all the rules, refusing to obey any law that had not been made by him. He could control metal itself, and therefore, his sword could move in any direction he wanted, at any speed.

His body was encased in a suit of steel armor as well, and therefore, observing his footwork was of no use.

"Let me show you swordsmanship, worm…"

Hearing Anvil's indifferent voice, Sunny smiled faintly.

'Crap.'

In the next moment, a barrage of attacks descended upon him like a steel storm. There were too many of them to count, and each carried the devastating power of a Supreme. Anvil's assault was inescapable and tyrannical, as if the sky itself was falling upon Sunny.

The cursed sword the King held in his hands was the most vicious, but the six blades levitating around him were no less deadly. The shattered bone cracked under Sunny's boots as he evaded and dodged, then exploded a moment later when the cuts aimed for his body bit into it with obliterating force.

Sunny's black odachi deflected a few strikes and blocked a few more, then was cut cleanly and crumbled into a stream of shadows. A new sword appeared in his hand almost instantly — then, four more arms were formed from shadows, each grasping its own blade.

He survived the barrage of attacks, somehow, realizing with a shudder that the eternity of murderous steel he weathered only lasted for a heartbeat.

And that there was one last wave of attacks he could not escape.His blades were broken, and his shadow hands were severed.

The cursed sword flew toward him, with nothing to stop it from piercing his heart.

…Just before it pierced him, though, Sunny simply dissolved into the shadows and stepped out of them behind Anvil, delivering a crushing blow to the Sovereign's back.

'What is it with this guy and calling all his enemies worms?'

Sunny grinned behind Weaver's Mask.

"How about I show you swordsmanship, instead?"

As Anvil used his Aspect to right his body and turn, the six dreadful swords becoming a sphere of rustling steel around him, Sunny switched his stance and channeled a flowing and unpredictable battle style — the first style he had ever learned.

The style Nephis had inherited from Broken Sword, and he inherited from her.

Anvil's eyes darkened.




***
Chapter 2238: Unassailable


***






Anvil of Valor was perhaps the most brilliant warrior of his generation… the most brilliant warrior of those who were still alive, at least.

He had been born and bred to be the epitome of martial prowess, spent decades fighting bloody battles on countless battlefields, led glorious conquests of numerous vast regions of the Dream Realm, and solidified the rule of the Great Clan Valor over the world with his sword and his hammer.

In some sense, he was the personification of the Second Generation. He was powerful, he was fearsome… he was tyrannical and domineering.

But Sunny was a terrifying presence on the battlefield himself. And, as one of the most powerful Awakened warriors in history, he was more than worthy enough to represent his own generation.

The Third Generation was harder to describe than the previous two. The members of the First Generation had survived the descent of the Nightmare Spell and built the foundation of a new world order. The Second Generation, having been the first to be born into the ruthless world of the Nightmare Spell, grew up to subjugate it and build upon that foundation.

The Third Generation had not been shaped by such distinct events, and neither had it achieved anything as noteworthy. Perhaps what had truly shaped it was the fall of North America — and the previous two generations of Awakened, as well.

So, today, the members of the Third Generation were going to distinguish it by vanquishing the very people who had shaped it. The future was fighting against the past, longing to escape its iron grasp.

…As Sunny attacked, his Transcendent Battle Art fully revealed itself. His movements were swift and flowing, guided by his shadow sense instead of vision. His sword was fierce and vicious, carrying the weight of a mountain or turning light as a feather the next moment. Each attack was ruthlessly lethal and imbued with dreadful power, causing devastating shockwaves to shake the world after each strike.

Sunny himself was sinister and elusive, freely moving between the shadows. It was as if he was in several places at the same time… even if he wasn't, the shadows themselves moved and flowed, turning tangible and deadly at times. Sadly, the manifested shadows could not compare with his titanic power, and were easily destroyed by Anvil without managing to even slow him down.

 Anvil was stronger, faster, more resilient… 

But not by much.

Sunny grinned as he felt it. Sure, he was inferior to the tyrannical Sovereign in terms of raw physical power, but the gap between them was not that vast — it was quite narrow, in fact. As if the true advantage the Supremes possessed lay mostly in their connection to their Domains, and since the Shadow Realm Fragment was suppressing that connection, Anvil was devoid of his usual strength.

And yet…

Despite being narrow, the gap seemed impossible to bridge.

'Damn it!'

Every single one of Sunny's strikes was either blocked, deflected, or calmly evaded. Every single movement, no matter how fast or forceful, was predicted and turned against him. Despite his ferocious power and titanic strength, Sunny was struggling with all his might, while Anvil remained seemingly unbothered.

Full of disdain, even.

"This style… did she teach you this style? It seems that the two of you had known each other for much longer than you let on."

Sunny gritted his teeth behind Weaver's Mask.

"She wasn't the one who taught me, and we don't know each other at all..."

Anvil smiled coldly.

"No matter."

Pushing Sunny's sword aside, he moved forward. Sunny fled into the shadows, but by the time he escaped them, Anvil's fist was still poised to strike him in the chest.

A terrifying blow sent a shockwave running through Sunny's body and threw him back. The breastplate of the Onyx Mantle cracked, only to mend itself a moment later — augmented by seven shadows, the [Living Stone] trait of his stonelike carapace had grown immensely potent.Anvil looked at Sunny darkly, then shook his head.

"Not metal, but not stone either… an Underworld armament, then. Did you think it would save you?"

Sunny suppressed a groan, raising his sword to attack.

"I might have entertained such a thought, yes…"

Anvil possessed the ability to control metal, and that power was not limited to his own swords and armor. He could just as easily control the weapons of his enemies, as well — fortunately, Sunny's armor was made from the strange material that was closer to stone than to metal while inheriting traits of both. His weapons, meanwhile, were made from shadows.

Nephis wore no armor at all, and the Blessing was like a blade forged from furious flame. So, both of them were immune to Anvil's power.

That was not something Sunny had relied on to save him, though. It was just one of the measures he had to take to give himself a chance.

'But why is he so strong? It doesn't make sense!'

As Sunny attacked and Anvil defended, unbothered, almost as if entertaining himself, they moved across the shattered battlefield. Sunny lunged forward to deliver a deadly thrust, but Anvil simply moved out of the way. The two of them crashed into a crowd of puppets, and carried by momentum, Sunny tore through them like a beast made of pure darkness.

The bodies of the puppets were too fragile to offer any resistance to his dreadful might. As he arrested his forward momentum and turned on the ball of his foot, he saw clouds of crimson haze and tiny pieces of torn bodies spreading outward in the air slowly, as if suspended in water.

Before the first drop of blood even hit the ground, Sunny and Anvil had already exchanged a hundred more blows, moving away like a rolling disaster.

'I think... I can sense it.'

All this time, Sunny had been learning how Anvil fought through Shadow Dance. The Sovereign's battle art was deep and complicated... strange, even, impossible to fathom in a short amount of time. But now,he was starting to realize why the King of Swords seemed so unassailable despite not being that much stronger.

There, in the very essence of his battle art, being used as a weapon…

Was the Will.

And while the two of them fought, Sunny was learning how to wield the Will as a weapon, himself.




***
Chapter 2239: Vibrant Colors


***






The fractured battlefield quaked as Sunny landed on the white bone, instantly dashing away with a thunderclap. Surrounded by a billowing mantle of shadows, he was like a formless mass of darkness that moved around the formidable figure of the King of Swords, aiming to end the King's life.

His black sword was like an omen of death, and at any moment, his dark mantle could bloom with tendrils that shot forward at dire speed, turning into sharp blades, clawed hands, or rattling chains.

The blades aimed to pierce Anvil's armor, the inky-black hands tried to pull him down, and the chains tried to bind him.

However, instead, they shattered against the dark steel of his impenetrable armor, were cut down by his swords, and were torn to pieces by his ferocious strength.

'What a bastard.'

If the shadows Sunny manifested had been more effective against his Supreme enemy, he would have already encased himself in a Shadow Shell, bringing its immense might down upon Anvil. But for now, there was no point — the Shell would just offer a larger target to the King of Swords, and would be destroyed swiftly.

'It is… it is like…'

It was as if Sunny was stuck in a mire. That was what it felt like, to fight against an enemy who had long forged their Will into a deadly weapon — like the quiet horror of a person slowly drowning in cold mud, unable to claw their way out or find purchase.

That was because the world itself seemed to be on Anvil's side, bending to accommodate his Will. Sunny had not noticed it at first, but once he recognized the wrongness, it was impossible to ignore it.

 The effect was subtle, but unmistakable, turning the King's swords sharper while Sunny's weapons became duller, making the King's armor more durable while Sunny's armor became more fragile, helping the King strike true every time while Sunny always seemed to miss his target by a hair's breadth. 

'The Will…'

Sunny possessed the Will, too, and wasn't completely unfamiliar with wielding it.He even tried to unleash it against Anvil's will, hoping to bend the world back into shape — not even to favor him, but simply to remain neutral. However, he felt like an infant trying to overpower an adult.

The distance between them was too vast.

He could sense it, too, what Anvil was doing… and yet, Sunny had no words and no concepts to describe or understand what he was sensing.

It was as if he was a blind person who had somehow managed to fathom what colors were, while Anvil could mix the colors to paint a vibrant, beautiful picture with his brush.

Sunny felt bad. Sunny felt indignant.

Why did he have to feel like he was drowning while experiencing his full power for the first time?

'Ah… it's driving me mad.'

The world was suddenly consumed by blinding radiance as Nephis unleashed a roaring torrent of white flame some distance away. Sunny could not spare any attention to observe her battle against the Queen, but he did catch glimpses of it from time to time.

Nephis had already assumed her Transcendent form, appearing like a spirit of light in the deep darkness of the Shadow Realm Fragment. Her pure radiance spread far and wide, illuminating the dark sea of puppets and the rustling storm of swords above…

Her beautiful figure was dwarfed by the gargantuan flesh golem, though, moving in the air as she dodged the devastating attacks of the Queen. From a distance, it looked like a human was chasing a shining firefly across a dark abyss — however, that firefly had a vicious bite, searing the eerie creature with blinding rays of incandescent light, each of them hundreds of meters in length.

The incandescent rays were soul flame channeled through the Blessing, condensed and shaped by its radiant blade. They cut and burned the flesh golem at the same time, perhaps even evaporating some of the river of blood that flowed with the hideous creature…

But then again, the Queen's vessel was not that hideous anymore. As she fought, it continued to change and shift,assuming a more human form. The towering being still looked like a monster born from a feverish nightmare, but it also possessed an eerie, chilling kind of grace now, moving across the fractured battlefield with a ferocious and merciless sense of purpose.

The wounds dealt to her by Neph's flame were erased in mere seconds, not leaving even a trace.

The other dead Titans had broken free by then, too. One had been torn apart by a particularly dreadful Great abomination, and another one was turned into a mountain of bleeding flesh by the flying swords… but the rest were already destroying Sunny's rabid army, killing and consuming the ancient predators of the abominable jungle in a variety of gruesome ways.

'We are all holding back.'

Even as his armor broke and repaired itself, as he was assaulting Anvil like a whirlwind of deadly darkness, Sunny knew that the four of them had not gone all out yet.

They were probing each other, for now, learning the ways of their enemy.

Sunny was benefiting from this short introduction the most, because Shadow Dance allowed him a unique insight into Anvil… into learning the way a Sovereign fought.

What a Sovereign was.

But it wasn't going to last much longer.

Because he could see it, already…

Anvil was growing bored.

Even though it wounded his pride and sent shivers running down his spine, Sunny saw that his enemy had only tolerated their battle in hopes of experiencing something amusing.

But his hope was slowly being crushed by the lack of challenge Sunny offered.

It was disheartening to see.

So… what was the point of holding back?

The bone plain shuddered as the head of an enormous serpent suddenly revealed itself above the vast chasm.

At the same time as it appeared, a tenebrous steed suddenly rose from the shadows behind Anvil, biting down with adamantine fangs, while a graceful knight in intricate onyx armor stepped out of the darkness in front of him, bringing down her black sword on his head.Considering Anvil's power over metal, Sunny entrusted Fiend with another, equally important task — defending Rain against the abominable jungle. Saint and Nightmare, however, were enough to give Anvil pause.

And that pause was enough for Serpent to turn into a black odachi, landing into Sunny's hand a moment later.

He was learning to wield the Will from Anvil…

But that did not mean that he could not cheat.

[Slaying Blade] Ability Description: "When in its Soul Weapon form, Soul Serpent embodies the Death aspect of Shadow God. As such, it ignores the will of greater beings.

As his Shadows held the Sovereign in place, Sunny took a step forward and brought his odachi down in a downward slash, the power of his strike causing the air itself to part in a towering rift.




***
Chapter 2240: Flawless Blade


***






Sunny's sword parted the air, creating a wind blade dozens of meters tall. It slammed into the surface of the weathered bone with a thunderous roar, sending a cloud of debris flying up…

However, the wind blade was a mere side effect of the black odachi falling upon Anvil. Held in place by Nightmare and Saint, he had nowhere to escape — two of his seven swords bounced off Saint's shield, too, creating a breach in the sphere of rustling steel.

Sunny's sword plummeted into that breach, and for a moment, he allowed himself to believe that it would strike down a Sovereign.

No… not really.

Taught by countless bitter experiences, Sunny knew that victory never came so easy.

And indeed, against all reason, Anvil managed to survive.

At the last moment, he shook off Nightmare, sent Saint staggered back, and turned his torso.

As a result, the black odachi failed to end his life…

It did, however, bite into his breastplate.

 Anvil's dark armor seemed impregnable before, but this time, it was actually breached. The glancing blow did not penetrate deep, but Sunny felt it cutting flesh. 

As his sword scraped against the surface of the ancient bone, a drop of blood fell off its serpentine blade.

Anvil took a few steps back and looked down, at the long cut on his armor. A moment later, the black metal repaired itself — but the shallow laceration beneath remained.

Looking up, he studied Sunny for a few moments, then smiled coldly.

"You actually made me bleed. No one else has managed in a decade."

Sunny smiled behind Weaver's Mask, hiding his discomfort.

"Bleeding? Bah. How pedestrian."

The King of Swords chuckled.

"That sword of yours is curious, too. Soul serpents are supposed to have gone extinct thousands of years ago, and yet here it is… the last survivor of its species. I wonder how the Nightmare Spell preserved it."

Sunny, Saint, and Nightmare surrounded Anvil from three sides, but he did not seem concerned. Instead, he looked… almost elated."You are not as big of a disappointment as I thought."

His cold voice turned darker then, sending a chill running down Sunny's spine.

"You still have to die, though."

Sunny smiled darkly.

"Oh? Why, pray tell?"

Dismissing four of his seven swords so that only three remained, Anvil lingered for a few moments, then said evenly:

"Because you are a threat to my greatest masterpiece, of course."

With that, something changed subtly about the world.

In the next moment, Sunny gasped.

Two of Anvil's swords shot at Saint and Nightmare, while the Sovereign himself was suddenly near Sunny. His cursed blade lashed out, bypassing the black odachi and piercing the Onyx Mantle.

A flash of pain washed over Sunny's right arm.

Anvil avoided his counterattack with chilling ease and looked at him coldly.

"I spent decades forging that sword, you know…"

Sunny dove into the shadows, but Anvil's sword reached him in their dark embrace, as well, gifting him another wave of blinding pain.

Rolling out of the shadows, Sunny staggered to his feet and raised his odachi in a desperate attempt to defend himself.

"Crazy bastard… you are not talking about Nephis, are you?"

The corner of Anvil's mouth moved slightly.

"Who else? I will admit, I was late to realize her potential… but after she returned from the Second Nightmare alive, I saw it clearly. It was like a revelation. Everything fell into place, and I knew what I had been waiting for all these years."

Sunny was suddenly overcome by an insatiable desire to rip that man apart. He had only been aiming to kill Anvil before — but now, he wanted to kill him slowly, and viscerally, with his bare hands.

But Anvil did not give Sunny a chance to bask in that fury, battering Serpent aside and leaving a deep cut on his left shoulder. The cursed blade scraped against the bone, making Sunny growl in pain.

"In hindsight, it was me who had tempered her into the flawless blade that she became.From a lost little girl to the radiant star she is now… it was me who had shaped her, sharpened her, guided her. It was me who had forged Changing Star into what she is today."

Sunny was too appalled to process every word Anvil was speaking, so he simply tried to stop the next blow. However, Anvil simply crushed his block, leaving a deep gouge on his right thigh.

"And now, finally… the perfect sword I forged is close to being complete. It is just that you, disgusting thing, are blemishing its blade. But that is alright. A small stain can be easily removed."

Sunny let out a stifled scream as Anvil's blade bit into his side.

And at the same time, he realized something important…

'He's completely insane.'

The King of Sword had always been reserved and taciturn, so it was hard to see. But his severe and cold personality went beyond simple strangeness — what hid behind it was true, utter madness. Sunny did not know if it was the result of becoming Supreme or simply Anvil's own mental disfigurement, but his enemy was far removed from sanity.

Sunny also understood something else — it was that Anvil truly did not care about anything, including winning this battle. All he cared about was creating a flawless sword... or a flawless being that was no different from a sword, it seemed.

So, in a perverse way, he even hoped to lose.

Because after failing to forge his own children into perfect weapons, he had fixated on Nephis, the daughter of Smile of Heaven, as his best and last hope of creating a flawless… sword.

He had said that Nephis was almost complete, which meant that she had not proven herself flawless yet — there was one last act that remained for her to achieve completion, in his twisted mind.

The act of killing him, no doubt.

'He's completely insane and suicidal.'

And all of it was the result of Anvil's debilitating Flaw. A chilling, but reasonable conclusion of his ruthless pursuit to rid himself of all attachments.A lot of things that seemed odd before suddenly made sense.

Sunny groaned mentally.

'That's great, but…'

Sadly enough, Sunny himself was not part of Anvil's plan to give Nephis one last, deadly trial — whether she could prove herself worthy and survive or not. In fact, as far as the King of Swords was concerned, Sunny stood in his way.

Marring the pure beauty of the nearly flawless blade with his vile presence.

So, Sunny had to be purged.

Staggering back, he forced out a pale smile.

"Your Majesty, King Anvil… I want to say something. You are clearly, definitely not a complete damn lunatic…"




***
Chapter 2241: Fleeting Star


***






After listening to Anvil reveal the depths of his madness, something inside Sunny switched… or maybe snapped. He was not sure.

There was a line that could not be crossed, and hearing the King of Swords boast about brutalizing an innocent child… Nephis… as if it was some kind of crowning achievement had crossed the line for Sunny.

A storm of emotions raging in his heart settled, and a swarm of thoughts weighing on his mind was quelled. All that remained was a cool, silent darkness of uncompromising killing intent.

Before, Sunny had been worried about how to kill Anvil and survive.

Now, he only cared about killing him…

No, caring was not the right word. It suggested the possibility of a different outcome, but Sunny knew without a shadow of doubt that his enemy would die… it was an axiom, a self-evident truth. All he had to do now was shape the world to fit that truth.

That was something he could handle.

Sunny was the most honest man in two worlds, after all.

His body was wounded and pulsing with pain, and his enemy was superior to him… his enemy was Supreme. But it did not matter.

 'Life is just the prelude to death…' 

As two of Anvil's dreadful swords forced Saint and Nightmare back and the Sovereign himself descended upon Sunny, he allowed the cursed blade to pierce his armor and sink into his flesh. The pain was exquisite.

Grabbing Anvil's wrist, Sunny smiled behind Weaver's Mask.

'...and war is just the key to open its gates. Got you, bastard.'

When he spoke, his voice sounded sinister and full of malice:

"Do you feel at home on this battlefield, heir of War? Well, allow me to invite you into my world then."

With that, he strengthened his grasp…

And pulled Anvil into the shadows.

***

Some distance away, Nephis was locked in a dire battle against the Queen. The titanic flesh golem pursued her with eerie grace and bestial fury, and all she could do was flee,retreating further as further while lashing out against the monstrous creature with searing rays of pure white flame.

The Blessing was complimenting her Aspect flawlessly.

Now that she had assumed the form of the radiant spirit, her bound sword seemed to be forged from pure light as well. Just like Nephis herself was augmented by the titanic power of her soul flame, its incandescent blade was augmented by the white flames too… in fact, it benefited from their ferocious power even more due to the [Flame Conduit] trait.

The very same trait allowed Nephis to channel her fire through the blessed blade, condensing it into incinerating rays that span hundreds of meters in length. That was how she was able to contend against the towering flesh golem despite being much smaller, and that was how she had managed to deal it grievous wounds.

Sadly, those wounds simply healed a few moments after being dealt. The scorched flesh was discarded, and the cut tissue was repaired. The Queen never slowed down, never faltered, and never let up her fearsome assault.

Nephis raised her sword once more.

Her world was stark and pure, devoid of all distractions. There was only her and her enemy… everything else was washed away by pain.

The harrowing agony of her Flaw was familiar, but the pain of having her body and soul ravaged by the talons of the flesh golem was new.

Nephis was able to move incredibly swiftly in the radiant spirit form, soaring through the carnage of swords as she circled the Queen and evaded her obliterating attacks — but she had not managed to evade all of them. Usually, she would have been able to heal any wound dealt to her, and this partial Transcendent form of hers was more or less immune to physical attacks, anyway…

However, every time the Queen managed to strike Nephis, there were gruesome marks left on her body and on her soul… on her very spirit, perhaps. As if she was being cut not simply by the Queen's talons, but also by her Will.

'It hurts…'

But pain was just pain.

More importantly, Nephis was overcome by suffocating wrath because of how powerless she was in the face of Ki Song. Nothing she did dealt any lasting damage to the eerie flesh golem, while the marks left on her by Ki Song were refusing to heal.

She was losing.

Some distance away, Sunny seemed to be slowly succumbing under the steel storm unleashed by Anvil, too. Further still, the two great armies were slowly melting in the flood of abominations — the snow still swirled in the fissures of the ancient bone, but the Shadow that had summoned it was already gone, having turned into a serpentine sword. The jungle was yet to recover, but it would shake off the frigid frost soon.

The Great Nightmare Creatures that had escaped from the Nameless Temple were dying.

Time was running out for Neph's defiant rebellion — and for the great armies as well, perhaps.

She could feel it, even through the pain…

The flames of their hope, which burned brighter and brighter still the deeper countless soldiers fell into the dark, dreadful abyss of despair.

'There is no point in holding back anymore.'

Nephis poured her flames into the Blessing once again and swung her incandescent sword, unleashing a blinding jet of condensed flame from its blade. The white ray stretched high into the dark sky and then fell, leaving a deep wound on the Queen's titanic body.

Using the momentary lull in the barrage of attacks, Nephis dashed away, flying high above the fractured battlefield.

She had almost reached the edge of the massive chasm that had been caused by the Ivory Island's fall when the Queen caught her. Nephis twisted and summoned a devastating explosion, using the shockwave to slow down the flesh golem's attack — however, its enormous hand still reached her, the sharp talons tearing her flaming body apart.

A flower of white flame in the dark sky as fire leaked from her gruesome wounds like blood.

Suppressing a scream,Nephis forcefully contained the fire and coalesced her torn form back into its previous shape, then used her momentum to circle around the Queen. Before the flesh golem could turn, she delivered another cut — this one aimed at the ankle of the titanic creature.

'Fall!'

The ray of light sliced cleanly through the Queen's leg. The wound would heal itself moments later, no doubt, but for the moment, the flesh golem had lost its balance.

And as Nephis dashed forward, using herself as the epicenter of a violent explosion, another shockwave slammed into the titanic creature…

Sending it stumbling over the edge of the chasm, into the billowing white veil of swirling snow.

As the Queen plummeted into the depths of the Hollows, Nephis hovered above the chasm, shining like a radiant star in the boundless darkness of the vast starless sky.

Then, she aimed the blade of the Blessing down…

And ignited her soul.




***
Chapter 2242: Shining Depths


***






As Nephis felt the indescribable agony of her soul cores shattering and the ocean of flame contained within them escaping like an incinerating white inferno, she opened her mouth to scream.

However, what escaped it was not a scream, but a thunderous melody of True Names being evoked by a Shaper to bend the world to her will.

The True Name of Fire, the True Name of Destruction…

Her own True Name, as well. The name of Changing Star, the Star of Ruin.

And the name of the Queen.

Ravensong.

A brilliant star suddenly ignited in the dark sky above the snowy chasm.

It was so bright and pure that even the soldiers in the distance could not help but turn their heads and look, her light reflecting in their frightened eyes.

Then, a pillar of flame escaped the blade of the Blessing and plummeted into the vast expanse of swirling snow, burning a hole in it. The snow melted into water, the water evaporated, and the steam was overheated, turning into plasma. The air itself was burned away, creating an area of absolute vacuum.

 All of it happened in an instant. 

Then, the pillar of flame disappeared, extinguished by the darkness, and for a moment, everything was still.

And then…

It was as if a sun was born under the fractured battlefield.

Suddenly, the billowing cloud of snow veiling the depths of the vast chasm shone with beautiful white light. The same soft light rose from the countless jagged cracks that marred the surface of the shattered bone plain, chasing away the darkness.

The Hollows became a source of pure radiance. It was as the dark depths of Godgrave had somehow switched places with its blinding sky, with light pouring from below and darkness looming far above.

Everything was still for a brief moment… and in that moment, the soft radiance pouring from the cracks in the ancient bone gradually turned more intense, and then more intense still, until it was almost violently bright.

The world shuddered.

A terrifying roar rose into the sky,making the Awakened soldiers stumble and press their hands against their ears. The Nightmare Creatures faltered. The swirling snow was instantly obliterated, and towering walls of white flame shot from the jagged cracks into the black sky.

The bone itself was blackened, entire swaths of it plummeting into the white inferno below.

The abominable jungle, which had been frozen by the lethal snowstorm, was now set aflame and turned to ash. The great vertical bridges of twisting vines all collapsed into whirlwinds of embers, and countless Nightmare Creatures perished in the explosion, either annihilated by the obliterating shockwave or burned to death by ferocious flames.

By the time the world stopped quaking, the Hollows were a radiant hell of white fire and incandescent embers. The snow was replaced by swirling ash, which rained down from above. Smoke veiled everything in sight.

…And from that smoke, something rose, stretching its tendrils toward a small, radiant star burning in the black sky.

***

Sunny had carried a Corrupted Titan through the shadows once. The weight of its vile soul had been both crushing and immense…

But the weight of Anvil's soul was simply unbearable. Or rather, his soul seemed immovable.

And yet, Sunny did move it.

In that moment — for a moment — his will tramped that of a Supreme, perhaps because he had caught the King of Swords by surprise.

As the two of them submerged into the embrace of shadows, though, Sunny did something that he had never done before, and had never been capable of doing before.

Instead of stepping through the shadows while carrying another living being to emerge from them someplace else, he simply pulled both Anvil and himself into the familiar cold darkness.

There, in the world of darkness, both of them were nothing more than intangible shadows themselves, their souls laid bare.

And Sunny was quite familiar with battling other shadows in that lightless realm.

…He was in for an unpleasant surprise, though.

Shadows were usually shapeless and formless — unless they were guided by a conscious mind that shaped them into a particular form. It had taken him quite a while to learn how to shape himself into a form capable of battle, long before…

But Anvil was not formless.

His shadow was vast and terrifying, as deep as Sunny's own. What's more, it had maintained the very same form he wore in the tangible world, as if Anvil's sense of self was so absolute that nothing could change it.

Out there in the world of lightless shapelessness, Sunny saw color for the first time in his life.

There was a colossal figure of an armor-clad warrior in front of him, entirely black, wielding an impenetrably black sword. A vermilion cloak rested on his shoulders, and scarlet flames were burning in his eyes.

Still…

This was the land of shadows.

And Sunny was their Lord.

As his own shadow turned into a towering giant with six hands, he rushed at Anvil and clawed at his colossal form. Whatever armor the King of Swords wore must have granted him a great degree of protection against soul attacks, and yet, it parted in front of Sunny's claws like paper.

For the first time since their battle started, he felt that his enemy was truly hurt.

Anvil only wasted a split second to orient himself in the unfamiliar world of shadows… almost as if he had experienced fighting someone wielding power over shadows once, already… and coldly pushed his dreadful sword forward.

The harrowing blade cut into Sunny's vast form, threatening to cut it in half.

Anyone else would have probably been destroyed by that single attack, their souls collapsing like tattered cloth. But as soon as the black blade touched Sunny, an intricate weave of golden strings flashed for a moment in the dark depths of his giant form, almost like chainmail.

That was Soul Weave, of course, which held his soul together and reinforced it against soul attacks.

The pain was blinding, of course.

Anvil's sword had been slowed by Soul Weave,preventing it from cutting Sunny in two, but it did not stop the cursed blade altogether — but in the next moment, his towering form simply parted in front of the sharp edge, allowing it to pass through him without dealing any damage whatsoever.

He was not obliged to maintain the same form, after all. In fact, the very concept of shape was merely a crutch here in the embrace of shadows.

The six-armed giant collapsed, turning into a formless mass that enveloped Anvil like a shroud. Countless clawed hands protruded from its surface, and countless fanged maws opened on it, ripping the Sovereign's soul to shreds.

Anvil did not allow Sunny to attack him unpunished, of course. Just as Sunny was tearing him with claws and fangs, Anvil continued to stab and slice him with his sword…

'Ah… argh… haaa!'

Sunny wailed and laughed in dark glee as the two of them plummeted through the darkness, destroying each other.

'No one else managed to make you bleed in a decade, huh? How about now?! Are you still amused, you wretched bastard?!'

Anvil's soul might have been far more potent, it might have been empowered by his vastDomain…

But he did not have Soul Weave, and therefore, the very structure of his soul was different.

It was far more fragile, and far easier to destroy.

'Let's see which one of us will last longer, King of Swords...'




***
Chapter 2243: Embers and Ash


***






Nephis dissolved into pain for a few brief moments…

Each moment lasted an eternity.

The agony of her soul cores being torn apart was unfathomable. Knowing that she had only one chance, she did not hold back and went further than she had ever gone before, destroying not one, but six of them at the same time to fuel her fire.

As a boundless ocean of furious flame that had been contained within her soul broke free with a deafening roar, she struggled with all her being to channel it instead of being consumed by it.

She willed it into submission.

The incandescent ray of white radiance fell into the billowing snow, and her shattered soul burned, mutilated, both enveloped in brilliant flame and on the verge of being extinguished. Humans were not meant to possess more than one soul core, but even if someone did, losing six of them would have instantly and utterly obliterated them…

But Neph's soul was special.

The web of cracks running through the fractured battlefield ignited with soft white radiance, illuminated from below.

The explosion was simply too devastating, causing not only the shattered bone plain, but all of Godgrave to quake. It was dozens of times more powerful than the explosion that had destroyed Twilight, and far more powerful than even the terrible conflagration she summoned to destroy the First Seeker.

 Nephis had been merely a Master back then, after all. She was a Transcendent now, and so, the soul she was burning to fuel the flame was Transcendent as well. 

That was why Nephis had pushed Ki Song into the chasm. Had she caused the explosion on the surface and not in the Hollows, the resulting shockwave would have annihilated both great armies.

Instead, it was the ancient jungle that burned.

The Nightmare Creatures there — those who had been powerful enough to survive the lethal snowstorm — were wounded and weakened…

They had been powerful enough to survive the snow, but they did not survive the flame.

And as they died,a furious torrent of soul fragments poured into Neph's crumbling soul, mending it.

She screamed as new soul cores were formed to replace the old ones.

The damage dealt to her soul was too grievous, though, and she was still being ravaged by the Queen's power. So, these cores shattered as well, and new ones were formed in their place.

Nephis felt like she was dying and being remade from the flames in an endless, harrowing cycle of rebirth. She lost herself in the disorienting torment of it all, feeling something inside of her being melted and fused by the immolating heat.

Below her, the charred remains of the ancient jungle were like an incandescent hell. Black smoke veiled the vast chasm, glowing with angry white light. It seemed like nothing could have survived down there… surely, Ki Song would have perished…

But even as Nephis felt that brittle hope, she knew that she had failed.

Because the Spell had never whispered into her ear, announcing the death of the Queen.

So, when colossal tendrils of smoke rose to catch her, Nephis was not surprised. Just… resentful.

Still reeling and overcome by agony, she dodged and fell from the sky, landing on the surface of the ancient bone gracelessly. The winds howled, blowing the smoke away, and immense streams of blood were revealed below it, twisting as they coalesced into a vast crimson river and dove down.

Nephis groaned.

The Queen's titanic vessel had been destroyed, at least.

A melodious laughter resounded above the fractured bone plain, making the brilliant radiance of Neph's spirit form dim a little.

"Stunning… truly, little Nephis. You are so stunning. It is such a shame…"

Nephis smiled bitterly.

'...She's hurt.'

It seemed like Ki Song was unscathed, but it had not escaped Neph's notice that countless puppets had turned to ash… and that the great river of blood stayed at a distance instead of drowning her. The Queen was definitely hurt by the explosion.

Of course,she had not been hurt nearly as terribly as Nephis was.

As if to echo her somber thoughts, the Queen's voice resounded once again, turning cold and ominous:

"Sadly… it's time we end this charade. I'll still have to deal with Anvil after I am done with you, Changing Star — and it needs to happen swiftly, lest too many of my people die."

Nephis pushed away the pain and straightened, looking at the glistening river of blood with somber resignation.

"Don't pretend like you care."

She had revealed her ace and accomplished nothing. So, the Queen would abandon caution and unleash her full power now, too — after all, she knew what her enemy was capable of already.

How terrible could it be?

As Nephis watched, fury burning in her heart, the river of blood rippled.

And then, something eerie happened, making her take a step back.

The remaining Titan puppets — all of them, including those that had been brought down by the prisoners of the Nameless Temple and the storm of swords — all followed the fate of the first, decaying into a flood of appalling, viscous crimson liquid.

It flowed across the bone plain like a tide, and then formed a new vessel around the great river of blood.

If Neph's partial Transformation possessed human eyes, they would have widened now, betraying a hint of stunned disbelief.

A new, terrifying flesh golem slowly rose above the bone plain, easily dwarfing the previous one in size. The creature Nephis had fought was titanic, but this one… this one was simply colossal, towering above the fractured battlefield like a red mountain. It was at least a kilometer high, looking down at Nephis with an eerie, eyeless face.

Nephis had been like a fly in front of the first of the Queen's vessels… in front of this one, she was like a speck of dust.

How could a speck of dust defeat a mountain?

Her radiant figure rose into the air, burning with blinding light.




***
Chapter 2244: Seventh Strike


***






Deep in the embrace of shadows, Sunny was being cut apart as he was tearing Anvil apart. The two of them were destroying each other, both indifferent to the harrowing pain of their souls coming undone.

However, the indifference of one was different from the other.

Anvil did not care about anything, while Sunny cared about killing him too much to be bothered by the pain.

'Die, die…'

He would have laughed if he had a mouth capable of laughing, but while his formless shape possessed a hundred maws, all of them were mute.

There was no sound in the world of shadows, only silence.

'Die!'

He shredded Anvil's armor and mangled his soul, drowning in agony and dark glee… but as much as Sunny abandoned himself to the fervor of battle, his mind remained cold and calm like a still lake.

Even as the King's sword cut him, he was calmly calculating how to kill the King of Swords.

 Sunny had a hint of suspicion that Anvil had rambled about forging Nephis into a flawless blade for a reason. It was most likely a true glimpse into his twisted thoughts, but at the same time, Sunny would not put it past the insidious Sovereign to have said it aloud in order to undermine his composure. 

If so, it had backfired spectacularly…

But even then, the more Sunny calculated the odds, the colder he felt.

Because he saw no possibility of winning.

Anvil… was simply too tyrannical, his Will too sharp of a weapon.

Even as his soul was being torn, Anvil was growing more accustomed to fighting in the world of shadows. And as they plummeted deeper and deeper into the lightless expanse of the Shadow Realm Fragment, angry red runes ignited on his black armor, causing the shadows to ripple and part.

Anvil opened his mouth, and against all laws, the silence of the lightless abyss was broken by a sound.

"Enough."

Grasping Sunny's shapeless form with one hand, he raised his sword and brought it down…

Cutting the very shadows with its blade.

In the next moment,Sunny was violently thrown back into the material world.

He rolled on the splintered bone, groaning as his battered body hit the ground. By the time he rose to his feet, Anvil was already stepping out of the severed shadows.

His armor was whole, and his vermilion cloak moved languidly in the wind.

Even though Sunny knew that his enemy's soul received grievous wounds, outwardly, Anvil looked utterly unscathed.

'Ah… that rotten bastard…'

The battlefield had changed while they were struggling in the shadows. The fractured battlefield was crumbling, smoke and an angry white glow rising from the jagged cracks on its surface. The Hollows below were a sea of embers and fire. Far away…

'What… the hell is that?'

A colossal figure towered above the bone plain, its vaguely feminine shape both harrowing and eerily beautiful.

A flash of white radiance illuminated the towering creature, and that was all Sunny had time to see, since Anvil's sword whistled past his neck.

He would have been beheaded if he had reacted a split second later.

Sunny reeled back and deflected the next blow with his odachi, grimacing under Weaver's Mask as his tattered soul pulsed with pain.

Anvil smiled coldly.

"Your world, huh? What a dreary place…"

He was suddenly just a step away, batting Sunny's sword to the side. In the next moment, Anvil kicked him with devastating force, sending Sunny flying dozens of meters back.

He crashed onto the surface of the bone, bounced like a pebble, and slid dozens of meters more.

Sunny jumped to his feet almost instantly, but by the time he regained his balance, Anvil was already upon him.

The dreadful sword cut the air.

"I should commend you, though… such spirit! I am actually in pain."

Sunny dodged and tried to deliver a blow of his own, but Anvil dodged it with an easy step and spoke evenly, a chilling threat hiding in his cold voice:

"...What shall we do about that?"

'Why are you talking so much?'

Sunny laughed.

"I heard dying is a good cure for pain,King of Swords. Let's do that."

Anvil smiled darkly.

"Still insolent, I see…"

With that, his sword lashed out, suddenly encompassing the whole world.

This time, Sunny could not escape.

The cursed sword seemed to pierce his very essence, cutting his courage apart.

Suddenly, Sunny felt terror grasping his heart.

The next strike cut his determination, and Sunny staggered, suddenly unsure of why he was still resisting the inevitable.

The third strike cut his hope, and in that moment, Sunny knew that he stood no chance. What was he thinking about? A mere Saint could not defeat a Sovereign. It was impossible.

Serpent suddenly felt heavy and unwieldy in his hands, and his pain — both physical and mental — became overwhelming.

He groaned.

The fourth strike cut his killing intent…

Or rather, tried to.

Instead, the cursed blade came to a screeching halt and bounced back, failing to destroy its target.

Full of terror, hesitation, and hopelessness, Sunny took an unsteady step and looked up at the towering figure of the King. His hands trembled.

…And yet, he forced himself to smile despite the dread, doubt, and despair that had conquered his heart.

'I'll kill him... I must kill him… I must...'

His shaking voice escaped from behind the fearsome mask:

"Are you ready to die?"

Was he ready?

Anvil shook his head.

"How stubborn."

The fifth strike cut space itself.

'What…'

The space was suddenly warped. It seemed like even Anvil could not destroy the Shadow Realm Fragment, but being the inventive craftsman that he was, he found a way to displace a part of it.

There was darkness behind them, and there was darkness in front of them… but in the space where Sunny and Anvil stood, the harsh radiance of the overcast sky poured from above, and the familiar heat enveloped them like a suffocating veil.

Sunny was blinded by the light.

He was also robbed of the power that had been bestowed upon him by the Shadow Realm Fragment,and lost connection to the source element that nourished him.

The sixth strike was quite mundane, piercing his abdomen and throwing Sunny to his knees.

Pulling his sword back, Anvil looked down at him with a cold expression and said in an indifferent tone...

"Rest in peace, Lord of Shadows."

The cursed blade fell down.




***
Chapter 2245: Counsel of Despair


***






The cursed sword fell down, its inescapable blade shining in the blinding light. Sunny was kneeling in front of Anvil, looking up — his black mask was baring its fangs in a fearsome snarl, but beneath it, he was pale and terrified.

In his eyes, the thin edge of Anvil's sword seemed as vast as the sky, obscuring the whole world. He was gruesomely wounded and weak, his hands trembling, fear consuming his dazed mind.

He could not move, he could not breathe.

There was no escape.

…There was no point in trying to escape, anyway.

He was defeated, and so, all he could do was surrender. He wanted to surrender.

'Ah…'

Had he not struggled enough? Every step he had taken was an arduous struggle. Every battle he had won was a torturous trial. He was tired, terrified, and in pain — just like he had always been.

It had all been so hard, so painful. So lonesome. He was erased from the world and forgotten by everyone...

 He was lost. 

There was no salvation from Anvil's blade, but the blade itself offered salvation. A sad and somber kind of salvation, but salvation nonetheless — an end to all his pain and all his fear... as well as everything else.

Sunny had no hope left.

'Let's… let's give up, Sunny.'

He looked at the falling sword meekly, ready to accept his end.

And then, he raised his hand and caught the cursed blade, stopping a short distance away from his neck.

Sunny's hand trembled. The sword trembled as well, and as Anvil pushed it down, the steel blade easily cut the onyx gauntlet, mangling the flesh beneath and becoming smeared in blood. The sharp tip drew closer to Sunny's throat, but it still failed to pierce it… for now.

The two of them wrestled for control of the sword. Anvil was pushing it forward with his physical might and Aspect powers, while Sunny fought to hold it in place with all his strength, desperation, and sheer unwillingness to give up.

Giving up…

Sounded wonderful.

But there was one problem — if he gave up,he would not be able to kill Anvil.

And that was not something Sunny was willing to compromise on.

The cursed sword traveled a bit more, and a bit more of its length became painted by Sunny's blood. It was mere centimeters away from his throat now.

'Not good…'

Pale as a ghost, Sunny gritted his teeth behind Weaver's Mask and looked at Anvil with murderous darkness burning in his eyes.

He had not saved himself from death, really — he had merely postponed it, and not by long at that. He was managing to hold the cursed sword back for now, but Anvil would overpower him soon. The smallest of actions would break his concentration and allow the sword to plunge into his neck, as well.

So… what was Sunny supposed to do?

'Think, think…'

He could sense Anvil's shadow. He could feel Anvil's tyrannical will giving shape to his killing intent and empowering the fatal inevitability of his sword.

Summoning death upon Sunny.

The will, the sword — what came first? What was the true weapon? No… was there even a distinction between the two? Or were they inseparable?

Were they one and the same?

As Sunny drowned in powerlessness and pain, as he was being consumed by a singular and overwhelming desire… a hint of a vague understanding suddenly dawned upon him.

His eyes narrowed slowly.

***

Far away, Nephis was hopelessly outmatched in the battle against the colossal vessel of the Queen. The titanic creature was too vast to be hurt by her flames — the burns they left on its flesh were too small to deal any lasting damage, and the cuts were too shallow to do any real harm. Even these shallow cuts healed in mere moments, leaving no trace behind.

At the same time, she was deeply infected by the Queen's power. Nephis could heal herself, while Ki Song could aggravate any wound — their powers had been locked in a stalemate before, but by now, Nephis was too outmatched, too grievously injured,

and so her soul continued to rot and crumble a little faster than it was being cleansed and repaired.

Her suffering was unbearable…

And her defeat was inevitable.

Deep in her heart, Nephis knew that she could not survive. It was impossible.

She was thinking of assuming her full Transcendent form, but there was no point. Even if Nephis unleashed herself, she would not be able to harm the colossal vessel terribly enough to destroy it… and it was dangerous for her, as well.

There was a reason why Nephis only ever used her partial Transformation, and it was that she was afraid of losing herself forever in the furious flames of her true form… of never being able to become human again.

She would have still done it, of course, if she saw that there was a chance. If that could have helped her survive.

'Ah!'

The colossal creature moved irrationally fast for its prodigious size. There was both something regal and something bestial about her ferocious onslaught — the Queen's titanic hand reached toward Nephis, creating a hurricane with the pressure of its passing. Nephis evaded the immense talons, this time, but she could not avoid them forever.

Sooner or later, she would be caught, crushed, and extinguished.

There was nowhere for her escape. All she could do was fall.

'No.'

No… she refused.

Her soul continued to crumble and mend itself, continued to rot and be cleansed by the searing flames. Nephis wanted to scream, but she had no voice. Her vision was turning blurry.

Far away, the Lord of Shadows was pierced by Anvil's sword and fell to his knees. The King raised his cursed blade, ready to strike down.

'No!'

The great armies were drowning in the flood of abominations. Her soldiers were dying, the flames of their brittle hopes disappearing in the sea of encroaching darkness. They longed to survive, but were met with the cold embrace of death instead.

'No…'

Overcome by pain, Nephis felt ready to succumb to despair.

It was then that her radiant gaze turned to the dark sky.

She hesitated for a moment, and then her figure blazed with blinding radiance.

Abandoning her futile attempts to wound the Queen, Nephis flew up.

Up and up… up past the towering figure of the Queen's vessel, into the darkness of the rustling swords.

And beyond it.

Rising high above the battlefield, Nephis left the veil of shadows and escaped into the brilliant light of the cruel sky. The eternal veil of radiant clouds was just above her…

Spreading her wings, Nephis continued to rise.

The clouds welcomed her like a lost daughter.




***
Chapter 2246: Children of War


***






Far below, on the ground, Sunny was slowly losing the struggle against Anvil. The tip of the bloodied sword was already pressed against his neck, piercing the skin.

The blood was slowly flowing up the blade, trying to return to its source… however, his trembling hand was too mangled to contain it. His grip was still crushing, though, preventing the cursed sword from moving any further.

In that moment, tormented by desperation and pain, Sunny suddenly saw it clearly… the Will, and the way the King of Swords wielded it.

The vague shape of the path to Supremacy.

Disjointed pieces of knowledge and the things he had observed all came together, falling into place.

And suddenly, it all made sense.

His eyes narrowed.

It all made sense, but Sunny still did not know what he had to do. What he gained was not a map, but rather all the necessary tools he needed to draw the map — and then chart a course to his destinations across it.

If only he had time…

 But there was no time. 

He was going to be killed in mere seconds.

Sunny gritted his teeth, desperate and refusing to give up.

'No, no, no…'

And just then, a miracle happened.

Far above, the clouds of Godgrave parted, and rays of annihilating light poured down from the white abyss of the incandescent sky. The Fragment of the Shadow Realm endured them with cold indifference, remaining as dark and lightless as it had always been.

But Sunny and Anvil were currently devoid of its protection.

Sensing the clouds breaking above them, the King of Swords looked down at Sunny with cold contempt and pushed her sword forward with tyrannical force. He must have hoped to finish the job before the light reached them, but Sunny refused to be killed. The sword did not move.

However…

The annihilating light did not reach them, either.

High in the sky, the storm of rustling swords shifted, and both of them were suddenly drowned in shadows. Shifting his gaze up, Sunny saw the flying swords forming a vast,impenetrable shield above them — the enchanted blades were pressed tightly against each other, so that no gap was left between them, and therefore, no light reached the ground below.

Of course, the sky of Godgrave was not forgiving enough to be stopped by a barrier of mere steel, enchanted or not.

Already, there were isles of angry red glow spreading across the surface of the celestial shield. Glowing drops fell down, and soon, molten metal rained from the sky.

The swords were being annihilated, but there were so many of them that, for now, the barrier held.

It was not going to last long, though.

Sunny lowered his gaze and looked at Anvil, feeling the cursed blade scrape against the bones of his hand and sink deeper into his neck.

He was drawing the map feverishly.

…And then, he saw it.

He finally understood how to attain Supremacy.

***

Far above, Nephis was drifting in the harrowing white abyss of the godless sky.

There was no wind here, no hope, and no salvation. Only silence and blinding radiance that went beyond fire, beyond light, beyond heat. That radiance was destruction incarnate… it was destruction itself, a force from before time existed that was capable of erasing entire worlds from existence. Of erasing existence itself.

Nephis was burning.

Her body was made of flame, but even that flame was being destroyed.

Her soul was turning to ash, and the ashes of her soul were turning into nothingness.

There, in that merciless white abyss…

Nephis lost her body, her mind, her soul. Her very self was stripped bare and cleansed of everything, until nothing but her naked spirit remained.

Her spirit began to crumble, as well.

But she still had the will. Her will had been born from pain, from flame, from conviction…

From longing.

And so, she willed herself into existence.

She willed herself to be reborn from the fire, to be blessed by the fire.

She spoke the True Name of destruction, warding herself from being destroyed.

Even as Nephis burned,she healed herself, and burned again…

Maintaining a tenuous state of equilibrium, neither dead nor alive, she continued to exist — for now. She knew that she would not be able to prevent herself from dissolving into white radiance with her sheer will for long. Her will was not inexhaustible, after all.

It was not absolute.

But in that moment between life and death, Nephis finally saw the path to Supremacy.

She knew what she had to do, and what her will had to become.

'I have to survive!'

***

'I have to die.'

That was his answer.

It was so simple, but Sunny had remained blind to it for so long.

Anvil's blade sank deeper into his neck. Molten metal rained from the sky, and far above, the barrier of swords was falling apart. Rays of light were already falling on the surface of the ancient bone.

Sunny had to die, but he could not allow himself to be killed. There was a trick to it all — at least there was for him.

He was going to cheat his way to Supremacy. That was his act of defiance.

Still, death was cruel and terrifying, even for someone who had died as many times as Sunny had. He had cheated death on plenty of occasions, always finding a way to stay alive…

But this time was different. It had to be.

This time, he had to die in earnest, with no deception or trickery involved... only truth.

It was so absurd that he wanted to laugh… he would have, if not for the few centimeters of cold steel currently piercing his neck.

Still, Sunny smiled crookedly behind Weaver's Mask.

He opened his mouth and asked in a hoarse voice, straining to make himself heard:

"Hey, King of Swords… do you wish to kill me?"

Anvil looked at him coldly.

"I do. I will."

Sunny couldn't help it, after all, and let out a stifled, sinister laugh.

The cursed blade cut him, and he grimaced.

A dark, murderous fury rose like a pyre in his heart.

Sunny spat:

"Listen, you wretch… you can't kill me. You are not worthy enough to kill me."

He mustered what little remained of his strength,arduously pushing Anvil's sword a few centimeters back for a moment.

"A man worthy of killing me has not been born in this world, yet."

Kneeling, bleeding, utterly broken, Sunny looked up at Anvil and laughed again.

"And never will be. I am the heir of Death, you fool. Did you really think that you could kill Death?"

The only thing that could kill Death was Death itself.

As brilliant light illuminated them, forcing Anvil to freeze, Sunny raised Serpent with his free hand.

The black odachi rippled, turning into a ghostly stiletto.

And just as his arm started to crumble into ash…

Sunny grinned, turned the blade of the stiletto against himself, and plunged it into his own heart.




***
Chapter 2247: Throne of Shadows


***






Sunny had to die, but he could not allow himself to be killed.

He had to be the one to end his own life...

That was easier said than done, though.

After all, he excelled at staying alive against all odds. His soul was vast and tenacious, while his body was like a fortress. He could endure an incredible amount of punishment and heal at breathtaking speed. Even if his heart stopped beating for some reason, there was a good chance that he could survive by simply forcing his blood to move on its own.

That was why Sunny had pierced his chest with the dark stiletto… with Serpent. With the slaying blade that embodied Death itself.

His eyes widened as the cold blade pierced his heart. That coldness spread in an instant, permeating his entire being… pulling him down and slowing down his thoughts.

It was cruelly painful, but the pain was overshadowed by the terrifying realization of what he had done.

'I…'

He felt it. Death coming to claim what used to be a person — what used to be him. He felt his body growing weak, his soul collapsing, his vision turning dark. This was the end, and there was no escape from that end. No trick he could use, no clever strategy that could save him.

 The finality of it all — the eternal nothingness that lay in front of him — terrified Sunny at the last moment. 

At least death was swift and merciful.

He did not even feel the agony of being burned alive by the blinding light… just saw his arms crumbling into ash, as if observing someone else ceasing to exist from a distance.

'Ah…'

The last breath escaped from his lips, which grew forever silent.

The kneeling figure of the Lord of Shadows swayed, and then fell.

However, his body never touched the ground, turning into a cloud of ash before it could. The ash was scattered by the wind.

The last thing to crumble was the hand that still clung to Anvil's blade, stubbornly refusing to let go until the final moment.

Soon,all that remained of the fearsome Lord of Shadows was the black mask that fell to the ground and lay there, forlorn, staring at the sky with empty dark eyes.

…And his shadow.

***

There was a still, silent lake that bathed in the darkness of seven lightless suns.

A great temple of black marble towered above the dark water, full of emptiness.

A legion of silent shadows surrounded the temple, standing on the surface of the still lake without motion, their lifeless gazes turned to the ancient edifice of the temple.

As if waiting for something.

Nothing disturbed the tranquil silence of the dark lake… until, suddenly, a cold wind blew above its surface.

The still water rippled…

Then, without morning, a bolt of black lightning tore the peaceful darkness apart, falling from above to strike the magnificent temple.

It passed through the tiles of its roof, unobstructed, and disappeared inside.

And by the time the black flames retreated, a new shadow stood alone in the impenetrable darkness of the empty great hall.

It was the shadow of a slender young man, his beautiful features still and unmoving.

His eyes were closed.

As the cold winds raged above the surging lake and the seven suns burned with dark flames above it, the young man remained silent and motionless, just like the legion of shadows outside.

But then, his eyelids trembled.

As the young man slowly opened his tenebrous eyes, it was as if a wave of invisible force spread outward from the temple, passing through the silent shadows and making the vast lake surge. The seven lightless suns ignited with a dark radiance, and the still waters boiled.

Something was happening to the black suns, to the dark lake… to the vast expanse of lightless silence itself. As if it was undergoing a profound metamorphosis, reaching unfathomable depths.

The shadow of the young man seemed to break the chains that had kept it motionless, moving slightly… coming alive. He looked around slowly, gaining awareness,then inhaled deeply.

Then, he walked across the great hall of the dark temple, and passed through its gates.

Standing atop the steps of black marble, the stunning young man looked down at the legion shadows with his dark, cold, lightless eyes.

And answering to his presence, the shadows, which had always been lifeless and motionless, finally moved.

Those who possessed forms that resembled humans knelt. Those who possessed forms that resembled beasts lowered themselves to the surface of the water.

All of them prostrated themselves before the young man, as if welcoming their lord... their monarch.

Their Sovereign.

The young man looked down at them, his face emotionless and cold…

Then, a sinister smile twisted his alluring lips.

'It worked.'

Sunny wanted to laugh.

He had done it. He had died, and returned from death.

This time, without the help of powerful Memories or the endlessly flowing waters of the Great River.

He had defeated death with nothing but his Will…

Which was to say, he had defied an absolute law, and galvanized his soul into becoming Supreme in the process.

Of course, there was a little trick involved.

If Sunny had been killed, his shadow would have been sent to the Shadow Realm, and there, it would have been turned into pure essence by the world, thus erasing him from existence.

But shadows of those creatures that Sunny himself killed never entered the Realm of Death. They entered his own Soul Sea instead, and joined the ranks of all his previous victims.

So, by killing himself, Sunny had sent his shadow into his own Soul Sea. That was why he had to die by his own hand, and not by Anvil's blade… and that was how he had been able to will himself into coming back to life instead of being consumed by the Shadow Realm.

When he did, the wall that prevented him from attaining Supremacy was broken.

And his nascent Domain manifested itself into existence.

Looking at the legion of prostrating shadows, Sunny exhaled slowly.'So this is what Eurys meant.'

These silent shadows…

They were his Domain.

He had been building it all along without even knowing it.

And what a powerful Domain it was!

His sinister smile turned dark and murderous.

'Now, then…'

Sunny looked up.

There was someone out there he had to kill.

Back on the fractured battlefield, the fearsome black mask trembled.




***
Chapter 2248: Throne of Light


***






High in the godless sky of Godgrave, Nephis was being reforged.

The brilliant white abyss was her anvil, and her will was the hammer with which she forged her soul into shape.

The pain was the pristine flame that kept her soul pure.

Burning, restoring herself, and burning again.

Being destroyed, being created, and then destroyed again.

Destruction, creation… it was one and the same. For Nephis, they were two sides of the same coin. Her flames could both heal and burn, after all, so she was not foreign to the concept.

Her soul was being reshaped, but it was her will — her spirit — that ended up being tempered with each excruciating rebirth.

Until her soul and her will permeated each other and became too interwoven to be separated, let alone discerned.

At that moment, Nephis felt a profound change happen to her.

 It was as if a incandescent spark of a beautiful golden hue had ignited in the blinding radiance of her fiery soul, making the immolating white flames seem dim in comparison. 

That spark was a catalyst.

But it was not a catalyst for her soul becoming Supreme — instead, it was a catalyst that ignited her nascent Domain, making it swell with heat, with light… with life.

The fragile, ethereal connections she had established to numerous people who had been inspired by her suddenly shone with a beautiful radiance, and the radiance spread through the vast web of them, chasing away the encroaching darkness.

Her source element underwent a change, as well… no, not quite. It remained the same — however, it was as if the floodgates that prevented Nephis from experiencing it fully had been opened, and the shallow trickle of essence she had been receiving before turned full and powerful like a freely flowing river.

The dam had been broken.

Each of the countless people whose souls had been ignited by the flames of longing was a source of this radiant spirit essence, and as the spirit essence flowed into Nephis, her own essence was galvanized by it,undergoing a qualitative transformation.

Making her Supreme.

Nephis felt her essence changing, becoming brighter, richer, vastly more potent… brimming with ferocious, unimaginable power. Her soul cores rebuilt themselves, becoming deeper and stronger in order to contain that startling power.

Her Soul Sea changed, as well.

The copy of the Ivory Island there had been lifeless and still before, like a frozen replica, but now, it suddenly seemed much more real. The blades of emerald grass swayed in the wind, glistening with dew. The leaves of the ancient trees rustled peacefully.

The waters of the clear lake rippled as they shone beautifully, reflecting the sunlight.

And that was not all…

The Tower of Hope was not the only landmark in her Soul Sea anymore.

Some distance away, a great castle of white stone towered above the resplendent water. A magnificent black palace was there, as well. A gargantuan ship drifted on the calm waves, its numerous sails full of wind. There were other Citadels, as well…

All of them rose from the water like islands, and the vast expanse of her radiant soul was not empty anymore. Instead, it resembled a small world.

…Nephis survived.

She had survived the incandescent heaven of the Sun God's fallen realm, and therefore, defied both the absolute law of death and the laws governing this broken world.

She became a Supreme.

Her Domain was now truly manifested, as well… and it was both vast and splendid.

Four Great Citadels were empowering it. Dozens of other Citadels belonged to her Domain now, too — that was because the Saints who ruled them had lost their faith in the Sovereigns, but had faith in Nephis instead.

Even those like Seishan had been swayed, choosing her over the Supremes that had failed them.

Dozens of Saints, thousands of Masters, hundreds of thousands of Awakened, and numerous mundane humans believed in her, too. Their souls were a part of her Domain, shining like a myriad of stars in the radiant sky.

After all,Nephis had spent a decade building upon the legend of her clan with Cassie's help, to create a myth of her own. Now, across the two worlds, countless people were inspired by Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan, their souls burning with yearning. Countless people believed in the famous propaganda slogan invented by the government….

As long as Immortal Flame burned, humanity would not be extinguished.

So, it was as if the Immortal Flame clan — and its last daughter — had become synonymous with humanity.

And therefore, most of humanity was a part of her Domain.

Nephis could feel all of them, too…

The connection she shared with those who had been inspired by her was much deeper now, and more universal. It did not depend on distance or proximity anymore, and so, there was a boundless ocean of hopes and desires that washed over her mind, threatening to overwhelm her.

Nephis silenced it, for now — or at least tried to. There would be time to explore this connection later.

For now, she had to finish the battle.

…Boundless power, endless essence.

Full of furious light, Nephis cast her flaming gaze to the ground.

***

Far below, on the ground, the great armies were melting in the flood of Nightmare Creatures.

The sudden snowstorm summoned by the Lord of Shadows had stemmed the tide of abominations, somewhat, and the terrifying explosion caused by Changing Star diminished their swelling number even further.

But people were still dying, and the remnants of the incinerated jungle still threatened to consume them all.

The humans were losing.

…Untill, suddenly, a soft radiance flooded the battlefield.

The soldiers of the united army faltered for a moment, looking at their own skin in amazement.

They themselves were the source of the radiance.

It was as if white flames ignited within all of them, washing away their wounds… and making them much stronger, much faster, much more resilient. Augmenting them with fearsome power.Those who were on the verge of dying were saved, and those who were beaten and exhausted suddenly found themselves full of renewed might.

The radiant army stirred, meeting the dark tide of abominable monsters... and pushing it back.




***
Chapter 2249: Depths of Despair


***






Not long before that…

Sid fell to the ground, blood pouring down the torn, bent metal of her breastplate. It was flowing out of her mouth, as well, but she was more concerned about the armor… the Memory was on its last breath, ready to collapse into a rain of sparks.

It was a shame, too, because the charming enchanter, Master Sunless, had personally improved it for her. More importantly, she was wearing very little under the armor. Becoming one of the Queen's dead puppets would already be bad enough, but shambling around the battlefield both dead and while wearing nothing but her underwear seemed simply mortifying.

'Ah… that'd be embarrassing…'

She reached for her sword and looked up, knowing full well that she would not escape the Nightmare Creature that had thrown her to the ground.

The towering beast loomed above her, foamy saliva flowing between its rotting fangs. Before it could bite down, however, a slender figure in a tattered red dress appeared between Sid and the abomination, stubbornly holding her ground. The wavy dagger in her hand seemed like a toy compared to the immense size of the appalling creature.

'Felise, you fool…'

Was she hellbent on dying together?

Sid finally grasped the hilt of her sword, wondering if she would be able to stand up. The two of them were probably finished…

     They would make for a couple of lovely corpses, though. So… there was a bright side to anything. 

Using the sword as a cane, Sid groaned and rose to her feet.

***

Some distance away, Ray and Fleur were desperately trying to survive in the sea of abominations. They had lost Rani and Tamar in the chaos of the battle a while ago, and the Nightmare Creatures around them were not something a couple of Awakened could fight.

Ray had thought about trying to escape by hiding himself, but he could not take Fleur with him… and he would not abandon her, either, so the two of them were barely staing alive.

...Staying alive for now.

At some point,they found themselves protecting the backs of two unfamiliar Masters — judging by their age and armor, the Masters seemed to be Legacies from the Sword Army side. Neither of the young knights was in good shape, but one of them seemed barely alive, bleeding profusely from a deep cut on his head, mumbling nonsense, and asking for mercy.

"Hey, Mercy… you… you saw it, right?"

The other Master grabbed his friend and pulled him back, saving the young man from the claws of a hideous abomination.

"Saw what?!"

The bleeding knight somehow managed to behead the Nightmare Creature and staggered upright.

"That… that vulgar scoundrel! That profligate lecher, Master Sunless! He's... he's the Lord of Shadows! I knew it. I told you! He has been deceiving Lady Nephis this whole time, the sinister rake!"

The other knight — Mercy — looked at him with concern.

"Were you hit on the head, Tristan? Wait, don't answer that… you were. Anyway, there is no way…"

Tristan shook his head, paying no attention to the blood streaming down his face.

"No… no, I saw it clearly! He is!"

At that moment, Fleur let out a scream and fell. Ray swayed, too, suddenly finding it hard to breathe. A terrifying, maddening presence enveloped their minds, and a new Nightmare Creature appeared in front of them — this one more dreadful than all the rest.

A Great One.

Mercy paled, and Tristan raised his sword weakly. Neither stood a chance in the battle against a Great abomination, especially not wounded and exhausted as they were. But what else could they do?

Simply moving under the gaze of the terrifying being was a difficult task, while the being could obliterate the four of them in one move.

All hope seemed lost…

Until something massive suddenly fell from the sky, flattening the Great Nightmare Creature.

It was…

Ray blinked, doubting his eyes.

...It was a quaint brick cottage with glass windows and a wooden porch.

'Huh?'

The bloodied nightmare creature stirred beneath the cottage,sharp pieces of bone protruding through its hide. Before it could escape, though, a terrifying maw opened in the middle of the brick wall, and the cottage bit down on the Great One, tearing its head off with countless sharp fangs.

'...What?'

Ray, Fleur, Mercy, and Tristan froze, staring at the terrifying cottage with stunned expressions. For a moment, they even forgot about the sea of abominations surrounding them.

It was then that the door of the cottage opened, and a petite young woman appeared on the porch, floating a few centimeters above the wooden boards.

She looked at them with a pale face, and then shouted:

"What are you waiting for?! Get inside if you want to live, fools!"

Ray stared at the petite floating beauty for a moment, then looked behind her and shuddered at the morbid scene. The spacious room on the other side of the door was littered with bodies, blood smeared across the floor. It was like the belly of an insatiable, man-eating monster.

He was terrified.

'W—what a bizarre abomination…'

Most chillingly of all, some bodies were still moving, suggesting that they had been swallowed whole.

No, wait. Those weren't bodies… they were dozens of injured soldiers, slumped on the floor in exhaustion and treating their wounds!

Ray lingered for a moment.

Then, he grabbed Fleur into a princess carry and jumped onto the porch.

'Ah, whatever! I don't care!'

The two dazed Masters dawdled a little, then followed while muttering curses with shaky voices.

***

Somewhere else, Rain was fighting side by side with Tamar and the Feather Knight — whose name was Telle, apparently. Things were not going great for the two great armies, and they were not going great for the three of them, either.

Especially for Rain, who felt suffocated by her inability to kill.

And yet, and yet…

She could sense it. The nameless feeling swelling in her chest, becoming clearer and clearer.

It was her awakening Aspect.

It felt as if a seal placed on her soul was slowly crumbling, ready to collapse entirely. The terror of the calamitous battle, the pain and indignation she felt while witnessing all this senseless destruction, the desperate desire to prevent all these lives from being wasted…

Perhaps all she had to unseal her Aspect was find the name for the emotion she felt.

But the correct words were not coming, as if they did not exist in human language.

And the three of them were on the verge of being destroyed, themselves…

A hulking monstrosity had just torn an Ascended knight apart, and was now barreling toward them, frenzy burning in its bloodshot eyes.

Rain paled and raised her tachi, knowing that its blade would not even be able to cut the monster's hide.

In the next moment, however, a fearsome figure of silvery black steel appeared from the darkness, its eyes blazing with infernal red flames. Four clawed hands reached for the charging abomination, piercing its body and raising the massive creature into the air. Then, with a revolting squelch, the Nightmare Creature was torn into four bleeding pieces.

As blood flowed onto the four-armed fiend's dark carapace and evaporated, it turned its fiery gaze down and stared directly at Rain.

The fiend's hellish maw opened… and a grating voice resounded from within.

…Addressing her.

"Protect… auntie…"

Rain blinked.

Huh?

'A—auntie? Me?'

She stared at the towering fiend, stunned.

But… but she was barely twenty-one…




***
Chapter 2250: Flames of Hope


***






The nightmare creature was about to finish off Felise, whose dress was soaked with blood by then, and Sid was not swift enough anymore to stop it…

It was then that a soft radiance suddenly illuminated the darkness, chasing it away.

Sid's heart raced.

'...Lady Nephis?'

Was she close? No… the last she had caught a glimpse of her, Changing Star was disappearing into the black sky, too far away to heal the dying soldiers with her soothing flames.

But there was no mistaking it. Sid knew this feeling well, having relied on it to stay alive for many years, across numerous battlefields.

Granted, the warmth spreading through her body, washing away the pain, was far more potent than usual. Her wounds were healing much faster than they usually did when bathed in the gentle white flame.

That was not all, either…

There was a soft radiance glowing beneath Sid's skin, and she felt… powerful, invigorated. She was brimming with power, her exhaustion gone. It was as if her body, which had already been at the pinnacle of what an Ascended could achieve, grew twice as strong. Even her soul felt empowered by the white radiance.

     'Thank the gods!' 

Activating her Aspect Abilities one after another, Sid rammed the abomination with her shoulder and sent it flying back.

'Felise…'

Turning to look at the Handmaiden, Sid could not help but grin.

Felise was emanating the same soft radiance, and her wounds were healing as well.

No…

It was not just Felise. It was everyone.

All around them, hundreds of soldiers — both of the Song and the Sword Domain, not that there was a difference anymore — were being nurtured by the pure white flames. Their wounds were healing, and their power grew.

And further away, it was the same.

Sid's eyes widened.

'How…'

Before, Lady Nephis could only bestow the gift of her flames to her most loyal followers, and only if they were close to her. She had developed that ability over the years,increasing its range and potency — until she could heal entire swathes of the battlefield, thousands of soldiers at the same time.

But now, it was not just thousands… it was hundreds of thousands.

The entire vast mass of the two great armies was being healed and empowered, while Lady Nephis was nowhere in sight.

But even without seeing her, people knew who had saved them.

Voices rose here and there, full of gratitude, relief… and hope.

"Changing Star!'

"It's Lady Changing Star!

"Immortal Flame is with us!"

***

Sitting among the wounded soldiers that the petite fairy had rescued with the help of her terrifying cottage, Ray suddenly flinched.

'What the?!'

The interior of the cottage was suddenly much brighter than it had been before.

All around him, people were glowing…

He was glowing, too.

A familiar warmth filled his body, and the scrapes he had received during the battle disappeared without a trace. The same thing was happening to Fleur, and the two Sword Army Masters that had helped them survive.

In fact, the only person who wasn't shining with a soft radiance was their fairy hostess, who floated in the air with a confused expression on her impishly pretty face.

Ray recognized this feeling…

It was the same warmth he had felt while being healed by Lady Nephis.

Outside the window, the soldiers of the two great armies were all being mended by the white flames, descending upon the sea of Nightmare Creatures with renewed vigor.

One of the two Sword Army Masters was the first one to stand up, summoning his sword and pointing to the door with a determined expression.

"My fair lady, the benevolent mistress of the cottage… I, Tristan of Aegis Rose, am eternally grateful for your kindness. However, my honor compels me to rejoin the battle now that my wounds have been healed. Please, command your cottage to open its door!"

Ray and Fleur exchanged glances.

Rani and Tamar were still out there, somewhere, fighting for their lives.Master Tristan must not have recovered from the blow to his head yet, considering his bizarre manner of speech, but the gist of what he had said was right...

They could not hide away while their comrades were fighting and dying out there on the bloody battlefield.

When Fleur nodded subtly, Ray sighed and rose to his feet.

The rest of the soldiers slowly stood up, as well. They turned to the hostess of the monstrous cottage and waited, their eyes were full of somber resolve.

The petite fairy looked at them strangely.

There was a pause, and then, she said:

"The door has a handle, you know. You can just open it yourself…"

***

Rain stumbled and looked at Tamar with wide eyes.

It was not every day that she saw her friend… glowing softly with a beautiful white radiance, as if she was a celestial being.

'No, wait…'

Why was the Feather Knight glowing, as well?

Why was everyone?

…Everyone except for Rain herself and the towering steel fiend, that was.

Their wounds were healing in front of her eyes, and their movements had turned swifter, the bite of their blades deeper.

For a few moments, the Nightmare Creatures were actually pushed back.

Rain remained still for a moment.

'...It has to be Nephis, right?'

Her head turned, and she stared into the distance.

At the grotesque, harrowing, beautiful creature that towered above the shattered battlefield like a mountain.

Queen Song…

Just as Rain looked at her, a fiery white meteor suddenly pierced the darkness of the black sky and crashed into the towering figure of the Queen, causing a titanic explosion to shake the entire world.

That was Changing Star, returning from the heavens.

But there was something different about her now.

Rain could not see from the distance, however, she knew one thing — the Queen actually staggered from the blow despite not having been bothered by any attack before.

'W—wait…'

A moment later, Rain forgot all about Queen Song.

And about Changing Star, as well.It was because she sensed something… something that made her hair stand on end.

She sensed the shadows all across the battlefield growing deeper, darker, and infinitely colder than before.

As the great armies bathed in the warmth of the white flames, a sudden chill spread across the battlefield, as if death itself had let out a frigid breath.

And then, the shadows moved.




***
Chapter 2251: Supreme Shadow


***






A sudden chill spread across the battlefield, and a moment later, the darkness that had been pushed back by the sea of soft radiance seemed to grow deeper and darker, consuming the pure white light.

Far away from where Rain was shivering in the cold, the King of Swords stood above a fearsome black mask that lay on the ground. The merciless sunlight was pouring from the torn veil of clouds, and so, he remained motionless, his sword still reaching toward the enemy who had turned to ash.

His face was expressionless, but there was a hint of unease in his steely grey eyes.

The Lord of Shadows was gone, killed not by an enemy's blade, but by his own blade…

And yet, his shadow remained.

A disembodied shadow was a strange sight to behold, but it was the mask that made the King wary.

Laying atop the forlorn shadow, the fearsome maks stared back at him, impenetrable darkness nestling in its eyes…

And then, it trembled.

Almost at the same time, the blinding radiance of the incandescent white abyss dimmed. The veil of clouds repaired itself, and the space he had severed was mended, as well.

     Anvil was suddenly surrounded by cold darkness. 

The fearsome black mask rose into the air, the shadow of his slain enemy rising with it, taking shape… until it turned into a familiar figure.

The Lord of Shadows looked at the King of Swords coldly, as good as new.

Anvil seemed rattled for the first time in many, many years.

"...Impossible."

It was not that his enemy seemed to have come back to life after being burned to ash by the merciless sky of Godgrave... it was that his subtle, but chilling presence had somehow grown vastly more powerful, now dwarfing even Anvil's own.

The mask dissolved into shadows, revealing a handsome, pale face. There was a sinister smile on the young man's lips, but his black eyes remained bitingly cold.

Smiling darkly, Sunny looked at Anvin.

"Oh, but it is… it is possible, King of Swords."

He raised a hand,commanding Serpent to аssume the form of a black odachi, and inhaled the sweet air of the world of the living with a full chest.

…He felt incredible.

His body brimmed with ferocious power — more power than he had ever felt before. The difference between a Supreme physique and a Transcendent physique was not as vast as one between a Saint and a Master, but it was still substantial. The other changes that he had undergone were profound enough to make up for the relative modesty of his physical evolution.

He was still making sense of some of them, but other differences were quite apparent.

First of all, there was the quality of his essence. It had become far more potent, overflowing with an unfathomable amount of cold, fearsome power.

Second, there was the quantity of his essence. In short, it felt... endless.

Sunny possessed seven cores and Soul Weave, so the rate at which he replenished essence had always been abnormally swift. That rate had further improved now that he was Supreme, but it was not the main reason why his reserves of essence seemed inexhaustible.

Rather, it was because of the way he absorbed spirit essence. Before, Sunny could passively absorb small quantities of it when surrounded by his source element. But now, he was receiving a constant flow of it from his Domain — from every silent shadow resting in his soul.

His connection to the silent shadows had deepened and evolved, and since there were tens of thousands of them, the influx of essence from the shadows made it almost impossible for him to exhaust it.

In other words, a Sovereign had access to a nearly limitless amount of soul essence for as long as they were in their Domain. That explained a lot about how Anvil and Ki Song were able to wield their incredible powers, as well as some of their actions during the war…

But Sunny was not like them.

He was quite special. In fact, he was unique.

Because, unlike other Supremes, he carried his Domain within his soul. Therefore,his Domain was self-contained, and would be with him wherever he went. He did not need Citadels to make it stronger… he did not need loyal followers and the faith of the people, either.

All he needed was to collect the shadows of living beings by slaying them.

'What a frightening proposition.'

Sunny was scared to even imagine such power in the hands of someone who was not as reliably sane and mentally stable as he was…

The most drastic change, of course, was his Will. It had become a far more tangible force, now, as well as far more forceful. Sunny had known how to wield it before, but it was only after he clashed with Anvil and observed him using the Will as a weapon that he truly understood how to control it.

How to bend the world to his will.

It would take him some time to truly master that skill, of course, as well as incorporate it into his combat technique… but he already knew enough to make use of it in a battle.

There were quite a few changes of a lesser scale, too.

The Onyx Mantle, for example… was not Onyx anymore. His armor was still black, but the texture of its polished surface had changed, becoming even darker, even smoother… almost flawless. It had assumed a noble, somewhat eerie quality, as if carved from black jade.

The Onyx Mantle had evolved, as well, becoming the Jade Mantle.

Oh, and of course…

The very nature of his soul had changed.

The soul of an Ascended was contained within their body. The soul of a Transcended expanded beyond the body, partially fusing with the world. The vast soul of a Supreme, meanwhile… could be freely unleashed upon the world via the medium of a Domain, subjugating it.

That was the fundamental principle of what a Domain was, to begin with.

And so…

Looking at Anvil, Sunny unleashed his soul.

He manifested his Domain.

And as he did, the shadows across the fractured battlefield moved.




***
Chapter 2252: Sovereign of Death


***






Far away, a incandescent star fell from the dark sky, and a colossal explosion of white flame enveloped the dreadful figure of the Queen. The two unified great armies shone with beautiful light, pushing the flood of Nightmare Creatures back for a few short moments.

The wounded were healed, and the morale of those who had almost lost hope was bolstered.

Sunny smiled.

Nephis had succeeded, as well.

A profound relief flooded his heart. As much as Sunny had steeled it to accept the possibility that numerous people would die as a result of their rebellion, consumed by the Nightmare Spell, he was incredibly relieved to know that the worst had not come to pass.

Their plan had worked. Both Sunny and Nephis had become Supreme.

In fact, the two of them seemed to have attained Supremacy at the same time.

Nephis was already helping the two unified armies.

So…

     It was only proper for him to lend a hand, as well. 

Sunny allowed one of his shadows to separate itself from his body and dart away. Now that he was supreme, each of his shadows was deep and vast likе an ocean…

A few seconds later, the shadow reached its destination.

And opened like a gate that led to the tranquil depths of his lightless soul.

'Come forth, my shadows…'

Sunny laughed.

"Look closely, King of Swords. Look and see why war can never triumph over death!"

As his words echoed in the darkness, a cold wind blew across the battlefield, as though death itself had let out a frigid breath. The shadows moved, and dark figures slowly rose from them like an inky-black sea.

There were a myriad of them… some were small, some were enormous. Some were weak, some were immensely powerful. Some were human, while most were monstrous.

The army of shadows had left the peaceful stillness of his soul and entered the real world, flowing across the surface of the ancient bone in eerie silence.

The shadow of Mountain King was among them. There was a legion of Nightmare Creatures of the Forgotten Shore, led by the appalling Spire Messenger and the Forsaken Knight of the ruined cathedral, and a few Sleepers of the Bright Castle as well, led by the shadows of Harus, Caster, and the lost companions of the first Bright Lord.

The shadow of the Soul Devouring Tree towered above the battlefield, its enormous branches swaying in the wind.

There was a legion of abominations from the Chained Isles, too, led by the shadows of the War Maidens and the twin shadows of Solvane. The Barrow Wraiths Sunny had once slain while defending Rain's school from a Nightmare Gate were there, as well.

The largest legion by far was the Nightmare Creatures Sunny had slain in Antarctica — Fallen Titan Goliath was among them, as well as Winter Beast. There was also the Defiled Seeker of Truth, the Remnant of the Jade Queen, Sybil of the Fallen Grace… the shadows of Knight Amiran and Saint Dire Fang were there, too.

There were dreadful abominations of the Tomb of Ariel there, as well. The shadows of King Daeron and Wind Flower led them, standing side by side under the sky of the Dream Realm once again.

There were the shadows of various Nightmare Creatures he had killed while wandering the Dream Realm, forgotten by everyone.

Lastly, there was a vast legion of powerful Nightmare Creatures whom Sunny had slain here, in Godgrave. The six Saints of the Song Army he had killed were among them, too, led by the giant with the head of a jackal.

And at the head of the shadow army, serving as its general…

A taciturn knight in an intricate onyx armor sat atop a tenebrous steed, her graceful figure shrouded by a mantle of dread and darkness.

The only shadow that refused to answer Sunny's call was the shadow of Condemnation, which remained quietly in his soul. The rest of them, however, stirred as Saint raised her black sword.

Sunny smiled viciously and looked at Anvil.

"Kill them all."

Saint pointed her sword forward, and the sea of silent shadows surged. As it flowed forward in eerie silence,it separated into three forces.

One of the three forces came to the rescue of the human armies. Nephis had already bestowed the power of her radiant Domain upon the desperate soldiers, but now, countless shadows joined the fight, obliterating the Nightmare Creatures of the abominable jungle…

And with each creature they killed, a new shadow appeared on the surface of the dark lake within Sunny's soul, escaping it moments later to join the battle on his side.

The second force descended upon the puppets of the Queen, aiming to annihilate them all.

The third force clashed with the remnants of the storm of flying swords, destroying them one after another.

Looking at it, Sunny could not help but shiver.

Even he was a little afraid of his newfound power.

His power… just seemed exponentially terrifying. It was like Death itself.

But maybe that was what it meant, to be a Sovereign. Especially a Sovereign carrying the power of a Divine Aspect.

…And he had no doubt that the Dream Realm hid many horrors that could put even his terrible power to shame. Horrors that could break him, let alone stop him.

As his shadow legions were reaping lives and destroying the forces of the King and the Queen, Sunny turned to Anvil with a pleased smile.

"Not bad for a rookie Sovereign, don't you think?"

Anvil just stared at him coldly, a hint of unease in his grey eyes.

"Natural Supremacy? That is impossible. How did you…"

Sunny chuckled.

"Well, if you wish to know…"

He took a step forward.

"I traveled to the very edge of the Dream Realm, scaled the jagged peaks of the Hollow Mountains, descended to a land below the Underworld to seek counsel from the corpse of a forgotten godslayer, killed the shadow of a corrupted god, forged a blessed sword for an incorruptible soul, cheated Death by taking my own life, and survived."

Then, he looked at Anvil with dark fury and added in a low voice:

"But mostly… I just really, really wanted to kill you. I guess you just pissed me off that badly,Anvil."

Grasping the hilt of his odachi, Sunny pointed it at the King of Sword.

"So, prepare to die, bastard."




***
Chapter 2253: Reversal


***






Even if Anvil had been rattled by the shocking turn of events, he did not allow himself to stay in that state for more than a few seconds.

After all, he had come to this battlefield to fight a Sovereign. It did not matter much to him whether he had to fight Ki Song or the Lord of Shadows…

There was a lot Sunny had to adjust to, however.

The fractured bone plain shuddered as he pushed against it with his foot. His newly found power was too vast, too tyrannical — underestimating his own speed, Sunny failed to align his sword properly and missed Anvil entirely, crashing into him instead of beheading him with one clean, ruthless strike.

Their clash caused a shockwave to tear the world apart, and Anvil was thrown dozens of metres back. The impact was truly terrible.

Sunny looked down at his armor, expecting to see fractures marring the smooth surface of the jet-black jade. However, to his surprise, the Mantle was entirely intact.

It was Anvil's impenetrable armor that dented, instead.

A vicious smile twisted Sunny's lips.

"You must have worked quite hard to forge this Supreme suit of armor..."

     A split second later, he was already upon Anvil, slashing down with his black odachi. His speed was so great that it seemed as if Sunny was blinking in and out of existence instead of moving across the weathered bone. 

Anvil still managed to deflect the blow, though, staggering back as a result.

Sunny smiled.

"...I bought my armor from a Sleeper for a fistful of soul shards."

Behind the smile, however, he was a little wary. Serpent's Class depended on Sunny's own, but its Rank depended on his mastery of Shadow Dance. So, it was still a Transcendent Titan despite Sunny already being a Supreme one… Anvil's condemning sword, though, was Sacred.

If Sunny was not careful, his Shadow could be destroyed.

So, he allowed three of his shadows to flow down his arms and envelop Serpent, instead, augmenting both its power and its resilience.'Huh…'

It was only then that Sunny considered his current state.

His original body had been destroyed, so only the seven incarnations remained. It was a strange reversal — before, he had been a human who needed to spend essence in order to turn into a shadow, but now being a shadow was his natural state. Instead, he needed to spend essence to assume the shape of a human.

The expenditure was minuscule compared to the unfathomable rate with which he replenished essence, but it was still a curious fact.

In any case, one of his shadows was serving as a gate for the silent legion, three were augmenting Serpent, and three were serving as his body now.

Which meant that he was still three times stronger than Anvil — more so, really, since the Shadow Realm Fragment was empowering him.

The King of Swords stood no chance… it was as if their roles had been reversed.

Sensing the gap but remaining indifferent to it, Anvil grasped the hilt of his Sacred sword with both hands and looked at Sunny somberly.

"You talk too much."

Sunny grinned as he raised the black odachi.

"That's because I have a lot to say…"

They clashed once again, moving with stunning speed. This time, Anvil was the one to lash out with his sword, empowering his attack with razor-sharp Will — just like he had done before to cut Sunny's courage, determination, and hope.

However, this time, his cold Will clashed with Sunny's own.

And although Sunny was new to wielding his Will in a battle, he managed to resist Anvil's ruthless strike unscathed.

His grin widened.

"Now, then. Let me get a few things off my chest…"

As the smile disappeared from his face, replaced by a chillingly cold expression, he exploded into a whirlwind of darkness. The clangor of steel roared above the fractured bone plain, and the ancient bone itself groaned, huge chunks of it plummeting into the black smoke veiling the burning Hollows below.

Sunny unleashed a barrage of strikes upon Anvil, suppressing him and pushing him back."Where should I start?"

He cut down, used the momentum of his deflected attack to close in, and rammed the King of Swords with his shoulder. Anvil let out a pained grunt.

"First of all… you are a rotten bastard. Even worse, you are also an utter fool. Did you really think that strangling your heart and turning yourself into an emotionless tyrant would save you from the curse of your Flaw? That you would not lose anything if you did not care about anything?"

Anvil caught the black blade of the serpentine odachi in a bind, but Sunny lowered his hands and easily overpowered him, circling the Sacred sword and pushing his own up. Anvil leaned back at the last moment, but a long cut was still left on his cheek, swelling with blood.

"...That is the entire reason you lost everything, you vile fool! If you were not such a sorry excuse of a father, your children would not have grown to despise you. And if you were not such a failure as a ruler, your subjects would not have turned their back on you. All of this mess… is your doing! One foolish man has almost destroyed the world! Bastard, are you proud of yourself?!"

Anvil did not respond, straining to survive in the onslaught of lethal attacks. Maybe engaging in a conversation was a luxury he could not afford at the moment… perhaps he simply did not care.

His cold grey eyes were calm and focused.

Sunny snarled, thrusting his odachi forward to destroy one of the red runes glowing on the surface of Anvil's armor.

"Secondly… damn, where do I even begin? Stifling humanity's growth to prevent more Gates from opening? Suppressing and eliminating our most talented warriors to stop them from becoming Saints? Abandoning billions of people to die because trying to save everyone seemed less likely to succeed? Starting a bloody damn war against fellow humans instead of aiming your precious swords at the Nightmare Creatures?! You scum… that was your grand strategy? That was the best you could do?!"

He growled and took a step forward instead of taking a step back to avoid the falling blade of Anvil's sword. Catching it on his odachi, Sunny pulled both blades downward and slammed his elbow into Anvil's face, feeling with great satisfaction something give under his titanic blow.

As Anvil staggered back once more, blood flowing from his nose, Sunny looked at him with murderous madness burning in his black, terrifying eyes.

"And lastly..."

He aimed his odachi at Anvil's heart.

"Bastard, what nonsense were you spouting about forging Nephis into a flawless sword? How fucking unhinged are you, you piece of trash? Come on, say it again… I dare you! Say it one last time before I pull your tongue out, cut it, and then feed it back to you. I'm listening!"

The black odachi lashed out once again, throwing Anvil to his knees.

Bloodied and reeling, the King of Swords looked up at Sunny…

And smiled.




***
Chapter 2254: Spirit of Flame


***






Their clash had been swift, but violent.

However, it was also… a bit one-sided, which left Sunny wanting more.

Well, there was no helping it. As much as he would have wanted to break the King of Swords slowly, now that he was a Supreme, the imbalance of power between them was simply too great.

It was not only because Sunny was a Supreme Titan while Anvil was a Supreme Beast, or because of the fact that Sunny wielded a Divine Aspect — it was also due to the fact that Anvil's powers were both undermined and severely suppressed.

His Aspect was one of a craftsman and enchanter, as well, only loosely tied to combat. Anvil's armour and sword had flared with various potent enchantments while they fought, but Sunny was powerful and resilient enough to shrug the effects off.

It was almost like Anvil's own strategy during the war...

Nothing was of use in the face of overwhelming strength.

And there were six incarnations of Sunny, while Anvil was alone.

So, the King of Swords looked quite battered by now.

     Many of the runes glowing on his armour had been destroyed, and the armor itself was slow to repair itself after enduring numerous blows. His face was bloodied, and his hair was wet with sweat despite the chilling cold. Even his Sacred sword was nicked, its blade damaged in several places. 

Nevertheless, Anvil did not seem disturbed.

Instead, creepily enough, his smile seemed genuine when he looked up at Sunny.

'...What is this bastard smiling about?'

Anvil remained silent for a few moments, then spoke in a hoarse voice:

"You can mock me all you want, Lord of Shadows. But… look… isn't my masterpiece beautiful?"

With that, he turned his head and looked into the distance, where the towering figure of the Queen was staggering after enduring the annihilating shockwave of a awful explosion.

As Sunny's face contorted in a wrathful grimace, he added:

"She has surprised me once more. She... is complete."

***

Far away,Nephis had descended from the godless sky like a falling star. The darkness welcomed her with a soothing cold, and a split second later, she collided with the colossal vessel of the Queen, her flames blossoming into a terrifying explosion.

This time, the titanic creature actually staggered. More importantly, the burns on its flesh did not disappear immediately.

In that short moment when Ki Song was reeling, Nephis looked to the spot where Sunny had been kneeling, on the verge of being killed by Anvil.

Her radiant figure suddenly shone even brighter.

'He's alive…'

A sense of profound relief washed over her.

Nephis had been scared that she would be late, but the Lord of Shadows did not need her help. Not only had he survived, but he had also achieved the same feat as her — he had broken the barrier preventing them from attaining Supremacy and became a Sovereign.

The Sovereign of Light, the Sovereign of Shadows…

With the two of them becoming Supreme against all odds, victory was all but assured.

'We've… won?'

She allowed herself to bask in that startling realization for a moment, then strangled it ruthlessly.

Arrogance was a deadly poison. Sure, it seemed like Anvil and Ki Song, who had been weakened by their nefarious plot and by battling each other, were at a dire disadvantage against the usurpers… but it was in these last moments when victory seemed so near that one could touch it when countless warriors had perished, lulled into complacency by the illusion of safety.

Nephis was not going to make the same mistake.

Some distance away, the two great armies were shining with the radiance of her newly established Domain. The darkness stirred, and countless shadows rose from its depths, descending upon their enemies… Nephis thought that she saw a few familiar figures among the dark legion, but her mind soon wandered back to her enemy.

The Queen had regained her balance in mere moments and froze,studying her with the eerily empty canvas of the golem's featureless face.

"...Supremacy?"

Instead of answering, Nephis raised the Blessing and delivered an annihilating strike.

She had nothing to say.

Her soul had been destroyed and then rebuilt countless times, and the cores she had sacrificed were now whole again. So, in the end, she did not have to use the [Ruin] trait of the Blessing — at least for now. She was not that desperate yet.

But there was still a problem…

Even now that the Blessing had become a Supreme blade, channeling Supreme soul flame, the damage it dealt was not significant enough to seriously harm the colossal flesh golem. What's more, the Queen could transfer all harm to her countless puppets, and although they were being destroyed by the legion of shadows, they had not been destroyed yet.

Nephis needed a different way to attack the Queen… a more monstrous attack, and one that could be sustained instead of being momentary.

Landing on the ground, Nephis looked up at the harrowing creature that she needed to destroy… she could not even see all of it from that angle because of how immensely tall the titanic flesh golem was.

She was like a speck of dust in front of a mountain, full of resolve to bring the mountain down.

Lowering her head, Nephis took a deep breath — or went through the motions of doing so, rather, since her current form neither had lungs nor needed to breathe.

She was still in the form of the spirit of light. Her radiant figure was like a vessel that struggled to contain an ocean of furious flame…

And as the Queen leaned down to crush that vessel, Nephis looked up with cold contempt, unleashing the flame.

Allowing the thin barrier of the human-like form to dissolve into pure radiance, thus assuming her true Transcendent form.

An unimaginable, roaring mass of white flame escaped from her disappearing figure, rising to meet the Queen. The flames moved with purpose and intent, like a living creature,the billowing cloud of them constantly shifting and dancing in the vast darkness of the fractured battlefield.

The darkness reeled back in fear.

The vessel of the Queen was more than a kilometer tall… and so, the mass of white flames rose to be more than a kilometer tall.

It fell upon the titanic creature, burning it.

And then enveloped it whole.




***
Chapter 2255: Shadow Legion


***






Out there on the battlefield, Sid rolled, evading the maw of the grotesque Nightmare Creature she and Felise were fighting. The abomination moved on the edge between the radiance emanated by the human army and the deep darkness that surrounded it, its shape both hulking and indescribably frightening.

The situation had vastly improved after the miraculous flames enveloped the desperate soldiers. Awash in pure light and empowered by its brilliance, they cast their despair away and threw themselves into the battle with renewed vigor. Not only had they become stronger, but their wounds would also heal and disappear without leaving a trace…

It was as if they were immortal.

An immortal army of hundreds of thousands of Awakened — could there be anything more terrifying?

The endless flood of terrifying abominations suddenly did not seem so fearsome anymore. But therein lay the problem… while it felt like the soldiers had become immortal, they had not. They recovered from dire wounds in mere moments, but if a person was outright killed or torn to pieces, even the miraculous flames would not save them.

So, the battle was far from being over, and survival was still not guaranteed.

That was why Sid cursed as she scrambled to evade the lunging Nightmare Creature.

However…

The Nightmare Creature never reached it.

     A chilling wind blew across the battlefield, and the shadows moved. In the next moment, the lunging beast slammed into the ground, convulsed, and let out a frightened wail. Something massive was in the darkness behind it, pinning it to the ground, hurting it. 

As Sid watched in stunned horror, the colossal abomination was dragged into the darkness in the blink of an eye. Its wail was cut off abruptly.

All she saw out there was a glimpse of a terrifying beak, a mess of gaunt limbs, and a mass of black feathers.

A deep fear that she thought she had forgotten rose from the depths of her heart and grasped it with icy claws.

Looking at Felise,Sid shivered and said, her stunned voice full of disbelief:

"S—Spire Messenger? It was a Spire Messenger?"

What was one of those cursed things doing in Godgrave?

…At the same time, all around the battlefield, the silent legion of shadows descended on the spawns of the scarlet jungle.

A harrowing massacre unlike anything the seasoned warriors of the great armies had seen before began, washing the white bone in blood.

In one corner of the battlefield, Revel was kneeling on the ground, pale and weak from paying the price for having gone against her Flaw to join the battle in daylight. She could barely move…

Before she was swallowed by a towering Great abomination, though, the shadow of a giant with the head of a jackal slammed into it, and the shadow of a monstrous wolf-like warrior sank its gangs into the creature's throat.

Her eyes widened.

Somewhere else, Seishan, Cassie, and Moonveil were fighting side by side — the latter had recovered from her wounds thanks to the white flames, but was still a bit dazed. As they were besieged by a swarm of grotesque spider-like monstrosities, twin shadows of a stunningly beautiful woman cut into the swarm, tearing the abominations apart.

All around the battlefield, the soldiers watched in awe and terror as the eerie legion of silent shadows flowed out of the darkness like a river, slaughtering their enemies. Most of the shadows were just as dreadful as the Nightmare Creatures that besieged the radiant army, and yet there was no mistaking who commanded them.

"The Lord of Shadows!"

It was hard not to realize that it was the sinister sellsword Saint who had summoned the dark legion from the depths of some forgotten hell, considering that his famous Echo was leading the silent charge, galloping atop the dreadful steed as her black blade rose and fell, reaping the lives of powerful abominations like Death's own scythe.

Two furious crimson flames burned behind the visor of her helmet,and a trail of severed bodies was left in her wake.

The graceful knight of darkness was not the only being whom the soldiers recognized, though.

All across the battlefield, those who had been in the Antarctic Center during the Chain of Nightmares faltered for a moment, looking up at the towering figure of the Fallen Titan, Goliath.

The Fire Keepers and the Handmaidens caught glimpses of the Nightmare Creatures of the Forgotten Shore.

Others were terrified to see the hulking figures of the dreadful abominations who had been slain in front of their eyes during the conquest of Godgrave.

It was as if the gates of the Land of the Dead had been opened.

There were many instances like that, instilling the soldiers with relief, gratitude, and fear in equal parts.

Even knowing that the silent legion belonged to the Lord of Shadows, it was hard not to fear it… and fear him, as well.

At a certain spot on the battlefield, Rain let out a long sigh and lowered her tachi for a moment. Tamar was looking around with a pale face by her side, while the Feather Knight stared at a bizarre figure that moved across the sky in the distance, half-obscured by the vast whirlwind of flying swords.

"This… this is… it's Winter Beast."

Her voice was full of wariness and loathing.

Rain gave her a long look, and then forced out a smile.

"Don't worry. I am quite certain that these things won't hurt us. They belong to my brother, I think."

Telle and Tamar turned to her with similarly confused expressions.

"You brother?"

"You have a brother?"

Rain coughed and scratched the back in embarrassment.

"Uh… yes. Actually, you already met him."

Tamar raised an eyebrow.

"I did?"

Noticing another Nightmare Creature barreling towards them, Rain raised her tachi.

"Yeah. My brother… he is the…"

The rest of her sentence drowned in a bestial howl of the lunging abomination.

Far away, the colossal vessel of the Queen was being consumed by the dancing mass of white flames. She clawed at her own flesh,trying to extinguish the fire that was consuming her, but to no avail.

The flesh golem was being annihilated by the fire faster than Ki Song could repair its flesh. At the same time, Nephis was healing her soul faster than Ki Song could destroy it…

Until the Queen shifted strategy, transferring the damage dealt to her vessel away.

Almost instantly, countless puppets across the battlefield ignited like torches and turned to ash.

A moment later, even more burned, and a moment after that, even more…

It did buy Ki Song some time, allowing her to unleash the full power of her insidious Aspect upon Nephis and temporarily catch up to her in their vicious battle of attrition.

There were not that many of her puppet's left on the battlefield, though.

And even those that remained were being swiftly burned by the flames and slaughtered by the shadows.




***
Chapter 2256: Abominable Curse


***






"...She is complete."

Sunny traced Anvil's gaze and remained motionless for a few moments, looking at the towering figure of the Queen's vessel, which was enveloped by white flame like a gargantuan pyre. Her dead flesh was burning.

Sunny's pale face was illuminated by the distant light of Neph's Transcendent form.

Looking at her, he took a deep breath and forced his murderous anger to subside.

His expression turned cold and somber.

Glancing at Anvil, he remained silent for a bit, and then said with a hint of disdain in his voice:

"You see, this is your root problem. A failure of imagination — or ambition, perhaps."

Taking a step forward, Sunny pressed the tip of his odachi against Anvil's neck.

"Nephis? Complete? She is not complete, Anvil… she won't be complete until she becomes Divine. Unlike you and the other two ghouls, she will not surrender until she conquers the Nightmare Spell entirely. That, in the end, is your sin. That is the reason why you don't deserve to sit on the throne of humanity, and she does. That is why you must die."

     Anvil glanced at him with a dark smile. 

"Funny, isn't it?"

Sunny's expression grew colder.

"And what, exactly, do you find so funny?"

Anvil shrugged.

"She is just like her father, in that regard. Ah… but I think that she resembles her mother much more, instead."

Sunny took a deep breath, holding himself back.

There was a reason why he was wasting time conversing with Anvil instead of simply finishing him off, of course. It was not because Sunny had suddenly developed a fondness for villainous monologues… although he would lie if he said that giving Anvil a piece of his mind had not felt good.

No, it was because Sunny had to get something out of Anvil before the King of Swords met an ignoble end.

There was something he had to know.

He exhaled slowly.

"Right… you bastards killed Broken Sword, as well. Was that also for the greater good?"

Anvil's eyes darkened.

"You should know by now why he had to die,Lord of Shadows. All of this could have been avoided if not for that selfish man's folly."

Sunny smiled faintly, suppressing the desire to cut off the King's self-righteous head.

Controlling his expression, he said:

"Enlighten me."

Anvil let out a sigh and calmly looked Sunny in the eye.

"It was because he absorbed Weaver's forbidden Lineage, of course. Our hands were tied the moment he did."

Sunny allowed himself to frown slightly, pretending to be clueless.

As far as everyone was concerned — even Cassie and Nephis — he was the heir of Shadow God. No one knew that Weaver's blood flowed in his veins, instead.

Anvil would not know, either.

He raised an eyebrow and asked, hiding how vital knowing the answer to that question was to him:

"And why was that so important? What was it about Weaver's lineage that made you betray your comrade? To kill your own leader?"

Anvil smiled coldly.

"Children… you don't know anything, do you? Well, no surprise. Some things are not meant to be known by mere mortals."

As the hurricane of swords above them shifted, numerous blades changing direction, he leaned forward a little and asked:

"Why did Broken Sword have to die? Let me ask you a question instead, Lord of Shadows… have you ever been to the Chained Isles? You should have. Why did the gods destroy Hope's kingdom and imprison her in the Ivory Tower?"

This time, Sunny's frown was genuine.

He hesitated for a few moments, and then responded in a subdued voice:

"Because daemons… were their Flaw."

Anvil chuckled.

"Indeed, daemons were the Flaw of the gods. Because daemons were children of the Forgotten God."

Sunny drew a breath as Anvil shook his head and continued:

"And yet, the gods did not punish and imprison all seven daemons. Only Hope. Why was that?"

Sunny hesitated with the answer.

"I'm not sure. I heard once… that it was because she was the only daemon who was worshiped by humans."

Anviled looked at him with a grim resignation and nodded,not paying attention to the blade of the odachi that had cut into his neck.

"Yes. It was because Hope was the only daemon who was benevolent toward humans, those who carried the sparks of the original Desire. She came to live among them, cared for them, and bestowed gifts upon them. As a result, she was beloved by humans… worshiped by them."

His voice turned heavy and dark:

"But she was a daughter of the Forgotten God. She carried the Lineage of the Forgotten God. And therefore, everyone who worshiped her… was worshiping the Forgotten God. Was propagating his name, his divinity, and his power. And the more they did…"

Sunny's eyes widened slowly, but Anvil did not seem to notice, continuing in the same stark tone:

"The more he stirred in his slumber, coming closer and closer to awakening. That was why the gods destroyed the Kingdom of Hope and imprisoned her. That was why they had forbidden the daemons from siring offspring, as well. And that is why Weaver's Lineage, created in secret, is an abominable curse that should never have existed."

He gritted his teeth.

"The Forgotten God is closer to awakening today than he has ever been. Now, then… imagine if Broken Sword — the most revered hero of humanity — was allowed to build a vast and powerful Domain while carrying that abominable curse. How many humans would have known him, loved him, and worshiped him? What would have happened then?"

Sunny shivered, feeling his mind go blank for a moment.

He did not know what to answer… he did not want to know the answer.

He would not have answered if not for the pain of his Flaw, which forced him to be honest even if he wished to deceive himself.

Feeling something cold permeate his chest, he said slowly:

"The Forgotten God… would have grown more aware of reality. Or maybe even awakened from his slumber completely."

Hearing his words, Anvil smiled darkly.

"Yes. Now, you know... that is why we killed Broken Sword. Because an heir of Weaver must never be known,must never be loved, and must never be worshiped by humanity."




***
Chapter 2257: Mercy of Shadow


***






'Must never be known. Must never be loved. Must never be worshiped.'

Sunny stared at Anvil, no emotion showing itself on his face.

A deep, boundless darkness nestled in his eyes.

Far above them, all around them, numerous flying swords rustled as they slowly assembled into a gargantuan dome…

Sunny looked up, then sighed deeply.

'...Good thing I became fateless, then.'

The world had forgotten him, after all.

Nobody could love him…

Because nobody could know him.

     Not truly, anyway. 

As the full weight of that realization settled on his heart, he raised his head and looked into the distance. There, the titanic vessel of the Queen was being consumed by fire.

The distant radiance of the stunning white flames illuminated his face, but failed to dispel the shadow drowning his eyes.

Sunny remained motionless for a few moments, then lowered his gaze to the ground.

'And good thing I had always shied away from the spotlight.'

He had been pushed to hide the full extent of his power by the very nature of his Aspect, staying in the shadows and avoiding being noticed, let alone known. Unlike Broken Sword, who had been the most renowned and revered warrior of humanity, Sunny used to be seen as merely a supporting character of someone else's story.

It was as if fate had been guiding him to this moment from the very first day. It had both led him to the forbidden lineage of Weaver and given him the necessary tools to escape its curse.

Even without knowing the reason why the Weave had been forbidden, Sunny mostly managed to avoid paying the price for receiving its incredible boons.

Earning a True Name in the First Nightmare, possessing a Divine Aspect, finding a Lineage Memory, and accomplishing all his astonishing feats... anyone else would have become a venerated champion of humanity, but Sunny had hidden himself well. He detested the idea of being called a hero, anyway, so staying in the shadows suited his tastes far more.Nephis could stay in the spotlight for both of them.

There was a small problem, though…

Sunny had done well in the past, but currently, he was not doing that great as far as remaining unnoticed went. In fact, he really messed up.

Sleeper Sunless, Awakened Sunless, and Master Sunless were all obscure and seemingly insignificant figures.

The Lord of Shadows, however, was quite infamous. Worse than that, he was poised to become a Sovereign. His renown would explode and spread throughout both worlds, surpassing even that of Broken Sword…

Because Broken Sword, despite all his accomplishments, had been a mere Saint in the public's eye — the first and the most powerful of all human Saints at the time, but still only a Transcendent. Sunny, however, was a demigod now.

Not only was he a demigod, but he was also the only equal Nephis, the shining star of humanity, had. Her counterpart, most powerful ally, and rumored lover as well.

In other words, he had entered the stage — and the spotlight — in a manner that was impossible to conceal. Once the war was over, billions of people would come to know him, and although it was doubtful that he would be beloved by many, he would definitely be feared, revered, and worshiped by all.

The soldiers of the two great armies would return home to spread the tales of his terrifying power and merciless blade. They would also be full of gratitude since he had saved countless lives.

And his fame would only grow from there.

'Ah. How troublesome.'

The future was not entirely grim, though. There was a silver lining, as well… it was that Sunny's Domain did not depend on people. He only needed shadows, and shadows — unlike humans — did not carry the sparks of the original Desire in their souls. Shadows did not even have souls, really, so being worshipped by them would not bring about the end of the world.

So, Sunny did not have to cripple his power if he wished to avoid disturbing the slumber of the Forgotten God, who would swallow all of existence if awakened. Which was good, because they were going to need all the power they could get.

He only needed to disappear into the shadows again, somehow.

"...Hypocrite."

Shaking off his reverie, Sunny looked at Anvil with a calm, cold expression and said in a measured tone:

"I really hate hypocrites like you the most, Anvil. You say that Broken Sword had to be killed to prevent humanity from worshiping him… and yet, you Sovereigns managed to hide your own existence for almost two decades, all in order to contain Asterion. Why was it that you could hide, but Broken Sword had to die?"

He shook his head in contempt.

"No... just admit it. Be honest for once. You killed him because you hated him. As simple as that."

Anvil smiled coldly as Sunny raised a hand, having removed it from the hilt of his odachi.

"...What do you even know about hatred, boy?"

With that, his presence exploded with tyrannical power, and the storm of swords around them froze, numerous blades assembled into gargantuan runes. The runes ignited with vermilion radiance, and Sunny suddenly found himself awash in a blood-red glow.

As Anvil moved his hand, a single harrowing blade fell from the sky, and the sky itself seemed to follow. A hurricane rose, the wind howling deafeningly as it swirled around them, and as the falling sword plummeted from the heights, its dreadful sharpness seemed to grow exponentially keener with each glowing ring of runes that it pierced...

Until it seemed sharp enough to cut the fractured bone plain, sever the floor of the burning Hollows, and part the sea of ash below.

…Of course, first, it would pierce Sunny first.

Looking up, Sunny grasped the Memory that he had summoned a moment before and raised his hand higher.

The severing sword fell on him in a furious maelstrom of wind. The powerful gale raised a cloud of ash into the air, and by the time the ash settled…

Sunny was still standing in the same spot, unmoved,and entirely unscathed.

There was a small stone lantern in his hand, its gate wide open.

Lowering it, he slowly closed the gate with his thumb.

Anvil's eyes widened.

"How… did you withstand that attack?"

Above them, the runes lost their glow, and countless flying swords crumbled into a river of scarlet sparks.

Sunny smiled.

"I did not withstand it. I simply sent your sword into the Shadow Realm. Why should I overcome your great power when I can escape it with a little trick, instead?"

The smile drained slowly from his face.

"Now, then…"

The black odachi lashed out, sinking into Anvil's flesh.

Sunny's expression turned dark and chilling.

"This is for the soldiers of the First Evacuation Army and the people of Falcon Scott, whom you abandoned to death. Samara, Dorn, Belle… and countless others. Remember their names, bastard."

The King of Swords managed to avoid a fatal blow, but Sunny was already delivering another slash. Anvil tried to deflect it with his vambrace, but failed. Red blood flowed onto the white bone, and a severed hand fell onto the ground.

"This is for the soldiers who died here in Godgrave, fighting in your senseless war. Each and every one of them was a person, Anvil, not a statistic. None of them had to die. Though I doubt that a monster like you would care."

Anvil did not react to losing a hand and instead staggered back in an attempt to retreat.

But there was no escape from Sunny.

The black odachi bit deep into Anvil's thigh, leaving a dreadful wound on it. More blood splattered onto the surface of the ancient bone.

"This is for Nephis, whose childhood you destroyed. You cruel, vicious thug… did you have fun tormenting a child? Taste some torment from me, then."

Gritting his teeth, Sunny kicked Anvil in the wounded thigh and watched him fall to his knees.

A rain of swords plummeted from the sky to destroy Sunny, but a great wave of shadows rose from the ground and turned into an impregnable wall,preventing them from interrupting him.

He took a deep breath.

"And this… this is for me. This is for all the suffering I had to go through because of you, and others like you."

Many things hand changed about him, but one of them remained the same. Sunny... Sunny never forgot his grudges.

Looking at the kneeling King with cold contempt, he raised his odachi and prepared to deliver the final strike.

For the first time, a clear emotion ignited in Anvil's eyes.

Anger... reluctance... despair…

He struggled to stand up, blood flowing down his mangled armor.

"You… you can't kill me… Nephis, she is the one who…"

Sunny struck down without waiting to hear the rest.

The black blade of his serpentine odachi passed through the King's neck without meeting much resistance, and a severed head rolled to the ground.

The iron crown slipped off and fell onto the bloodied bone with a rattle.

Anvil's body swayed, and then toppled heavily in the clangor of steel.

Far above, all of the remaining swords dissolved into a storm of sparks, and for a moment, it seemed as if the sky was aflame with scarlet light.

It was really a breathtaking sight.

Looking at it, Sunny could not help by remember the crimson tapestry of polar lights above Antarctica.

As the sparks disappeared, he took a deep sigh and closed his eyes.

A few moments later, Sunny said quietly:

"Find peace within me… even if it's more than you deserve, bastard."

This was the mercy of Shadow.




***
Chapter 2258: Regicide


***






Far away, the colossal vessel of the Queen crumbled, its flesh burned away by the furious mass of white flames. The river of blood that had been contained within it boiled as it escaped. A billowing, scorching cloud of crimson vapor obscured the world, and in that haze, the flames condensed to form a beautiful figure.

She seemed to be woven out of pure radiance, her silhouette both vague and blinding.

Her incandescent sword fell without mercy, parting the river of blood.

A sound that resembled both the murmur of a vast sea and an agonized groan rolled over the fractured battlefield. Hundreds of puppets were severed, and countless more turned to ash.

Nephis pursued her enemy, her sword and her will relentless.

An enemy like her was a fearsome obstacle for the Queen. After all, the Queen held authority over blood and decay, while Nephis possessed no blood in her Transcendent form, and could resist decay with her flames. Her soul was still susceptible to the insidious influence of Ki Song's Aspect, but thanks to the Blessing, her power only grew in proportion to how badly her soul was damaged.

That is why Nephis had chosen to fight Ki Song, the stronger of the two Sovereigns, while relying on Sunny to face Anvil.

That was why she was winning.

She was going to kill the Queen soon.

     'How… strange.' 

Even focused entirely on the battle, Nephis found herself distracted by the reality of what was transpiring.

She had spent most of her life waiting for this moment. Waiting for revenge. From the moment the Immortal Flame clan fell into neglect and obscurity until now, she always knew that she would kill the traitors who had ruined her family one day.

Her hatred of the Sovereigns did not originate from one source, from one fateful injustice. Instead, it was born from a thousand unforgivable grievances that she had endured growing up.The hideous trauma of the violence perpetrated against her as a child… the deaths of the loyal servants who had chosen to remain with the falling clan despite the danger… the subtle look of defeat and despair that appeared on her grandmother's stoic face from time to time, when she thought that no one was watching.

All of this and more. So much more.

That was why Nephis had expected to feel a storm of emotions when the day of her vengeance finally came. An unbearably bitter, but indescribable sweet feeling of bloodthirsty glee… a fury beyond anything she could ever imagine...

But now that her goal was so close, she found herself feeling surprisingly little.

It was partially — mostly, perhaps — because her feelings had been burned away by the cleansing ruthlessness of her Flaw. But it was also because killing the Sovereigns had never really been her true goal.

The Sovereigns, odious as they had become, were merely a symptom of the larger curse that plagued the world.

The world itself was the problem.

The children who died in the throes of the First Nightmare. The adults who grew up to become callous and heartless, twisted by the fear of falling asleep. The Nightmare Gates that opened near parks and schools, the frenzied monster that roamed the streets looking for prey.

The incalculable loss and sorrow that countless people felt every day...

The Nightmare Spell.

The Sovereigns might have killed her father and obliterated her clan, but it was the Nightmare Spell that had created the Sovereigns. It was also the Nightmare Spell that had taken her mother and grandfather away along with an entire continent.

That was what Nephis had once believed, at least. Now, she wasn't even sure if the Nightmare Spell was the cause, or merely another symptom.

In any case, disposing of the Sovereigns was just a stepping stone to reaching her true goal. She was not a trembling child to whom the three Supremes were like unfathomable monsters anymore…

She had outgrown them.Still… Nepis had hoped to feel something, at least. If not for her own sake, then at least for her father's.

But reality was cruel.

Just like Nephis was cruel.

As her searing sword cut the river of blood, annihilating some of it, the number of puppets continued to dwindle.

Until there was none left.

And then, the moment she was wary of came…

Far away, in the midst of the great unified army, Cassie staggered and screamed. Then, her flesh started to blacken, as if it was being burned from the inside… Nephis could not see it, of course, because of the distance separating them, but she could feel her friend's desire for relief from the terrible agony through the connection they shared due to her Domain.

As Cassie burned, her crumbling body was enveloped by a beautiful white radiance and healed.

...Only to be burned again the next time Nephis brought her sword down on the dwindling river of blood.

And as her delicate body was destroyed and rebuilt, a tiny drop of the Queen's blood coursing through her veins, mixed with her own, was annihilated — a tiny drop, but not all of it by far.

The Queen spoke to her then:

"Don't you feel pity for your friend?"

Did she?

Nephis wasn't sure that she did. That she was capable of feeling anything, anymore.

But then…

Finally, an emotion came.

It was not fury, not bloodlust, and not the dark glee of being close to exacting her vengeance.

Instead, it was… compassion.

It was concern and worry for her friend.

It was also relief of being able to feel anything at all.

Nephis did not seem to have lost all of her humanity, in the end...

Perhaps her efforts to ground herself in human things and passion had not been in vain, after all.

'I'm sorry, Cassie…'

Descending upon the Queen in a storm of flame, Nephis continued to cause her friend indescribable pain and heal her.

"Can you feel it, Queen Song? Your daughters have turned their backs on you. Your callousness has driven even them away, and now, they are a part of my Domain."

It wasn't all of them, just yet. But Seishan was the key. With her choosing her sisters over her mother, Moonveil had followed… Beastmaster, as well. The rest would fall behind their eldest sister, too.

Boiling and seething, the greatly diminished river of blood rippled and coalesced into a human figure. Ki Song looked at Nephis, a pale smile illuminating her beautiful face.

"Are you saying this to shake my resolve?"

Nephis shook her head.

"I just want to see if you care about them at all."

The Blessing lashed out once again, scorching the ancient bone and forcing Ki Song to retreat.

"Beastmaster was barely alive when I healed her. Moonveil was dying… she would have been dead by now, if not for me. Their mother led them to their deaths, while their enemy saved them. Isn't that ironic? Even as we speak, my flames are permeating them, granting them power. However…"

Her voice grew cold.

"My flames can both create and destroy. Now that they are a part of my Domain… do you think I can burn them to ash, instead? Shall we see?"

The smile on Ki Song's face turned brittle.

"Are you threatening to kill my daughters, Nephis?"

Instead of answering, Nephis lunged forward and pierced her with the incandescent blade of the Blessing.

Far away, a terrible wound opened on Cassie's chest, and she fell to her knees, her flesh being burned and blackened, then mended by the white flames.

Nephis felt a new emotion…

It was anguish.

This battle of theirs was going to end soon.

She said calmly:

"No… I am promising to keep them alive. As long as you don't retreat from this battlefield until one of us is dead."

The Queen had to have other puppets hidden in secretive places. Even if Kai had managed to destroy those that had been left in Ravenheart, there would have been more elsewhere. And since any of them could serve as Ki Song's primary vessel, the only way to kill her was to make sure that she chose to fight to her death.

The only weakness the Queen had was her daughters.Her love for them, no matter how twisted, was her flaw.

And Nephis was not above using that flaw to destroy her.

Ki Song raised a hand and grasped the scorching blade of the Blessing, looking at the beautiful spirit of light in front of her with her eerie dead eyes.

"Do you think you can kill me here, Nephis?"

Nephis channeled her flames through the Blessing, knowing that Cassie was screaming somewhere far away.

"Did you think that you could kill my father?"

As Ki Song pulled her closer and thrust her pale hand into the incinerating radiance of Neph's Transcendent form, shredding her soul with her Will, Nephis asked evenly:

"Did you think that you could destroy the Immortal Flame clan?"

The two of them stood still, ravaging each other.

"Did you think that the end justified the means? That all your sins would be forgiven, as long as you had won?"

There was one more emotion, now…

A strange, childish sense of hurt and resentment.

"Then why didn't you win?! If only you had won… then I wouldn't have to… I wouldn't be suffering all this pain because of you!"

Somewhere far away, the last of the Queen's blood evaporated from Cassie's veins. The blind seer curled on the ground, shuddering, tears streaming down her blackened face.

Moments later, the soft radiance erased the terrible burns, restoring her exquisite beauty.

But the echoes of pain in her eyes remained.

Ki Song slowly shook her head, her smile slowly crumbling.

"You don't even know… what you are unleashing, child…"

And then…

She burned.

She burned and burned, disappearing into the merciless flames.

But until the very end, she did not retreat.

That was how Ki Song, the Raven Queen, died.




***
Chapter 2259: Triumph


***






Sunny stood above Anvil's corpse, looking silently into the distance.

The battlefield had grown eerily quiet, at some point.

The storm of swords was gone. The sea of dead puppets had been eradicated, as well. Now, his shadows were finishing off the remaining Nightmare Creatures of the jungle… and the few Great Ones whom he had brought here himself, as well.

The battle was all but over.

And with it, the war was all but over too.

A deep sigh escaped from his lips.

'The Sovereigns… are no more.'

Well, two of them were no more, at least.

The third one still remained somewhere out there, shrouded in mystery.

     But that was a problem for another day. 

'Come to think of it, we are the Sovereigns now, instead.'

Sunny could not quite fathom that everything had ended just like that. He had been preparing for this battle for close to two years… Nephis and Cassie had been building up to this moment for much longer, still. The threat of the Sovereigns had been so oppressive, and had ruled their every breathing moment for so long, that it was hard to accept the fact that it was all over.

But maybe that was the point.

After all, the very reason they had conspired to eliminate the Sovereigns was that the Sovereigns were incompetent. Despite their great accomplishments, Anvil and Ki Song had been inadequate in front of the dire trials facing humanity today.

They had been a titan with feet of clay.

The King of Swords, that madman, had even wanted to die… at least that was the feeling Sunny got there, at the last moments. Granted, Anvil had wanted to die in a different way.

The road to Supremacy had been long and arduous, but the battle itself was swift and decisive.

It was a triumph.

But...

'When did it all go wrong for them?'

And would the same happen to him and Nephis?

Surely, not.

If for no other reason than that they already had a bitter example of what not to do.

'...We've won.'

Sunny finally realized that unbelievable fact.

Unlikely as it was,their conspiracy had achieved its goal. The tyrants were gone, and he and Nephis were perfectly poised to usurp their thrones.

There was just one problem…

As he stood without movement, there was a rustle of wings, and Nephis landed on the ground behind him. She had assumed her human form once again, the fiery radiance of her true self only betrayed by the blinding white radiance burning in her eyes.

Her face was still and expressionless, devoid of any emotion. She must have lost the ability to feel once again… perhaps she had lost more than ever before, having undergone the terrible trial of attaining Supremacy in the incandescent white abyss of the merciless sky above Godgrave.

She looked at Anvil's corpse, not showing any particular reaction.

After a while, Nephis said:

"Somehow, I… I imagined that I would be the one to kill him."

Sunny had imagined the same, as well. He had even considered leaving the King of Swords alive for a bit longer to let Nephis find closure by confronting him one last time…

For the first time, really. She had never faced Anvil, her father's killer, without a veil of deceit hiding her true feelings before.

And now, she never would.

There was little closure to find on this ravaged battlefield, today.

If there was, it would have been neither Sunny nor Nephis who killed the King. It would have been his son, Mordret, instead.

Actually, Sunny was quite surprised that Mordret had not shown up until the very end. He had been completely sure that the Prince of Nothing would pull some stunt or another during the battle.

Perhaps something went wrong in True Bastion, preventing Mordret from playing his carefully prepared cards?

Granted, he must not have expected to be forced to fight a Cursed Demon today.

Sunny sighed.

"Killing him… was easier than I had expected."

Nephis turned to him and remained silent for a few moments.

"Maybe it was because he was already dead, where it counts. You would not know,because you have not spent a lot of time around Hollows… but looking into his eyes felt like looking into my mother's eyes, sometimes. It was an eerie feeling."

Sunny lingered a bit, then asked:

"What about the Queen?"

Nephis answered evenly:

"The Queen was fierce. The Queen was powerful. She… fought until the very end."

Her radiant eyes dimmed slightly.

"But she had a weakness, and because of that weakness, she was undone."

'So Ki Song is dead too, then.'

It was really all over. They had succeeded.

Things went better than he had expected…

They went almost exactly as he had hoped.

Almost.

Sunny smiled darkly.

"Are you wondering if you have a weakness, as well?"

Nephis tilted her head a little, looking at him with her expressionless gaze.

"Everyone has a weakness, Sunny. I have a… couple, myself."

He nodded.

"How… do you feel? The Sovereigns are dead. Your family is avenged. You must have waited for this moment for so long, and now it's here."

She lingered for a bit.

"I don't feel much of anything, really… yet. I think I will feel more later. For now, I am simply content. A hard task is over. More arduous tasks are to come."

Sunny sighed, then took a step back.

There were so many things they had to do, so many things they had to discuss.

Before it all, he wanted to simply embrace her, hold her, and kiss her.

To share the joy of their victory with her, even if Nephis wasn't capable of feeling that joy just yet.

But… he was not destined to feel the soft touch of her lips today.

Instead, he felt the cold touch of Weaver's Mask as it settled on his face.

Raising his black odachi, Sunny smiled bitterly and said in a cold, emotionless tone:

"It's time for you to die, then, Changing Star."

Far away, his dark legion had already slaughtered the remaining abominations. The shadows did not retreat back into his soul, however…

Instead, they surrounded the two battered armies, looking at the soldiers in eerie silence.

The human shadows raised their weapons.The monstrous shadows bared their fangs.

Nephis frowned.

"What is this?"

Sunny let out a disdainful laugh.

"This? It's betrayal, my lady. I would have asked for forgiveness, but really, it's your own fault. Has no one ever told you not to trust a man whose loyalty can be bought?"




***
Chapter 2260: Peace


***






Neither the Sword Domain nor the Song Domain had won the war.

Instead, both of them ceased to exist. Sunny and Nephis had won the war instead.

Changing Star was destined to become the new Sovereign of humanity…

However, the Lord of Shadows could not stand by her side.

Because he was the fateless heir of Weaver, the Demon of Fate.

Simply disappearing into obscurity was not going to work, either. Anvil and Ki Song were able to hide their existence because they had become Supreme in the darkness of the Underworld, unwitnessed by anyone… Sunny, however, attained Supremacy in the most flamboyant fashion.

He became Supreme in front of hundreds of thousands of Awakened warriors, summoning a legion of shadows to save them from the flood abominations and slaying the King of Swords in full view of everyone who had the ability to see.

So, there was only one solution…

The Lord of Shadows had to die.

     And he could not simply die, either, since that could potentially turn him into a revered martyr. 

He had to waste all the goodwill he had earned first.

Far away, the soldiers grew tense as they looked at the legion of silent shadows that now faced them, ready to attack.

Some gazed into the distance, as well, where the Lord of Shadows was pointing his dark sword at Changing Star.

Their eyes were wide with shock, and their faces were pale.

But the soft radiance still illuminated their souls and their bodies, so they were not afraid. Many gritted their teeth, grasping the hilts of the weapons tighter.

Sunny stared at Nephis from below Weaver's Mask and sneered.

"Changing Star, Changing Star… you are surprisingly naive for someone so exceptionally strong. But then again, you are so righteous and benevolent… disgusting, really. Did you really think that I would share the throne of humanity with someone — anyone — when I can sit on it alone?"

He took a step forward.

"Anvil and Ki Song had the right idea, you know. There can only be one person wearing the crown.They had the right idea, but what could I do? I wanted to be that person. I could not kill them both myself, though, so I needed to use someone gullible as a distraction."

Sunny chuckled.

"So I used you. And now… I have no use for you anymore."

Nephis pursed her lips, looking at him calmly.

A few seconds later, she asked:

"So it… it was all a lie?"

Sunny laughed.

"Of course! Did you think I enjoyed being treated as your toy? Did you think I wanted to spend time in your company? Ah, I hated every minute of it. Seducing you was surprisingly easy, but enduring the burden of your naive infatuation was an unpleasant chore."

She tilted her head, then sighed and raised the Blessing.

"I… see. So it was like that, then. I… understand. No, maybe I don't. But you are right. I should not have trusted you."

Her eyes shone with blinding radiance, and she said in an even tone:

"I think I will feel hurt by your betrayal… later. Maybe I will even be hurt by having killed you. So, I should hurry up and kill you soon."

Sunny smiled bitterly behind Weaver's Mask.

The two of them looked at each other, the air practically crackling with tension at the point where their gazes met.

For a few moments, the entire world seemed to stand still, and the pressure continued to build until it became crushing.

The shadows stirred, growing deeper and deeper. The blade of the Blessing shone with radiant light, chasing the shadows away and illuminating the two Supremes as they prepared for battle.

Then, in the blink of an eye, both Sunny and Nephis lunged forward.

There was a flash of light, and a thunderous thunderclap…

And when the light dimmed, the soldiers saw the Lord of Shadows kneeling on the ground, Changing Star's blade buried in his chest.

Sunny groaned, struggling to grasp its blade.

Looking down at him, Nephis spoke solemnly:

"Three Supreme warriors of humanity died today. Ah, what a waste…"

A heavy sigh escaped from her lips.

And at the same time,Cassie's voice resounded in Sunny's head:

[Nephis says not to be so dramatic. You're not really hurt!]

Sunny shuddered, still pretending to be in pain.

The Blessing was indeed buried in his chest… but the area around the supposed wound had turned into an intangible shadow just before it hit, so he was not wounded. It was still a bit painful, but since Nephis had not put any killing intent into her strike, his soul was mostly intact.

[Well, tell her to act her part better. Wait, no… actually, never mind. Tell her she did well!]

Nephis was not known for her acting skills. She was doing her best.

For a few moments back there, Sunny had wanted to reenact their vicious battle in the Crimson Spire. He had imagined losing the fight, then hearing Nephis ask why he allowed her to win in a trembling voice.

But then he realized that there was no need to deceive her into making it seem like she killed him.

He could just ask.

So, he had told what needed to happen to Cassie, who relayed it to Nephis.

And as a result, the Lord of Shadows was dying now.

[She says that you owe us a good explanation later.]

Sunny forced out a smile.

[I'll… try.]

Would he even be able to explain? Probably yes, with some trouble.

'She trusts me enough to go along without asking why... why is this so sweet?'

With that, Sunny pretended to convulse…

And then dissolved into shadows.

At the same moment, his dark legion disappeared, as well, returning into his soul.

Nephis was left standing alone, like a sole island of light in the ocean of darkness.

Victorious.

The long war... was over.

***

Some days later, a towering Dream Gate opened in the clear sky above Bastion, and the stunning silhouette of the Ivory Island slowly emerged from it, drifting among the clouds to hover high above the great castle.

Millions of people had gathered on the streets of the city to watch the triumphant return of Changing Star, the last daughter of the Immortal Flame clan…

The new ruler of humanity.

High above them,Nephis was looking down at the familiar sight of the sprawling city that had grown on the shores of Mirror Lake. Then, with a sigh, she turned away and left the balcony.

Descending the stairs, she walked through the corridors of the Ivory Tower and entered a spacious room.

There, a stunning woman sat in a wheelchair, positioned in front of the window. Her face was emotionless, and her gaze was strangely hollow… as if she was not there at all.

Placing a vase with fresh flowers on the table near the bed, Nephis walked over to the window, leaned against the windowsill, and looked at the woman quietly.

She did not speak for a while, then sighed.

"Hi, mom. I am sorry if you are uncomfortable… it's just that it's difficult for me to come to NQSC, these days. And I don't know how much longer it will be safe for you to remain there. So… I asked Cassie to bring you here."

Nephis lingered for a few moments.

"I am Supreme now. And I avenged dad. His killers are in the grave… well, two of them are, at least."

A shadow suddenly ran across her face.

"Oh. Right. You wouldn't know… for you, they would have been your friends, still. In that case, I am sorry. Your friends have passed away."

Then, she smiled awkwardly.

"By the way — I guess I have a boyfriend now. He is very handsome. I'm sure you would have liked him… oh, but things are a bit complicated between us at the moment. Things are complicated in general."

With a sigh, she looked in the window and said wistfully:

"Our world is being consumed by the Dream Realm. There's so much to be done before it is swallowed entirely… I am terribly busy, and he is too."

She looked at the woman and smiled.

"We need to become gods, after all."

With that, Nephis inhaled deeply and headed for the door.

She did not know how much time they had left, but it was probably not as much as they hoped.

***

Somewhere far away, a desolate land lay under a starless sky, shrouded in eternal darkness.There was a colossal crater at the heart of that land, and on its edge, a dark city stood, empty and forlorn.

Nothing moved in that city…

Until, suddenly, a magnificent black temple appeared there, as if it had stood in the darkness all along.

Soon enough, two figures emerged from the temple.

One of them was a young man with pale skin, wearing a simple black tunic.

The other was a petite woman who floated a few centimeters above the ground, with a grim expression on her face.

Looking around, Aiko shook her head in disbelief.

"Gods. I really never thought I'd ever return to this hellhole. Hey, boss, do we really need to be here?"

Sunny looked at her and shrugged.

"There's almost no Nightmare Creatures here anymore. It's one of the safest places in the Dream Realm, really… plus, can't you see in the darkness? What are you so angry about?"

Aiko stared at him with indignation.

"What am I angry about? My job! I'm jobless again! All the effort I spent on building the Brilliant Emporium brand, and my boss just had to go and become the most villainous scum of humanity! And then die. Couldn't you at least have the decency to stay dead after dying, huh, boss?!"

Sunny coughed.

"Decency? What is that?"

Then, he patted the petite girl on the shoulder.

"Don't be sad though, Aiko. Do you think that war profiteering is all that? Let me tell you…"

He gestured to the dark, desolate streets.

"Colonialism! That's where the real money is at. And Forgotten Shore is a prime colony location."

Sunny smiled.

"So… what do you say? Shall we build a city here?"

A peaceful city away from all the strife.

It would stay peaceful for a bit, at least...

[End of volume nine: Throne of War].




***
Chapter 2261: Keeping a Promise


***






A dark, desolate expanse of black dunes rested under a lightless heaven, their obsidian slopes illuminated only by the distant radiance of transient essence storms. Buried in the dust, a graveyard of serpents lay like an ivory maze, its forlorn walls awash in darkness.

The silence of the dead land was suddenly broken by the sound of light footsteps. A young man with a jade face and onyx eyes was walking across the obsidian dust, his body encased in a suit of intricate black armor.

Wherever he passed, the darkness grew deeper, and the winds turned colder.

He was calm and at ease, as if walking across the pastures of his own domain instead of the desolate reaches of the Realm of Death.

And in a sense, he was.

The young man was Sunless, the Lord of Shadows... the Sovereign of Death.

Reaching the heart of the graveyard, the terrifying demigod stopped and looked down, at the badly damaged human skeleton that lay among the dead serpents, staring at the lightless sky with empty eyes.

After a while, the skeleton spoke:

"My, oh my! Look whom we have here... I see you have survived, boy."

     Sunny stared at Eurys some more, then sighed and summoned the Shadow Chair. Placing it near the mangled skeleton, he sat down, leaned back comfortably, and crossed his legs. 

"Well, about that... you'd be surprised."

Eurys turned his skull to stare at him.

"I am not sure I can be surprised by anything anymore... no, I take it back! I am surprised right now!"

He grinned.

Of course, being a skeleton, Eurys was stuck with a perpetual grin, so he did not have much choice in the matter.

"Look at you. You really did go and become Supreme. How remarkable!"

He clicked his jaws, showing how impressed he was.

"I hope my humble advice was helpful. So, how did you do it? What was your act of defiance, evil boy? Did you go against your vicious nature and spare someone? Or did you kill some great, powerful being instead?"

Sunny chuckled.

"Oh, I did have to kill someone. Not sure about the great and powerful part, though. You see... I killed myself."

Eurys remained silent for a while.

"My, oh my... that's one way to go about it, I suppose!"

He paused for a few moments, and then added neutrally:

"Breaking the absolute law of death is no simple feat. Few ever managed. So... congratulations!"

Sunny smiled.

"It is odd to be congratulated on managing to commit suicide. But it is even stranger to be alive while being congratulated, I guess."

He laughed.

"To be honest, it wasn't that difficult. A bit painful, at most."

Eurys ground his teeth against each other.

"Now you're just mocking me, boy. Saying such hurtful things... you do remember that I can't die no matter how hard I try, right? Why don't you rub the salt in my wounds and tell me more about how easily it was for you to die, huh?"

Sunny coughed.

"Well, when you put it that way, it does sound hurtful."

Eurys let out a creaky laugh.

"Ah, don't bother. I am already thankful that you remembered your promise and came back to try and kill me. Oh. But it took you long enough..."

Sunny shrugged

"Sorry. I've been pretty busy lately... we saw each other last what, a little over a year ago? So many things have happened in that year."

The Realm War had ended around a year ago, by now. Sunny was currently twenty-seven, a little shy of turning twenty-eight. Rain was already twenty-two.

'Gods. How swift the time flies...'

Actually, that was not true at all. If anything, it felt like for each year that he lived, ten years passed.

The last year in particular was quite eventful.

Sunny contemplated for a bit.

"Let's see... first, the war between the Sword Domain and the Song Domain ended. That was when I attained Supremacy, actually, during the final battle — Nephis, too. We defeated Anvil and Ki Song, the previous Sovereigns of humanity, immediately after becoming Supreme."

Sunny lingered for a few moments, then added:

"It is so strange. Their shadow loomed over us for so long — unfathomable, inescapable. Insurmountable. But in the end, it only took a few minutes for them to fall. I guess there were mere mortals, after all... even if they were demigods."

He shook his head.

"Of course, those few minutes were the result of many long years of meticulous planning and arduous preparation. We really went above and beyond... our conspiracy was quite thorough. I was just surprised that everything had gone according to plan, for once — well, mostly. I did not foresee having to kill myself, obviously."

He smiled.

"In any case, I had to disappear after our victory. Nephis, meanwhile, became the hegemon of humanity."

Eurys stared at him in amusement.

"That horrid girl? Goodness gracious! It feels like she was Dormant only a day ago. I blinked once, and the next thing you know, that brat is a Supreme. You monstrous kids are really something, you know? Good for her!"

Sunny smiled dangerously.

"You can't really blink though. You don't have eyelids. And also... did I not promise to break your remaining arm if you called her an abomination again?"

Eurys stared at him for a moment.

"Did I say 'abominable'? Oh, my! I must have misspoke. What I meant to say was adorable, that adorable girl!"

Sunny glared at him for a while, then nodded.

"Well, it's true. She is adorable."

Then, he sighed.

"I'll let it slide this once. Regardless, as you can imagine, we were a little dazed after attaining Supremacy and defeating the Sovereigns in one fell swoop. And we weren't the only ones —everyone in Godgrave was stunned. Ah, right, I forgot to mention... right there at the end, I staged a betrayal and died by Neph's blade while trying to usurp the throne. It had not been that long since most people learned of the existence of Supremes, but in the course of a single battle, three Supremes died. Imagine their shock."

Eurys clicked his jaw.

"You know I have no context to understand the meaning of these events, and on top of that, I don't understand half of the words you speak. Sword Domain, Song Domain, Anvil, Ki Song, Godgrave... I have no idea what these are. So why are you telling me all this?"

Sunny looked at him and smiled.

"Because I want to tell someone, and you can't run away. You have no feet."

The skull's lower jaw fell open.

Eurys remained silent for a bit, then grumbled:

"Well... fair enough."

Sunny laughed.

"So, we spent a few days on the battlefield — and by we', and I mean 'them, since I was busy hiding in the shadows while pretending to be dead. Usually, the healers would have been tending to the wounded, but Nephis had already healed everyone, so all that was left was to bury the fallen. The soldiers assembled the pyres while the officers spent these days in council. And by the end of the council... it was proclaimed that the Immortal Flame clan would be restored, and that Nephis would become the ruler of a new Domain... the Human Domain."

He shook his head in amusement.

"Of course, things went so smoothly because we had prepared for the immediate outcome of the war, as well. Nephis had won the loyalty of the Saints during the war. Oh... and it was not like they had a lot of choice. She is considered to be the only Supreme in existence now, after all. So who could defy her?"

Sunny let out a wistful sigh.

"It was very poetic, really. The war for the throne had begun because of an attempt on her life, she was the only one who opposed it... and she was the one who ended it, thus becoming the new ruler of humanity instead of the tyrants who had started the war. People were elated and happy — it seemed like divine will, for the most benevolent and righteous person to receive the crown."

His smile dimmed.

"Of course, no one knew that it was all a meticulously crafted performance. That Nephis and I had been prepared to sacrifice hundreds of millions of lives to achieve our goal, and that all those people were only saved by luck. That we were neither benevolent nor righteous, just... stronger than our enemies. Strength is the only virtue in this godforsaken world, after all. And weakness is the only sin. Still — history will never know the truth, and therefore, it will remember Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan as the noblest of heroes. While I will be remembered as a villainous traitor who died by her blade... if at all."

Sunny laughed.

"Right, I am officially dead now. Again. So, I took my Citadel and returned to the Forgotten Shore. It is kind of fitting, don't you think, Eurys? The Nameless Temple is now standing on the Forgotten Shore, sheltering its nameless master, who must be forgotten..."

Eurys stared at him silently for a while, then offered words of consolation:

"I have no idea what Forgotten Shore is. Actually, I understood very little of this entire tirade. But if you think that it's fitting, then I'm sure it is!"

Sunny looked at him resentfully.

"I'm going to enjoy killing you, you know?"

The ancient skeleton stared at him with a grin.

"I'm going to enjoy being killed!"

Sunny sighed and cursed quietly.




***
Chapter 2262: Foundation


***






Sunny stared at the grinning skull for a while, then shook his head.

"You know, Eurys, I'd thought you would have learned the true meaning of boredom while hanging on that tree. Can't you just appreciate me sparing time to entertain you? These are history-defining events that I am describing! The stuff of legends! When else would you get the chance to hear something as thrilling and fascinating as this?"

The ancient skeleton stared back at him for a while, then clicked his jaw.

“Well... true.”

He turned his skull slightly and asked in a lively tone:

"So, what happened next?"

A satisfied smile appeared on Sunny’s lips.

"That's better!"

“Let's see... it is hard to describe, actually. Needless to say, the entire world order was upended, and a new one had to emerge from the ruins of the old regime. Fortunately, we weren't unprepared. Jet had the government under her control, more or less, and since there was no reason for anyone there to oppose Nephis — quite the opposite, actually — we had a vast pool of administrative talent to help us make the transition happen as smoothly as possible. In fact, there had already been established plans worked out, disguised as mock exercises until it was time to implement them.”

     He shook his head. 

“The government was only half of the equation, though. The other half was the Great Clans — Song, Valor, and Night. They had been the ones actually governing human enclaves in the Dream Realm, after all. We had hoped that these established powers would be absorbed into the new Domain after the war ended, and to a degree, they were.”

Sunny sighed.

“The Seven Princesses of Song accepted Nephis as their new Queen despite the fact that she had slain their mother — that was a great stroke of luck. With them on our side, the western reaches of the Dream Realm experienced very little tumult during the transition. Ravenheart itself is now ruled by Kai... I think his official title is the Steward of the West.”

His expression darkened slightly.

“The west... things are more complicated in the west. Morgan had helped us salvage the remains of Valor at the start, but then she disappeared without a trace. Even Cassie doesn't know where she is now. And most of the remaining members of the branch families of Valor — those who had not perished in the war — died gruesomely soon after. It's not a big secret who killed them, of course. Mordret, that madman..."

Sunny let out a chuckle.

“That guy had always been strange, but he became outright eerie after failing to kill Anvil with his own two hands. No one knows what goes on in that sinister head of his these days. One thing is certain, though — he knows to hide from the new Supremes. Retaking the Stormsea Citadels he had conquered was a time-consuming, but surprisingly easy affair as a result. Mordret simply abandoned them and vanished. So, both children of the fallen Valor dynasty are missing now. It is unlikely that they jumped into the Fourth Nightmare, but... who knows?"

He remained silent for a while, then shrugged.

“Well, in any case. A Great Clan is far more than just those who carry the clan bloodline. There are also the Knights, the Spellsmiths, the servants, the craftsmen, the workers, the administrative staff — thousands of people, really. Those were either absorbed into the Immortal Flame clan or taken by Effie. Oh, Effie is now in charge of Bastion as the Steward of the East. The Beast Farm is back in business, too...”

Sunny smiled wistfully.

“That leaves the House of Night. House of Night... doesn't exist anymore. The survivors were absorbed by the government, so the government is more or less the third Great Clan now. They are responsible for the waking world just like before, but now their role in the Dream

Realm is far more prominent. Oh, and they rule the Stormsea, as well. Jet is in control of the Night Garden as the Steward of the South."

He chuckled.

“Funny, isn't it? A woman who can never know rest is in charge of the ship built by the Demon of Repose. Well, she has her hands full... I think she is more sleep-deprived now than she had been as a government Master. There are millions of settlers living aboard the

Night Garden, after all. The House of Night had not had a Sovereign, but now it belongs to Neph's Domain. So, she can open a Dream Gate, leading to it from the waking world, allowing the refugees to arrive. Actually, the importance of the Night Garden is far greater than simply the third largest city in the Dream Realm."

He looked at Eurys with meaning.

“One of its Components allows Nephis to connect her Dream Gate to two places in the Dream Realm, after all. So, the East and the West are not as isolated as they were before. There's the Stormsea connecting them in the south, the road across Godgrave connecting them in the north, and on top of that, Ravenheart and Bastion are a few steps away when the Dream Gate is opened between them. Works wonders for the logistics of the whole Domain.”

Sunny fell silent for a few moments, then continued in a neutral tone:

“Actually, that is the most glaring change that has happened to the world. It is all far more interconnected now. Both geographically and politically. Everyone had been mostly isolated from each other before, but now, everyone is a part of one larger whole. Everyone is... together. The various regions of the Dream Realm are not independent enclaves, but territories of a single empire. Socially, too... the difference between mundane people, independent Awakened, Legacy Clans, and the Great Clans have all grown thinner. And above it all is the Ivory Tower... quite literally. It usually hangs above Bastion.”

He chuckled.

“Oh, right. No one really knows it, but there's actually a Steward of the North, as well. That's me. I mean, no one appointed me officially, but I'm the only one in the north, so... I can't be the only one without a fancy title, right?"

Eurys stared at him for a while, then clicked his jaw.

“I have no idea what these places are and who these people are, you know? A single man was sent to take care of seven princesses as in the west — what a cruel punishment! — someone farms beasts in the east, and there are gardens in the southern sea. Sounds fun!"

Sunny sighed.

“You have no idea..."




***
Chapter 2263: Beginning of the End


***






Sunny remained silent for a while, then said somberly:

“Of course, not everyone went smoothly. Far from it, really. Nephis had managed to compel countless people, and most of the Saints, to swear fealty to her. However, there were still loyalists who refused to accept her. Some were even hellbent on avenging the fallen Sovereigns. So... there was a quiet purge, of sorts.”

He sighed.

“It was not as bloody as you probably imagined. Very few people were actually killed, but quite a number of them were exiled. Nephis rules both the waking world and the human territories in the Dream Realm, though, so it's not like they had somewhere to go. So, we allocated them a settlement in Europe and a Citadel in Gograve. Old Jest is in charge of it now, spending his retirement leading those men in a perpetual battle against the scarlet jungle. Gilead, that buffoon, chose exile as well. What a waste."

Sunny shook his head, a grim expression on his face.

He did not speak for a while, then scoffed.

“Well, those guys are the least of our problems. Truth be told, everything sort of exploded after Nephis took over."

His lips twisted into a bitter smile.

“That is because her style of leadership is more or less the direct opposite of how the Sovereigns used to run things. One of the first things she did after establishing her Domain was give a very solemn, very inspiring speech... that revealed to everyone how our world is being consumed by the Dream Realm. You can imagine what kind of chaos ensued after that broadcast."

     Sunny chuckled. 

“We are still dealing with the consequences. It had to be done, though. Since we are not planning on leaving most of humanity behind, the great exodus must be accelerated. And we need for everyone to work together in order to make it happen, both in the waking world and in the Dream Realm."

His expression fell.

“There are numerous problems facing us, of course. For example... the entire Western Quadrant is infected by the Skinwalker now. A few cities are already lost, and worst of all, it is very hard for me or Nephis to return to the waking world for extended periods of time. Feels quite weird, by the way, to be rejected by your own world... in any case, there is a full-scale war against that damn nightmare creature going on in Australia, and most of our best Saints are holding the creature back."

He sighed.

“Meanwhile, the number of the Nightmare Gates opening each month only continues to grow. We had to abandon the initial plan of gradually resettling people from across the globe and concentrate on bringing away the population of the Eastern Quadrant first. If everything goes well, the Western Quadrant will be next. And finally, the Northern Quadrant will be last. That will take years, though, if not decades... because resettling the entire population of a world is not as easy as ushering them through the Dream Gate."

Sunny grimaced.

“They also need shelter, food, and means to survive on the other side. So, we need to prepare the Dream Realm to accept them first. That is not an easy task... you see, although we call large swathes of that dreadful world ‘human territories’, in truth, most of these territories are still abomination-infested wilderness. Only the Citadels and the immediate areas around them are truly safe. And while that is enough for a small number of Awakened to get by, there is no space for cities, arable fields, and so on... the situation started to change in the aftermath of the Chain of Nightmares, but it is not changing fast enough.”

Glancing at Eurys, Sunny added with a smile:

“Which is why a subjugation crusade unlike anything that has ever happened is now in process. All across the Dream Realm, numerous Awakened are cleansing the lands from Nightmare Creatures and preparing them to welcome settlers. Despite how bloody and arduous that process is, the morale is surprisingly high... well, maybe it is not that big of a surprise. The very nature of warfare in the Dream Realm has changed, after all."

His smile turned a little wistful.

"That is because humans have a living goddess now. Well... a demigoddess, to be precise, but most don't know the difference. And Nephis actually answers prayers, unlike the dead gods. What I mean to say is that she can feel the distress of her subjects and bestow her blessing upon them from a distance. So, they can be saved from the jaws of death by her flames, as well as be empowered by her radiance. It's no joke, Eurys... I'd say that the overall combat effectiveness of humanity has increased manifold due to Nephis and her Domain. Just like that. Can you imagine a difference between an army that has to be cautious of each wound and an army that is not only empowered by divine grace, but also practically immortal?"

Sunny shook his head.

"..She still has her limits, though. So we are still struggling, and there are still many casualties. The progress is stunningly fast... but it is also not swift enough.”

He remained silent for a while, then sighed.

“You might wonder what the second Supreme is doing while Changing Star toils night and day for the sake of humanity. What I am doing. Well... I am quite busy, as well. It is just that while Nephis is in charge of governing the great exodus from the waking world, I am preoccupied with preparing for what comes after.”

His voice turned somber.

“Because what comes after is more terrifying than words can express. All the work we are doing can be rendered meaningless if we can't stop the calamity that will start once the

Dream Realm swallows the waking world and shifts."

Sunny looked at Eurys, lingered for a few moments, and then chuckled.

“Well, I am also doing quite a few things here and there. Like entertaining an obnoxious skeleton. Actually..."

He looked into the distance and shook his head with an amused expression on his face.

“You won't believe it, Eurys, but I found myself in charge of a Legacy Clan of my own.”




***
Chapter 2264: Two Sides of the Same Coin


***






Eurys went so far as to nod. "I don't know what a Legacy Clan is, but congratulations!"

Sunny smiled.

"Ah. Well, you see... when I was growing up, I was at the very bottom, and Legacy scions were at the pinnacle. But now I am the pinnacle. You were a slave, no? Imagine becoming a prince all of a sudden. That is how it feels."

Eurys suddenly let out a creaky laugh.

"Oh actually, I used to be a prince before becoming a slave. So I would not know."

Sunny blinked a couple of times, then looked at him with curiosity, "You used to be a prince?"

The skull stared back at him, grinning.

"Did I say 'prince? I meant priest. Or did 17 My, oh my! Who can tell... my memories are all scattered, oh no..."

Sunny scoffed, then turned away.

     "Well, in any case. The Legacy Clans as a whole are not what they used to be, these days, Too many new Awakened emerged in the wake of the Chain of Nightmares, so the prestige of the old families has lost some relevance. Even the Great Clans, the symbol of the Legacy power, are overshadowed by the Immortal Flame clan now which is so above everything else that it exists in a realm of its own." 

He remained silent for a moment.

"Nephis is the only living heir of the Immortal Flame bloodline. Of course, she has her Fire Keepers in fact, the Fire Keepers are the most incandescent military force of humanity now. The tip of the spear. The original members of the Dreamer Army are still the core, but each is leading a hundred elite Awakened warriors now, the best of the best.

He suddenly laughed.

"Actually, they recruited this fresh blood through a huge tournament. Hundreds of thousands of Awakened participated, but only around four thousand were accepted into the ranks of the Fire Keepers. It was a very festive week- both worlds were watching with bated breaths. A perfectly timed distraction and reprieve and reprieve for the masses, as well. It will probably be held every few years from now on, I think. I had fun too, by the way. Turns out, tourmaments make me feel nostalgic..."

Sunny looked into the distance for a while, reminiscing.

"I once won a tournament myself, you know? you know? Regardless, the Fire Keepers are everywhere, under the spotlight, serving as the valiant heralds of the new Domain. But there are certain tasks that they can't perform - tasks that require a delicate approach, or have to be accomplished without anyone being the wiser. That is where the Shadow Clan comes in. My clan."

He scratched the back of his head in embarrassment.

"For reasons that I won't explain, I found myself in dire need of anonymity. That doesn't mean that I have to go live somewhere in solitude for the rest of my life, though, just that my exposure to the world must be... I limited. So, Shadow Clan is far smaller in scale than the Fire Keepers. There are barely two hundred people, and only half of those are combatants."

Sunny smiled darkly.

"Each and every one of those combatants is an exceptional killer, though. I chose them myself. Most know a thing or two about stealth, too... oh, and since they bear my mark, they have certain advantages when operating in the shadows. Overall, they've been very effective in dealing with various problems we faced-like terrorist cells created by the unhinged loyalists, doomsday cults that began popping up after Neph's speech, Nightmare Creatures that required a special approach to be surgically removed, and so on."

Glancing at Eurys, he hesitated for a few moments, and then grinned.

"The Shadow Clan does not officially exist, naturally. There are scary tales about my minions... I mean, about my brave subordinates... being told around campfires, but most people know nothing."

He sighed.

"The Shadow Clan resides on the Forgotten Shore. That is where it all started, so retuming there as a ruler, instead of a prisoner, feels strangely emotional. Of course, I did not choose it simply out of sentiment it is an important strategic location for many reasons."

Sunny raised a hand and began counting on his fingers.

"First of all we don't know where the pieces of the waking world will land and after after being absorbed abson into the Dream Realm, so it's important to have a strong presence north of the Hollow Mountains for a variety of reasons. Second, we need a base of operations in case we decide to stage a military expedition into the Nightmare Desert. Third, I need to find an easily accessible entrance to the Underworld. Fourth, I need to make my Domain stronger. The Burned Forest is a perfect place for that. Fifth. I can stay of I ou out of sight there."

He grew quiet, and then added somberly:

"And lastly, it is our contingency in case everything else is overrun by the Nightmare Creatures once the waking world is consumed. The last stronghold."

At the same time, two more fingers grew out of his hand. Sunny bent the sixth, stared at the seventh for a while, then dismissed both and sighed.

"We are in quite a predicament, you know? There are the Death Zones in the Dream Realm and the profane beings that dwell there. There is also the waking world itself... which already has at least one Category Five Gate there, and maybe even something worse on the moon. There will be more such Gates in the future - perhaps soon. That means that more Cursed and Unholy nightmare creatures will crawl into our world before it is consumed. Creatures like that are suppressed by the laws of the War Realm, but once it is swallowed by the Dream Realm, these laws will be no more. So, nothing will stop those horrors from roaming free. Imagine Earth's moon rising above Bastion... it will be total annihilation."

Eurys clicked his jaw.

"My, oh my! It certainly will."

Sunny remained silent for a while, looking at him with strange intensity. Eventually, he said: "So, this is our deadline. In fact, we don't even know when the pieces of Earth will start popping up all across Dream Realm en masse. So there is no time to waste at all. we must become gods before our world is entirely consumed, Nephis and I. If not that, then at least Sacred."

The ancient skeleton laughed.

"Oh? Oh, that's all? You want to become at least Spirit, boy?"

Sunny nodded and smiled pleasantly.

"I do. So, how about it? You knew a thing or two about attaining Supremacy, Eurys. Do you know a thing or two about the Apotheosis, as well?"

Eurys laughed again, then said in an incredulous tone:

"I might."




***
Chapter 2265: One Man Army


***






The ancient skeleton remained silent for a while, studying Sunny with his empty eye sockets.

Then, he said in an unexpectedly nonchalant tone:

“How is being Supreme treating you?"

Sunny considered his answer for a while, then raised a hand. Soon, a bottle of antique wine appeared in it. Removing the cork with a blade made of shadows, he took a sip and smiled contentedly.

“Well... it's a bit terrifying, to be honest.”

The wine was supposed to taste exquisite, considering that he had pilfered it from the wine cellars of the Valor clan, but Sunny honestly couldn't tell the difference from the normal wine he sometimes used for cooking. He was not going to get drunk unless he wanted to, regardless, so drinking this relic of the bygone eras was mostly to amuse himself.

“Before, my power grew exponentially every time I attained a new Rank. But it was still just that, my personal power — no matter how great it was, I was still merely an individual... or a few individuals, at best. But now that I am Supreme, there has been a qualitative change to it. My personal power is like a natural force, and I am not merely a person. I am more of a walking kingdom."

He paused for a moment, and then added: "It is strange even to say out loud, but one of me is enough to conquer the world... or destroy it, should I wish. I grew up in the outskirts of NQSC, you know, surrounded by stories about valiant Awakened, Masters, and Saints — who were so lofty as to seem unreachable, inconceivable, unimaginable. But as I am today, I could overrun NQSC with all its valiant warriors, then the Northern Quadrant, then all of Earth. It would not even take me much time... and I will only grow stronger as a result.”

Eurys chuckled dryly.

     “My, oh my! How scary." 

Sunny smiled.

"This is to say that the power of a Supreme is not personal. It is... territorial. Conceptual? It is larger than themselves, is what I mean to say. It is a domain. That is why Neph's own power can increase the power of the entire humanity manifold.” He took another sip of wine, then offered it to the ancient skeleton. Seeing no reaction, Sunny shrugged.

"Well, suit yourself. Now, back to being Supreme. There are a few differences. First of all, my Attributes... the authority granted to me as the [Lord of Shadows] has grown. I can even command the shadows of living beings now, albeit only those much weaker than myself and with great difficulty. Shadows are a very loyal sort, after all. The [Onyx Shell] has become [Jade Shell]. So... I guess I am a bonafide jade beauty now..."

Sunny leaned back and exploded with laughter.

Eurys looked at him with reproach.

“That's enough wine for you, boy..."

Sunny grinned.

“The [Flame of Divinity] has grown much more powerful, too. And my Lineage, as well. Obviously, my body and soul have been reforged, becoming even closer to perfection than

before. My soul especially has undergone a big change."

He pointed to the bottle of wine.

“I can actually store physical items in my Soul Sea, for one... only inanimate objects, though. I haven't managed to bring a living being there yet. But that is alright, because there are plenty of... unliving things in my soul already. All the lifeless shadows I've been collecting throughout the years are much livelier now. They walk around, stare at the temple, and rest on the water from time to time. They're not exactly living beings, but it seems like they retain faint traces of their former selves. If I had to describe it... I'd say that they don't possess a sense of self. They have neither will nor spirit.”

Sunny hesitated for a while.

“Which brings us to my new Aspect Ability. The Domain Ability... I guess. I call it the [Shadow Legion]. It allows me to open the gates of my soul and unleash all the shadows gathered there into the world. I can also control them, albeit not quite intricately. The shadows fight in my stead, and every enemy killed by them becomes a new soldier in my army. The shadows are also quite deadly, because it is impossible to destroy them. At best, they can be dispelled and sent back to my soul, where they will be restored to form after a while.”

He sighed.

“They retain most powers they possessed as living beings, as well, although that is... a bit complicated. Shadows don't really have the Will, for one, and neither do they have Domains. Some shadows also seem to retain more of their former selves than others, so their learned skills and combat techniques are sharper. Oh, and since most of the shadows in my soul used to be Nightmare Creatures, they have lost those powers that were granted to them by Corruption. My legion is still vast and dreadful, though. It's... I guess all I could say is that I would not have wanted to be my enemy?"

Sunny smiled.

“Right, I also received a few other abilities, and my old Aspect Abilities have grown stronger. Every shadow of my Shadow Legion can serve as a vessel for my shadow sense, for example. The maximum range of Shadow Step has become even greater than it had been before... actually, I guess it's limitless now. The only limitation there is is how much essence I have. Shadow Manifestation allows me to create far more intricate items, and I can also make them stay manifested permanently — although that will diminish their potency quite a bit. And since I am a shadow now instead of a human, I can maintain my incarnations indefinitely, although manifesting them as humans still requires some essence."

He chuckled.

“But I have more essence than I can spend now, too! Which is to say, it replenishes faster than I can waste it. The only way for me to empty my reserves of essence is to travel a truly great distance in a single moment or summon truly powerful members of the Shadow Legion for a very long time. Even then, I'll be back to full power in a relatively short amount of time.”

Sunny looked at Eurys while sipping his wine.

“Oh... and I can strike directly at the shadows of living beings, too. Quite an insidious power, that one, although not an unfamiliar one. I knew a guy once who could do just that. I was a bit envious of him, back then, but lo and behold. I gained the same power as a bonus while becoming Supreme..."

Sunny turned the bottle and poured some wine out for Shadow Blade Kurt.

He was certainly not missed, but Sunny was going to use his newfound power well. He smiled.

"So, I'd say that being a Supreme has been treating me quite well.”




***
Chapter 2266: Out of Time


***






Sunny remained silent for a while, then nodded.

"I think that's it. I might be forgetting something, but overall, that is how being Supreme is different from being a Saint. I'd say, overall... I feel like a demigod. No, actually, I feel like a god. Because my point of reference is being a mundane human, not an actual deity. From the point of view of a mortal man, my power is no different from that of a god. Of course, from the point of view of a god, I'd probably seem like a child."

He looked into the distance.

“But it’s... it's different. The way I am. Because of how domineering my Will is, the world feels far more malleable than before. And I also feel them all, at every waking moment... my shadows. My connection to them is subtle, but it is always there. As if tens of thousands of voices are whispering quietly into my ears. I can also sense them all — moving, fighting, killing. It is as if I have tens of thousands of bodies and hundreds of thousands of eyes. It is enough to drive a man mad, to be honest.”

Sunny's expression turned somber.

“It is even worse for Nephis, whose Domain includes billions of people. The longing, their desires wash over her like an ocean, and although she rarely speaks about it, I know that she sometimes struggles not to drown in that ocean.”

He sighed.

“Sometimes, I wonder... how much we will change as time goes on."

Eurys stared at him for a while, then clicked his jaw.

     “Ah, but that is the bane of being a demigod, boy. You are not quite a mortal, but you are not quite a god either. That is the burden all Supreme humans have to bear. Or maybe it is a blessing — because that burden will gradually make you less and less human.”

Sunny frowned, then stared at him darkly. “Less and less human? What do you mean? How is that a blessing?"

The ancient skeleton let out a creaky laugh.

“Well, you asked me about the Apotheosis, didn't you? The step of becoming a Spirit — a Sacred being, so to say. You described how different being Supreme feels from being Transcendent, but, boy... being Sacred is an entirely different state of existence. Apotheosis is the act of becoming a deity... a god. A lesser deity and a minor god, but still something fundamentally different from a mortal. It is as much about your consciousness and your capacity to encompass the vastness of it all as it is about the quality of your soul and your  power."

Eurys shook his skull.

“A Supreme is someone who expands their soul to dominate a portion of the world. A Spirit is someone whose soul can encompass the whole world. Needless to say, that is not something a human mind, a human self can withstand. So, that is why becoming less human can be a blessing for a Supreme — because it changes them gradually, slowly turning them into beings capable of attempting Apotheosis. Very few ever succeed in that attempt, of course.”

Sunny remained silent for a while, trying to come to terms with what he just heard.

‘Becoming less human..."

A shiver ran down his spine.

Sunny cherished his humanity quite a lot. More than that, losing it sounded frightening — because it was an integral part of his being. Losing some of his humanity was no different from losing himself.

And losing himself was no different from death.

It was quite ironic to say, but even despite having killed himself once... Sunny was still afraid of death, just like any human would be.

He couldn't help but remember Anvil and Ki Song, whose inhuman callousness had been the very reason he hated them so much.

But still, still...

It was not like he or Nephis had a choice. They had to become Sacred. They would not be able to survive or save those they cared about otherwise.

He drank his luxurious wine in dead silence for a while, then asked somberly: “So, how does one go about attempting Apotheosis?"

Eurys stared at him a bit and pretended to let out a sigh.

“I am sorry to say this, boy... but you have absolutely no chance of becoming Sacred."

Sunny was surprised. He looked at the ancient skeleton with raised eyebrows, then frowned.

“Huh? Aren't you underestimating me too much? I thought you'd know by now that I can accomplish quite a lot, as long as I put my mind to it."

Eurys just shook his skull.

"No, no. I will be the first one to admit that you are a startling existence, boy... a singular talent even by the standards of my tumultuous era. I have no doubt that you would have had a good chance of becoming Sacred — or even Divine — in normal circumstances. But that's just the thing. Your circumstances are not exactly normal, are they?"

Sunny's scowl deepened.

"Sure, I guess. But what exactly do you mean?"

Eurys stared at him for a bit, then spoke neutrally:

“Why, I mean time, of course. As I already mentioned, becoming someone capable of attempting Apotheosis is a slow and gradual process. There is no way to cheat that process, no way to solve the problem with brute force. The only thing you can do is spend a great amount of time preparing yourself, experiencing the world, seeking enlightenment, and learning to perceive existence as a god instead of a mortal. That can take thousands of years... centuries, at least."

His tone turned wistful.

“But didn't you say that your world might not even last a mere decade? No matter how much of a genius you are, you won't be able to fundamentally transform yourself into a being worthy of becoming a deity in a measly decade. Let alone actually becoming one — there are plenty of insurmountable obstacles on the path to Apotheosis other than simply being suitable to attempt it. Obstacles that you have neither time nor resources to overcome. So... sorry. I'll have to disappoint you today.”

Sunny studied him for a few moments, then sighed and looked away.

He stayed quiet for a while, finishing his wine in silence.

Once the bottle was empty, Sunny shook his head.

"You say that there is no way to cheat the process, but you are wrong. There is one way."

There was the Nightmare Spell.

However, therein lay the problem.

Sunny, after all, was not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell anymore.

Even if he wanted to attempt the Fifth Nightmare, he simply could not. The Spell would not send him into a Nightmare, and all he would get for approaching a Seed was an irresistible dose of Corruption. Uttering a curse, Sunny tossed the empty bottle into the depths of the ivory maze. Then, he sighed, disappeared from his chair, and returned a second later with the bottle in hand.

Whether he was Supreme or not, there was no excuse for littering. Sitting down once again, Sunny frowned and looked at the distant radiance of a fierce  essence storm.

‘How... troublesome.’

His mood had turned somber.




***
Chapter 2267: Unwelcome Choice


***






Sunny remained silent for a long time, looking into the distance with a somber expression on his pale, eerily beautiful face.

His eyes were drowning in darkness.

"So that is how it is..."

A heavy sigh escaped from his lips.

Against all odds, he had become a demigod — a being of such great and dreadful power that almost no one else could ever hope to endure its crushing weight. A walking calamity of apocalyptic proportions... a creature who was much closer to a mythical force than to a mortal man.

He had gone from being a nameless slave to being a king...

A nameless king, but a king nevertheless. And yet, in the Age of the Nightmare Spell, even that great power was not enough. Simply being Supreme was not enough to achieve his purpose.

Which meant that he had to grow stronger... but to do that, he had to become a carrier of the Nightmare Spell again. He had to possess a True Name again. He had to become entwined into the vast tapestry of fate... again.

That was easier said than done.

     In truth, there was only one way that Sunny knew of — and even then, he could not be sure that it would work. 

That way, of course, was to hunt down the Vile Thieving Bird and get his fate back from its talons.

That odious thing was a Cursed Terror, though... and he had a sinking suspicion that even among the dark deities of the Dream Realm, the loathsome Thieving Bird was a singular existence. Otherwise, it would not have survived being hated both by the gods and by those who dwelled in the Void.

It would not have been able to steal Weaver's eye, and it would not have been able to resurrect itself by crawling its way back to reality from the depths of a Nightmare — which was what had happened, most likely.

Sunny had not even defeated a Cursed Beast, yet. But even if he could brave the Nightmare Desert, enter the real Tomb of Ariel — which he most likely would, considering the future version of himself he had encountered in the Estuary — and somehow slay the Thieving

Bird...

Sunny was not sure that he wanted to. After all, getting his fate and True Name back would give him something he wished for desperately... but it would also give him something that he had strived to escape desperately.

One had to be careful what they wished for.

After reclaiming his fate, Sunny would be remembered by those he cared about... but he would also become chained by the Shadow Bond again.

"Ah, how poetic!"

He smiled bitterly and shook his head. Sunny did not know if he wanted to have his fate back. He felt ambivalent about the whole ordeal... that was why he had taken steps to prepare for his eventual return to the Tomb of Ariel, but also why he did not press the issue, allowing himself to go with the flow of events and remain indecisive. Natural Apotheosis was not completely out of the question yet, either, precisely because of the nature of the Tomb of Ariel. Eurys had said that one needed time to become a Spirit — that was what humans of the Sacred Rank were called, apparently — and there was a Great River of Time conveniently hidden in the depths of the Black Pyramid.

In any case, whether Sunny would try to face the Thieving Bird to become a carrier of the Nightmare Spell once again or achieve Apotheosis without its help, he would have to prepare thoroughly.

There were quite a few things he had to accomplish first before leaving on this uncertain journey.

So...

He could make the fateful decision later. Letting out a sigh, Sunny glanced at Eurys and smiled.

"Why are minor deities called Spirits, anyway? I expected that title to be more... I don't know, awesome. Something like Angels, for example..."

Eurys suddenly shivered, his teeth clattering.

"Angles? Goodness, boy. Why would you mention those dreadful beings?"

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Well... no reason, really. Why, what is so terrible about them? Aren't angels supposed to be divine heralds or something like that?"

The ancient skeleton slowly shook his skull.

"What? No, of course not... who told you that? Angels are not heralds of the gods. Angels are of the Void — they are an especially harrowing kind of Void Beings. Needless to say, people like you and I have no business knowing of them, let alone beholding them. So, keep that word out of your mouth, boy. Better yet, keep it out of your mind entirely."

Sunny stared at him with a confused expression.

"Well, okay. Wait, no... then what about the Nephilim? Aren't they children of... those beings you mentioned? Of those beings and the gods?"

Eurys chuckled.

"For someone who is best friends with a nephilim, you sure are ignorant about the abomi... adorable kind, huh? Why, yes. They are indeed children of an unholy union between the divine and the profane — something that should not have existed, but did. It does make some sense, I guess, considering that the gods themselves were an especially harrowing kind of Void Beings. The most harrowing kind, maybe."

He laughed.

"You know... it feels quite liberating to spout heresy about the gods, knowing that the gods are long dead. Ha! In any case, no one really knows for certain how the Nephilim came about, how their existence was even possible, or which god had sired them. But it must have been Sun God — who else but the god of passion, after all?"

His laughter died out slowly, and after falling silent for a short while, Eurys added in a tone of melancholy:

"Nephilim were not welcome anywhere, so they usually kept to themselves. Still... they joined the army of the Demons when Nether rebelled against the gods, and fought side by side with us against the Divine Host. And they died with us, one after another..."

The darkness nestling in the eye sockets of the ancient skull suddenly seemed deeper than before.




***
Chapter 2268: Unbroken Curse


***






The ancient skeleton let out a sigh and turned his skull to stare at Sunny. He remained silent for a while, then said neutrally:

“As to your original question, Sacred beings are called Spirits because that is what they are. They are spirits of places, of concepts, of laws... well, in a way. Actually, the word ‘daemon’ meant the same thing, originally. Because daemons were the first Sacred beings, and therefore the first Spirits."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

“What? Weren't daemons Divine?"

Eurys nodded.

“Oh, they were. However, they were not born Divine. At the dawn of the Age of Gods, the seven newborn daemons were merely Sacred. They became Divine swiftly, though, as if it was in their very nature. Weaver was the first, and Nether was the last. Quite fitting.”

As he said those words, a few sparks of light drifted above Sunny, forcing him to grimace.

His soul was still being destroyed by the Shadow Realm.

Therefore, he did not have much more time to waste.

     Raising from his chair, Sunny glanced at Eurys and asked: 

“I guess you won't simply tell me all about the daemons, the gods, the Doom War, the Nine... and most of all, about Weaver?"

The ancient skeleton chuckled.

"I think I already told you enough, no?"

Sunny grimaced, then nodded briefly.

"Prepare to die, then."

He hesitated for a few moments, then added in a less resolute voice:

“Or... I don't know. Prepare to be prepared to die? I am not sure that I can actually kill you just yet."

The ancient skeleton stared at him with a grin.

“There is only one way to find out, is there not?"

Sunny remained motionless for a while, collecting himself.

Then, he reached into the shadows and manifested them into the shape of a fearsome black odachi. Since his essence was Supreme now, the shadow sword he had created was akin to a Supreme weapon, as well — and a tremendously lethal Supreme weapon, at that, considering that it had been created from the ancient darkness of the Shadow Realm.

Sunny studied Eurys for a few moments. Killing an undying skeleton was not a straightforward task. After all, Eurys did not have a beating heart or a functioning brain that could be destroyed. He could not bleed to death or succumb to debilitating wounds. In fact, he did not even seem to possess a soul — at least not one that Sunny could see or sense.

Even his shadow was no different from the shadows cast by inanimate objects.

Their surroundings were dark, but the distant light of a vast essence storm still reached them. So, the shadow of the ancient skeleton could just barely be seen, laying on the black dust beneath him.

Taking a deep breath, Sunny raised his odachi and shaped his will into a slaying blade.

Then, he thrust his sword down, imbuing it with tyrannical killing intent — as lethal and deadly a strike as he could muster. The blade of the odachi slid between the skeleton’s ribs, passed through where his heart would have been, and plunged into the shadow below.

A powerful gust of wind rose above the graveyard of serpents, and the towering pillars of ancient bones groaned, a few of them toppling thunderously somewhere in the distance.

A cloud of dust rose into the air.

By the time the dust settled, Eurys was laying motionlessly on the ground, staring at Sunny with lifeless, empty eyes sockets. A few seconds later, he said:

“Well... that was disappointing.”

Sunny clicked his tongue.

“Damnation. Hey... it's not me, it's you! I am not bad at killing things, you are just too damn hard to kill. Can you even be killed?"

Eurys let out a long sigh.

“It should be possible. I guess you are not powerful enough to break Shadow God's curse yet, boy.”

Sunny remained silent for a bit, then dismissed the black odachi and took a step back.

"Then I'll get stronger. I am relatively new to being Supreme... maybe things will be different when I learn to wield my power better."

He hesitated, then asked neutrally:

“You are not in a hurry, are you?"

Eurys did not answer immediately. Eventually, he laughed.

“Well, you saw those unfortunate fellows in the White Desert. They have been fighting each other for thousands of years already, and are not going to stop anytime soon. However... while they bear the same curse as me, they are different from me. That is because they have long lost themselves, turning into mindless husks."

His laughter dimmed.

"I, on the other hand, have managed to preserve most of myself intact. Not through sheer willpower or because I am special, though — simply because I was nailed to that damn tree before the battle ended. It was the tree that kept me whole. Now that I am free, however, I'll become a mindless beast just like the rest of them soon. My, oh my! I hoped to die before that happens."

Sunny stared at him somberly for a little while.

“How much time do you have left?"

Eurys shrugged and responded nonchalantly:

“More than your world has left, I'd say.”

Sunny nodded.

“Then I'll come back to try and kill you when I am stronger. Perhaps once I become a Spirit, maybe sooner.”

As he dismissed the Shadow Chair and turned around to leave, Eurys called out to him in a creaky voice:

"Didn't you hear what I said, boy? You have no chance of becoming a Spirit. It's impossible!"

Sunny grinned.

“I heard you well. But... says who? The world has changed a lot since your time, Eurys. And if it didn't change enough... why, then I'll just have to go and change it more."

A rat from the outskirts had become a king.

If something like that was possible, then why would becoming a god be any different?

Especially considering that his companion was none other than Changing Star.

Walking away, Sunny raised a hand and waved.

“I'll kill you soon, Eurys of the Nine!”




***
Chapter 2269: Let There Be Light


***






"It's definitely going to work this time!"

A group of tired engineers, scientists, and Awakened stared at a young woman wearing a formal suit, a buttoned-up blouse, and a white lab coat with numb expressions. The woman looked just as tired — there were dark circles under her eyes, many strands of hair had escaped her messy bun, and her lab coat was charred in several places.

However, her scathing gaze was still full of vigor and energy.

"Chief Bethany... h—how about we call it a day?"

"Please..."

"Somebody find Master Quentin... only he can save us!"

Hearing the complaints, Beth frowned. "What is this I'm hearing? A mutiny?"

The engineers, the scientists, and the Awakened paled.

"N—no..."

     "Of course not, Chief!" 

"We were just joking, Chief!"

She nodded in satisfaction, then turned to a complicated control board in front of her. Outside, Bastion was shrouded in darkness. A bright moon hung above the lake, bathing it in pale radiance, and although the streets were illuminated here and there by mundane or enchanted lanterns, most of the city was resting in the embrace of shadows.

The city was too large and populous to be entirely asleep, but most citizens were sleeping in their homes, waiting for dawn to come so that they could continue their work. After all, nobody could work in darkness.

Well... few people could.

Beth turned her head and looked at one of her Awakened subordinates — a stunning girl with pale skin and raven-black hair, barely out of her teenage years by the look of it. The girl was a recent addition to the team and worked as somewhat of an intern, assisting everyone who needed help with menial tasks while she was learning the ropes.

Unlike the rest of the sorry bunch, the youngest member of the team never complained.

"You there, Rani... you just returned from building the road across Godgrave, right?"

The girl nodded with a smile. "Yes, Chief! I've worked on the Dark Road."

The Dark Road stretched across the arms of the dead deity and the entire Collarbone Plain, connecting the human territories in the north. Some of its sections lay under the open sky, but most of it was shrouded by the eternal darkness that the Lord of Shadows had summoned before slaying the King of Swords and being slain by Changing Star in turn.

Needless to say, building a road across a Death Zone had not been an easy project. Beth looked sternly at the rest of her subordinates.

"You see, Rani spent months doing arduous manual labor in total darkness while terrifying Nightmare Creatures and carnivorous plants were trying to eat her. So, what are you, sorry lot, complaining about? When was the last time one of you was eaten?"

The team members looked at each other.

"Wasn't Russel eaten last week, though?"

"Yes, I was! I spent a whole minute in an abomination's stomach! Luckily, Master Quentin was there to kill the beast... thank the Immortal Flame..."

"The cable-laying crews are getting attacked all the time!"

Beth grimaced.

"Whatever! We are doing another run. You guys can sleep tomorrow!"

As groans resounded in the control room, Rani summoned a leather backpack and pulled something out of it. The team members looked at a tin can with burning eyes.

"Wait. I'm not seeing things, am I?"

"Is that... coffee?"

"It's coffee, guys! Real coffee!"

Rani smiled. "Yeah. They are growing coffee trees in Ravenheart now, you know? I got a few cans as payment. How about I brew some for everyone while Chief Bethany does the calibrations?"

The team members exploded with cheers. Some even shed tears.

Beth, meanwhile, was studying the control board — half of it mechanical, half etched with runes and embedded with soul shards. "I don't get it... everything should have worked."

She remained silent for a minute, then called for an Awakened operating the communication Memories.

"Rivergate Hydro, it's Center. Are the turbines spinning? The generators are powered up, too? Okay... 1 see. Keep an eye on the readings and let me know if something seems out of the ordinary.”

"Honey... 1 mean, Master Quentin, you repaired the cable, right? Are you sure that there are no other burned sections? What? What do you mean, a Nightmare Creature chewed through the cable? Why would it... never mind. Just let me know when you finish mending it!"

"Fire crews, stand by. The delay was caused by a severed cable. We will make another attempt in ten minutes... no, it's not going to explode again! There is absolutely zero possibility that it will explode again. Nothing is going to explode! But just in case it does... you know what to do..."

Soon, the delicious aroma of freshly brewed coffee filled the control room. The team members savored the invigorating drink while Beth was staring at the panels and discussing various details with her subordinates through the communication Memories. From time to time, she looked into the wide window to study the dark landscape of the city below.

High above, the graceful silhouette of the Ivory Tower was contoured against the pale disk of the moon.

Finally, Quentin sent a message confirming that the cables laid from the dam built on the ruins of former Rivergate to Bastion were mended. The team members ran to their posts, and a tense silence settled in the control room.

Beth remained near the control panel, accompanied by the young assistant, Rani. "..You re originally from NQSC, right, Rani?"

The girl nodded.

Beth took a last look at the readings, then inhaled deeply.

"I'm from the Southern Quadrant myself. Although I spent quite a few years in NQSC as a student. Oh, and I visited later as a refugee, to pass through the Dream Gate.’

She lingered for a while. "The infrastructure there... ah, it's simply divine. A work of pure genius. But..."

Beth placed her hand on a large switch and suddenly smiled brightly.

"In a few decades, Bastion will not be inferior in any way. And every other city in the Dream Realm, too.’

With that, she pulled the switch.

A strange hum suddenly filled the control room, reverberating through the walls. And then...

The city outside the window suddenly lit up, just like her face had.

Countless streetlamps shone with the bright, steady electric light.

Like stars in the night sky.

The darkness was chased away, replaced with pure, soft radiance.

Beth exhaled slowly and smiled with satisfaction.

"Told you..."




***
Chapter 2270: Food For the People


***






Far away, in Ravenheart, a woman with stunning emerald eyes was standing on a stone platform, hiding from the falling ash under an elegant umbrella. The lower part of her face was protected from the wind by a fluffy scarf, and she was wearing an exquisitely embroidered dress under a fashionable coat.

The woman was looking down at her dainty shoes with regret. The soft leather was already covered in soot, and the silver buckles had lost their shine.

She sighed.

“Ah. I really hate this place.”

All around her, the city was boiling with life. Ravenheart had expanded greatly in the last year, spilling over the slopes of the volcano like a stone forest. The settlement on the great bridge had grown, as well — in fact, the length of the bridge was not enough to house every Awakened anymore, so there were enormous platforms hanging from it like terraces, with their own streets, buildings, gardens, and parks.

The latter were encased in glass, of course, in order to protect the fragile plants from the bitter cold.

There was another platform being lowered from the side of the bridge at the moment. Its unimaginable weight was supported by enormous cables, which in turn were being held by towering Nightmare Creatures. The hideous abominations were grinding their fangs and growling, their hulking muscles drawn taut under their hides — below, a swarm of Awakened builders were getting ready to receive the platform and affix it to the rigid frame.

Nightmare Creatures were everywhere in Ravenheart, actually, performing all kinds of tasks

— all thanks to Beastmaster and her eerie Aspect. That was in large part why the city had been able to change and expand so swiftly.

     Only the magnificent black palace on the other side of the bridge remained unchanged. Well... the palace itself was the same, but its master was different. 

The woman looked at the distant palace with a dreamy smile, then caught herself and turned back to the city with a sigh. “What a dreary place."

Since the most readily available resource here was dark stone, most of the buildings were of the same color. In fact, there used to be very little colors in Ravenheart at all — only black stone, white snow, and ash. Now, however, there were plenty of vibrant islands in the stark sea of black and white. Here and there, crowns of crimson trees rose above the buildings, and crimson flowers bloomed along the streets. Overall, the aesthetic sensibility of the city was vastly improved.

The woman looked at the splashes of vibrant crimson with satisfaction.

After all, she was the one responsible for introducing color and vibrancy to Ravenheart...

Even if it was just to pass the time.

Soon enough, she saw a caravan climb the slope of the volcano and enter the city. Nightmare Creatures were pulling the heavy carts full of precious cargo, with human guards walking alongside them with confident strides.

"Finally!"

Soon after the caravan arrived, a tall figure entered the platform and looked at the woman's dainty shoes and elegant umbrella with a dubious expression.

“Hey, Bliss."

The woman looked at the stranger coldly. “Welcome to Ravenheart, Saint Helie.” Then, she smiled brightly behind her scarf, took a step forward, and gave the taller woman a hug.

“You're finally here!"

Helie grinned, as well, then laughed. “You're going to poke my eyes out with that umbrella...”

Bliss took a step back and held the umbrella higher to shield both of them from the falling ash.

“Come, come. I just bought this coat! Do you know how hard it is to wash off soot?" The two Saints left the platform and headed deeper into the city at a brisk pace. As they walked, Helie looked around, and then said hesitantly:

"This place does not quite seem to suit you, Bliss."

The other woman sighed.

“Oh, I hate it here. But what could I do? Not everyone has an ancestral Citadel to return to like you lofty Legacies. We, newer Saints, are a transient sort... granted, Summer Knight did offer me a prime piece of real estate during the war." She smiled brightly.

“But I turned him down. So, when Song Seishan invited me to come here personally, there was no reason to say no. Don't worry, though — I'll be done in a few years and come back east. In fact..."

Her emerald eyes glistened.

“You brought it, right?"

Helie looked at the lively Saint with a hint of resentment and nodded.

“I did. You know, I just returned from the Eastern Quadrant. But instead of welcoming me from the battlefield with open arms, you sent me on a lethal errand to Godgrave instead. Have you no shame?" Bliss grinned.

“What I don't have are hooves. But you do. So, you can get to Godgrave and back way faster."

Helie looked at her in disbelief.

“Wow. Just... wow. How callous!"

Soon enough, they entered a large building on the outskirts of the city. It was guarded by dozens of Awakened warriors and a handful of Masters, all wearing tense expressions on their faces. Helie glanced at them briefly, then frowned.

Somehow, it did not seem like the soldiers were protecting the building from potential threats from the outside. Instead, it seemed like they were protecting the city from the building.

“Bliss... just what did Seishan ask you to do?"

The other woman folded her umbrella, took off her scarf, and smiled.

"You'll see!”

A younger woman appeared out of nowhere, looked at them, and then asked nervously:

“Saint Bliss, is it here?"

Bliss nodded.

"Indeed. You two should know each other... Helie, this is Ascended Shakti. Shakti, this is Saint Helie. She brought the new samples."

Helie studied the younger woman. She vaguely remembered seeing her among the Fire Keepers.

“Let's go!”

A few minutes later, Helie was standing in front of a heavily reinforced glass dome, looking inside with a troubled expression. Inside the dome... a sea of scarlet moss was growing on the rich ashen soil. Here and there, bones of Nightmare Creatures protruded from the carpet of moss, growing smaller at an alarming rate.

In front of the cell, there were various tables loaded with different, quite mundane plants.

Bliss and Shakti were preparing to open the dome to allow Helie to deposit the plants of the scarlet jungle she had scavenged and stored in a special Memory to be transported.

She hesitated for a few moments, then asked:

“Can you tell me now?"

Bliss looked at her, then pointed to one of the tables.

“You see that? That... is a common potato." Then, she turned and pointed at the glass cell.

“And that is moss from the Godgrave jungle.”

Helie nodded.

“And why is the moss from Godgrave here?"

Bliss smiled.

"Do you have any idea how miraculous that jungle is? How fast its flora grows, and how resilient it is? Well, of course you do. We both suffered that damned jungle during the war, after all.”

Then, she picked up a potato and showed it to Helie.

"On the other hand, there are three billion people that need to be fed once they are all resettled in the Dream Realm. So, if we can just transplant some qualities of the scarlet moss to a common potato... imagine the possibilities!"

Helie stared at her silently for a while. "Bliss... don't tell me... that you plan to crossbreed the horrors of the scarlet jungle with waking world's plants?"

The elegant Saintess blinked a couple of times.

“Well, of course not. I am not planning to..."

As Helie sighed with relief, she added:

“I already did. Where do you think all those trees and flowers on the streets of Ravenheart come from?"

With that, she put the potato down like a precious jewel and turned back to the dome.

“Come!”




***
Chapter 2271: Bright Future


***






An endless expanse of tumultuous waves rested under a twilight sky, shrouded in mist and illuminated by the pale light of countless shimmering stars. Powerful winds blew above the surface of the undulating sea, while below it lay the unfathomable darkness of abyssal depths.

The distant horizon was hidden behind a wall of heavy clouds, heralding the arrival of an obliterating storm.

Indifferent to the daunting threat of the inevitable calamity, a colossal ship moved across the waves at great speed. At least a kilometer across from port to starboard, the ancient vessel still appeared narrow due to its great length. Its ancient hull was made of wood, but had no seams, as if someone had hollowed out a branch of an inconceivable tree once to create it.

The ship was like a city in and of itself, with dozens of vast decks, beautiful palaces, tall pagodas built on its surface, and great mysteries hiding in its boundless holds. It had wild groves, rushing streams, deep lakes, and gentle meadows.

It was Night Garden, the Great Citadel ruled by Saint Jet, the Steward of the South.

The miraculous vessel had been mostly desolate once, back when it belonged to the House of Night. Even though thousands of Awakened had called it home, their number had not been enough to crowd its many decks and countless holds—most of the palaces and pagodas had stood empty, many of the lower decks had remained unexplored, and the groves had grown untended.

Things were different now.

Millions of refugees had arrived aboard the great ship through the Dream Gate, and so, the Night Garden was transformed.

The palaces were now inhabited dwellings. The wild groves had turned into cultivated fruit gardens. The meadows had become fertile fields. Children were playing on the shores of the lakes and swimming in the clear water...

     Countless colorful lanterns illuminated the floating city, making it glow like a vibrant jewel in the dim twilight of the misty sea. 

Naeve was observing the lively landscape of the Night Garden from a vantage point on the bow of the ship with a complicated expression on his face. It was good to see the Great Citadel braving the perilous expanse of the Stormsea once again... it was also rewarding to see it become so lively and thriving, home to countless people.

But at the same time, he could not help but remember the desolate tranquility of its former self... the starlit peace of how the Night Garden used to be under the rule of his clan.

His former clan. The House of Night did not exist anymore.

"Daddy!"

Hearing a childish voice, Naeve erased the melancholy from his face and turned around with a smile. In the next moment, a girl with vibrant indigo eyes and hair lunged herself into his embrace at full speed—he caught her and laughed quietly, spinning her around.

"Wait, wait... you are too big now to ram you poor dad like a hungry shark..."

The girl frowned fiercely.

"Am not!"

Naeve laughed again.

His daughter was already twelve—a fact he sometimes found hard to believe.

His family had finally rejoined him aboard the Night Garden a few months ago. Even then, he did not get to spend as much time with them as he would have wanted to, since there were too many ships in need of guidance and too few Nightwalkers left alive.

So, their lives were split unevenly between the Stormsea, where the Night Garden and the rest of the Citadels needed to be settled and defended against the perils of the Dream Realm, and the waking world, where naval convoys had to serve as the last tenuous connection between the isolated Quadrants.

It had gotten somewhat better after the last of the Stormsea Citadels were reclaimed, and especially after Changing Star used her Dream Gate to evacuate the last remaining humans from South America... still, with the war raging in the Eastern Quadrant and the infrastructure of the waking world slowly collapsing, nobody had time to rest.

Putting his daughter on the ground, Naeve patted her on the head.

"So, you're done with school for today?"

Schools were a relatively recent development. With millions of people settling in the Dream Realm and countless more on the way, there were naturally many children here now—some having arrived with their parents, some having been born under the alien sky. All these children had to be educated and taught.

The Sword Domain and the Song Domain had done little in that regard in the four years prior to the war. There had been schools, of course, but too few—and even those that had been established lacked a unified teaching program and vision. So, most children were either homeschooled by their parents or handed off to caretakers chosen from the members of small refugee communities while the parents worked.

Creating a comprehensive school curriculum for children who were destined to grow up in this strange new world was not an easy task, either. After all, the Dream Realm often refused to follow the laws that had seemed axiomatic on Earth. Were the teachers supposed to instruct their pupils on how electricity worked, considering that it did not work the same way, or at all, here?

Granted, Naeve had heard that someone in Bastion managed to build a functioning hydroelectric power plant. If so, the Night Garden was certain to benefit soon, considering that the great ship itself was known to attract and absorb lightning from the endless storms.

In any case, things had changed after the war. The government got involved, employing the services of many renowned Dream Realm experts. From what Naeve knew, the head of the project was someone named Julius—a seasoned explorer and esteemed academic of the First Generation, formerly employed as an instructor of the Awakened Academy.

Under the energetic old man's leadership, the universal education guidelines were swiftly developed, iterated, and implemented. The Night Garden was largely under the government's control, so it was the first city to benefit from the education initiative—the other cities in the Dream Realm would be opening enough schools to accommodate every child soon, but here, kids were already receiving a proper education.

Naeve's daughter, it seemed, was enjoying school greatly.

Which was why he was surprised to see her before the classes were supposed to end.

She nodded with a grin.

"Teacher let us go early! Something about needing to return home before the... the transition?"

Naeve lingered for a few moments, then sighed.

"Right. So why aren't you home, young lady?"

The girl grinned.

"Why would I go straight home when there's no homework? Dad... are you crazy?!"

Then, she giggled and said:

"I met Grandpa on the way. He brought me here."

As she did, there was a sound of uncomfortable coughing from behind her. There, a man with smooth ebony skin and perfectly white hair stood, his eyes glinting with shades of indigo and deep blue. His towering figure was broad and fearsome, but at the moment, there was a deeply somber expression on his face.

"Brat, I told you not to call me Grandpa."

She looked at him innocently.

"But Grandpa Bloodwave... you're my dad's uncle. That makes you a grandpa!"

Saint Bloodwave looked at her silently, then sighed.

"..Great-uncle. At least call me a great-uncle."

Naeve caught himself looking at his daughter, feeling both warm and cold at the same time.

"Good. It's good."

It was good that she could smile, grin, laugh, and tease her elders without a second thought, still. After everything that they had gone through two years before—all the terror, all the loss, and all the change—Naeve himself could rarely smile without forcing himself to.

Children were much more resilient than adults.

That was why he hoped that his daughter and her peers would build a better world in the future. A kinder world, even if it was not the world their parents had been born into.

Letting out a sigh, he turned to Bloodwave.

"Uncle."

Naeve hesitated for a few moments, and then asked tentatively:

"Is she going through with it?"

He did not mean his daughter, of course. He meant Soul Reaper Jet, the ruler of the Night Garden and the de facto leader of the government.

Bloodwave nodded.

"She is. In fact... because of the storm, it is going to happen sooner. It is going to happen now."

Naeve closed his eyes for a moment.

The war against the Skinwalker was not proceeding smoothly, and the evacuation of the Eastern Quadrant was not happening as fast as it had to happen. After all, there was only one Dream Gate—the refugees had to be brought to a single gathering point from all across the continent first, then screened thoroughly to not let any vessels of the vile abomination pass through.

The Western Quadrant was drowning in the flood of Nightmare Gates, as well.

So, Changing Star and her Steward had come up with an emergency measure. Something to tip the scales in favor of humanity, at least for a while.

But their decision was not without risk. Naeve opened his eyes and looked at his uncle.

"Are we... sure that it is the best course of action?"

Bloodwave shrugged.

"I am not. But if you have objections, you can go talk to Soul Reaper yourself."

Naeve raised an eyebrow.

"Why don't you?"

His uncle looked at him silently, then cleared his throat.

"Well. It's because... that woman. I am scared of her."

Naeve's daughter looked at her great-uncle with wide eyes.

"I thought you didn't fear anything, Grandpa. Why would you be scared of Auntie Jet?"

Bloodwave was not a very expressive man, but at the moment, he looked like someone stabbed him in the heart.

He remained silent for a bit, then grumbled: "How come Soul Reaper is an auntie, but I am a grandpa?"

Naeve wanted to chuckle, but at the moment, he felt a subtle change happen to the world.

The stars seemed to have grown brighter, and the great ship trembled slightly below their feet.

"It's starting. Look!"

The three of them looked ahead.

There...

A white line suddenly cut the fabric of reality in front of the Night Garden, falling from the heavens into the turbulent waters below.

Then, it expanded, turning into a towering, wide rift.

The rift was filled with nothing but brilliant radiance for a moment. Then, for the first time in thousands of years, pure daylight shone onto the surface of the Stormsea from the titanic Dream Gate.

Naeve took a deep breath, then smiled faintly.

"I guess we are really doing that..."

Soon enough, the bow of the colossal ship plunged into the wide fissure of the Dream Gate.

And a moment later, it cut the waves of a different sea.

To be specific, the Night Garden had entered the abomination-infested expanse of the Indian Ocean.

It had arrived on Earth.




***
Chapter 2272: Shady Business


***






Autumn was slowly surrendering to the tyranny of winter, and frigid winds were blowing across the crowded streets of NQSC.

Awakened June had neglected summoning a PTV, so he had to walk quite a distance from the nearest public transport terminal to his destination. It had seemed like a good idea at first, but by now, he was regretting his choice.

He found himself weary of cold weather ever since returning from Antarctica. But then again, he also found himself weary of hot weather ever since returning from Godgrave. Sinking deeper into his coat, June sighed.

Truly, nature has nothing good to offer at all.

People of his generation were truly unfortunate.

There was a reason why he had decided to walk, though. June had not been to his hometown for a long time, so he was curious to see how much NQSC had changed.

The changes were subtle, but undeniable.

The buildings were the same, the roads were the same, and the crisp tastelessness of the filtered air was also the same — here in the center of the city, at least. However, the atmosphere was entirely different.

It was both much more lively and much more feverish, with excitement and fear mixed together in equal measure.

     Most of the people seemed oddly uplifted and confident. They were full of energy. It was as if bright sparks were shining in their eyes — metaphorically speaking... for most. 

June found it odd that they looked so vibrant despite knowing that the world was coming to an end.

But on the other hand, he understood. Even he, once a bitter cynic, felt the same. It was hard not to feel awed after having his life saved by the miraculous flames of a living goddess. People everywhere had spent decades living in a world that they secretly knew was dying.

Now, its death sentence had been officially pronounced — but, at the same time, they were given hope and shown an unambiguous path to salvation. They had been given a clear goal.

More than that, there was someone to guide them on that thorny path.

A person who exemplified the very ideals of benevolence, virtue, and righteous power.

Changing Star of the Immortal Flame Clan... a living legend, someone who was known to make miracles happen.

In simple terms, she had a stellar reputation and a proven track record of leading people out of impossible situations. So, instead of giving up, people were reinvigorated, throwing themselves into working toward a common goal with abandon.

Of course, not all of them.

That was why the atmosphere in NQSC was so feverish. There were also those who were panicking, surrendering to despair, and just plain losing their minds. As June walked, he noticed the carcasses of several burned PTVs on the side of the road.

The walls were marred with scars left by the war. A crowd of protesters had gathered near a tall barrier constructed around an active Nightmare Gate. Not all of them were consummate killers — there were those with Utility Aspects, as well. In fact, those were often much more precious than the combat specialists.

But most of them were.

Smiling amicably, June nodded at the Awakened elites and took a seat.

‘I do wonder what it’s all about.’

The reason he had returned to NQSC and was now sitting in front of an unmarked office was a bit strange. It was a rumor... no, more of an urban legend among the seasoned government grunts like him.

A scary story about an absolutely separate, intangible elite force that operated in the shadows of the Human Domain. A force more elite than even the exalted Fire Keepers themselves, and arguably more deadly.

Most people dismissed these rumors as a scary story, but some dug deeper.

June was one of those who had investigated the rumors more seriously. As a result, he found himself participating in a vicious and, quite honestly, more than a little shady trial.

Having ruthlessly defeated all other contenders, he finally found himself here.

His curiosity was going to be sated. He spent about an hour in the waiting room before being summoned into the office.

There, an Awakened woman was sitting behind a desk, checking something on the screen in front of her.

She had a petite build, with mousy hair and an unassuming face.

However, her gaze was calm and confident, making June feel a little flustered.

"Awakened June?"

He nodded.

"I am Awakened Kim. Please take a seat."

June sat on the only free chair in the office and looked at Awakened Kim quietly. After checking her screen one last time, she turned to him and said in an even tone:

"June. City of origin: NQSC. Infected by the Nightmare Spell at age sixteen, Awakened an Aspect of the Ascended Rank — supposedly.

Stellar marks at the Academy, joined the government after Awakening. Member of the First Evacuation Army... Second Irregular Company, East Antarctica.

Distinguished service. Later retired from service, employed at various private outlets as a security specialist and bodyguard. In Godgrave... soldier of the Sword Army — Vanishing Lake expedition, Godheart, Siege of the Greater Crossing... rejoined the government forces six months ago."

She paused and looked at June, who smiled.

"That''s me."

Awakened Kim nodded.

What she said next, however, made June freeze and feel a cold shiver run down his spine.

"Clandestine alias: Corsair. Black market nightmare creature hunter, enforcer... assassin. Seventy-six confirmed contracts — actual number unknown. Ninety-four percent success rate. Fallen Nightmare Creatures, unhinged Ascended... an unsanctioned Death Zone expedition? Impressive."

June remained silent for a few moments, hiding his shock and unease. Eventually, he coughed.

"Uh... that''s also me."

Awakened Kim — whomever the hell she was — seemed to know everything already, and in chilling detail at that. So, there was no reason to play coy.

She studied him intently for a bit, then asked with a hint of curiosity:

"Say, the Pandavar massacre... that wouldn’t happen to have been you, by chance?"

June met her gaze, considered his next words for a moment or two, then smiled.

"Those guys? Well... they got into some really abominable business for a fallen noble house. Otherwise, the bounty on their heads would not have been that high."

Awakened Kim lingered for a few moments, then chuckled suddenly.

"A corsair hunting down pirates, huh? The irony..."

She paused and seemed to hesitate for a short while. Eventually, she asked:

"You are Vandal''s grandson, aren''t you? I met your grandfather in Antarctica. He was a great Awakened."

June looked at her for a few long seconds, his expression turning. But under the unassuming woman’s calm gaze, his laughter slowly died down.

Wait, is she serious?

He stared at her in silence.

There were... all kinds of Aspects out there.

"...He wasn’t great enough, I guess. Otherwise, he would have survived."

Awakened Kim raised an eyebrow:

"Any questions?"

June contemplated his answer a little, then shrugged and nodded readily.

"Only one. The most important question."

He paused for a moment and with a glint in his eyes:

"How’s the pay?"

The unassuming woman blinked a couple of times, then looked down and sighed.

"Oh, she’s going to like this one..."

Shaking her head, Awakened Kim raised her head and gave June a piercing look.

"The pay is stellar."

He nodded in satisfaction.

"Great. Where do I sign?"

Standing up from behind her desk, she smiled.

"There’s no need to sign anywhere."

Awakened Kim paused for a moment. "The pay is stellar."

Awakened Kim paused for a moment, then added hesitantly:

"Oh, but I should ask. How do you feel about tattoos?"

"That''s the current roster. You’re replacing Master Reaper."

"Reaper’s out?"

"He passed away recently. Old age."

"Damn... that’s a loss."

"You’ll be the new Corsair. We usually give it to older, more experienced Awakened, but you’re a better fit."

"What''s the job?"

"Cleaners exist outside of the chain of command. We are a... failsafe."

"...Failsafe?"

"If something goes wrong, if someone starts acting suspicious, if anything looks out of place... we are called in to clean up. Corpses, buildings, cities, organizations, Clans, governments... anything that needs to disappear."

"And how does that work?"

"That depends on the cleaner. Each of us has our own methods. What matters is results."

"Right... so what are your methods?"

"Poison and fire."

"Subtle."

"It works."

"Can’t argue with that."

"You will be supplied with information, equipment, support, and other resources as needed. In return, we expect results."

"And if I fail?"

"You won’t."

"Right."

"Now, hold out your arm."

"...You’re not going to tell me what’s happening?"

"No."

"...That’s fair."

June extended his arm.

The woman drew a sigil on it with a glowing brush. It felt warm — not unpleasant. Then, she pressed a crystal shard against the sigil.

There was a flash of light, and the sigil sank into his skin, leaving behind a dark tattoo. The lines were intricate and sharp, like an ancient rune or a branding mark.

"What is it?"

"A key. It gives you access to Cleaners’ secure channels and systems. It also makes sure we can track you down if you ever decide to run."

"I see..."

She offered him a small badge.

"This is your identification. It''ll change appearance depending on what you need. Don''t lose it."

"Got it.”

He pocketed the badge and looked up.

"...What should I call you?"

"My code name is Witch."

June smiled faintly.

"Witch and Corsair, huh? Sounds like a pulp novel."

"We do our best.”




***
Chapter 2273: Shadow Clan


***






The next morning, June returned to the government complex at the break of dawn. He had finished his business in the city and packed a bag as instructed, informing those who still bothered to check on him from time to time that he would be gone for a while.

Awakened Kim met him in the depths of the complex, looking just as plain and unassuming as yesterday. This time, however, she was wearing a dark suit of combat armor. The armor, in fact, gave June pause.

It was matte black and unembellished, looking neat, but entirely unremarkable at first glance. However, there was something about the armor that made him look again.

June had a good eye for these things, so he could not help but notice the subtle signs of sublime craftsmanship - how flawlessly the armor fit her figure, how well it maintained the balance between rigidity and flexibility, thus providing stellar defense while remaining relatively light and not at all cumbersome... the artistry of how seamlessly it incorporated subtle elements of modern design into the time-tested archaic framework.

Strangely enough, he could not identify the materials that had gone into crafting the armor. All he could tell was that they had come from Nightmare Creatures of the Corrupted Rank, and that there was an array of powerful enchantments hiding beneath the unassuming surface of the plain black armor.

It was, for all intents and purposes, a masterwork.

More than that, it was clearly custom-made as opposed to being bestowed by the Spell, which meant that Kim, a mere Awakened... was wearing a bespoke suit of Transcendent armor.

June glanced at her with a distant expression.

With her calm gaze, the mysterious woman looked quite comfortable and sharp in her black armor. She showed no sign of knowing or caring - that she was wearing an entire fortune on her body.

     Just who was Awakened Kim, really? What kind of funding did the nebulous force that had recruited her enjoy? 

As she turned to meet his gaze, June finally noticed something that stood out on the plain black surface of the black armor. It was a circular insignia in the shape of a coiled serpent.

He studied the sharp-looking woman for a moment, then asked:

"Awakened Kim... if I may ask, where were you assigned in Antarctica?"

Was she a former member of the Special Reconnaissance Unit? Or maybe even one of the Irregulars companies, just like him?

No... if she had really met his grandfather, then she would have been in the Antarctic Center. And apart from Soul Reaper herself, barely anyone from the First Irregular Company had survived. Everyone in Antarctica had gone through hell, but those people were said to have met the Devil himself.

Awakened Kim shrugged.

"Oh, I was just a pencil pusher."

'Yeah... no way.'

Somehow, June strongly doubted it.

He did not press the issue, though. Instead, he pointed to the serpent insignia and raised an eyebrow.

"Is that the enchanter's signature?"

He was really curious to know which famous master had created this masterpiece.

Awakened Kim glanced at the insignia and sighed.

"Sort of. It's our... crest, I guess. Kind of defeats the purpose of being a secret organization, I know. But our boss and his foremost minion will not listen to my objections. Something about brand recognition and customer loyalty..."

Shaking her head with an aggrieved expression, she headed into the depths of the complex and gestured for him to follow. As they walked, June asked:

"Do I get to know who 'we' are now?"

Awakened Kim nodded.

"You will learn everything in the next few days. For now... know that we call ourselves the Shadow Clan. Our purpose is to perform delicate tasks that the Fire Keepers cannot undertake themselves. Gathering information, eliminating threats, dealing with special kinds of Nightmare Creatures. We are also responsible for establishing a secure base in a remote region of the Dream Realm, as well as for preparations against a potential hazard in the future."

June raised an eyebrow.

"What kind of hazard?"

Awakened Kim pursed her lips.

"I don't know.

In fact, none of us know. That is because, as we were told, the nature of the hazard itself is such that simply knowing about it is dangerous."

He blinked a couple of times.

"How can we prepare to face a threat if we don't know what the threat is?"

She smiled faintly.

"By doing what our boss tells us: You'll understand when you meet him."

They reached the gate of a massive cargo elevator: Awakened Kim entered a security code, and the gate opened slowly = a few moments later, it lowered behind them, an elevator started to move down.

June was surprised. They were already quite deep underground, but there seemed to be an even deeper layer to the government complex. He subconsciously timed the descent, calculating the depth.

Awakened Kim spoke by his side:

"The Shadow Clan is primarily based in the Dream Realm. You will be anchored at our Citadel - our work takes us all over the two worlds, though, so be prepared to travel a lot. Needless to say, it is preferable if no one notices our presence. In case contact with other humans is inevitable, though, you will be provided with a suitable cover identity."

June scratched the back of his head.

"Wouldn't it be problematic, to be anchored to a Citadel in a remote region of the Dream Realm if we need to travel a lot?"

She chuckled.

"Don't worry about it. Our boss can bring you to where you need to be. The Citadel itself can travel, as well."

So the mysterious boss was a Saint - only Saints could transport people between worlds, after all.

But more importantly...

'A Citadel that can travel?"

June suddenly had a suspicion.

"The Nameless Temple?'

The Citadel of the Lord of Shadows was known to be able to move. It had disappeared mysteriously a few days after the sinister man's death people assumed that Lady Nephis bestowed it to one of her Saints, but nobody knew for sure.

The Lord of Shadows... Shadow Clan...

June looked at Awakened Kim with suspicion.

No one knew where the Lord of Shadows had come from. Considering his great power and vast resources, though, there had to be some sort of faction standing behind him - it was simply unthinkable for a solitary Awakened to achieve all these feats alone.

The Lord of Shadows was dead now, having without a doubt left behind a masterless faction. People assumed that it had been quietly obliterated by the Ivory Tower, but what if Lady Nephis assumed control over its members instead?

Nephis assumed control over its members instead?

That would explain a few things.

"How many members does our clan have?"

Awakened Kim looked at him calmly.

"Around two hundred. Half of us are operatives, the other half is involved in information gathering, logistics, and construction. Don't worry, though, most of us are friendly people. You'll fit right in, Corsair. Just... apart from the boss, you need to be wary of three individuals."

June tensed a little.

"They are?"

At the same time, he shook his head slightly, bewildered.

The elevator was still descending.

'Just how far down are we going?"

Awakened Kim spoke in a serious tone:

"First and foremost... our Mayor, Aiko. Also known as the Shadow Fairy. If she starts demanding rent money or charging you for mission supplies, come find me. I can't guarantee that I can stop her, but I'll at least try to distract her."

June stared at Kim, trying to understand if she was joking.

Surely, she was...

But why was her tone so somber?

Meanwhile, she continued:

"Second is our princess, Rain. She's actually wonderful... but our boss might kill you if he catches you looking at her funny. And just so that you know, being killed by our boss is not an escape from suffering. It is merely the beginning..."

June coughed.

'Don't look at the princess funny. Got it.'

But what if she started looking at him funny?

June was not very self-absorbed, but he knew that he was quite a handsome man. Tall, cold, with black hair and blue eyes... he had been known to get a lot of attention from women. Which was actually a bit of a detriment in his profession.

So, June suddenly felt uneasy.

'Princess of Shadows... yeah, I'd better stay away!'

"Who's the third?"

Awakened Kim gave him a long look.

"The third is a man called Luster. If you hear him talk nonsense about the female members of our clan, come tell me immediately."

June's expression soured.

"Why? Does he have unsavory habits?"

He hated people like that.

Awakened kim lingered for a bit, Then suddenly let out a laugh.

"No... he's my husband. I'm going to give him hell at home."

June's calm and collected expression cracked for a moment.

At that moment, the elevator finally stopped.

The gates slowly opened, revealing a vast underground chamber.

The chamber was cylindrical in shape, the ceiling towering somewhere far, far above. June guessed that it used to be a water reservoir, now empty and repurposed for some other use.

The scale of the underground reservoir it was still quite daunting.

However, he was in no mood to pay any attention to the size of the secret chamber.

Because at its center... something that should not have existed stood, towering at hundreds of meters in height.

It was a black rift in the fabric of reality, full of cold, impenetrable darkness.

At first, June tensed, assuming that it was a Nightmare Gate. However, he did not hear the maddening whispers of the Call...

Which meant that it had to be something entirely different.

It was a Dream Gate.




***
Chapter 2274: Dark Lord


***






...The dark fissure in the fabric of reality was a Dream Gate.

But a Dream Gate could not be hidden in an underground reservoir beneath the Central Government HQ. Because there was only one Supreme in the world, and only one Dream Gate... the radiant Dream Gate of Chanigng Star, the living goddess of humanity.

This Gate, however, was out of place. It brimmed with an impenetrable darkness, making June shiver as if chilled to the bone.

He was not someone to deny what he saw, however.

'A... second Dream Gate?'

If there was a second Dream Gate in the world... that meant that there was a second Supreme in the world, as well.

He almost staggered.

Awakened Kim patted June on the shoulder.

"Relax, Corsair. This secret is fully sanctioned by the Ivory Tower."

     June gulped. 

"B-but... the Lord of Shadows... he's dead. I saw him die with my own two eyes."

She smiled.

"Did you?"

With that, Awakened Kim left the elevator and entered the reservoir.

It was only then that June noticed that there were various cargo containers placed chaotically here and there on the floor of the underground chamber, as well as several people busy unloading building materials and supplies from them.

"Kind of creepy, isn't it?"

He flinched, headring a friendly voice speaking into his ear.

Turning around, June noticed a young man looking at him with an amiable smile. Quite disturbingly, he had not sensed the young man's approach at all.

It had been years since anyone had managed to sneak up on June. He still had scars from the near-fatal encounter.

The young man pointed to the Dream Gate.

"A creepy black portal hidden in a secret underground chamber... I nearly fainted the first time I saw it!"

June looked at the towering fissure once again, trying to regain his composure.

"The Lord of Shadows... is alive?"

Not only was the sinister fiend alive, he was also in charge of an elite clandestine force that supported the Ivory Tower from the shadows.

So...Lady Nephis and him had staged the fateful duel, for whatever reason.

June tried to come to terms with that fact.

Somehow, it made a comforting sort of sense.

One Supreme was like a radiant sun, shining upon manking from the heavens. The other was like a vast shadow hiding in the eternal darkness deep underground. Both were working hand in hand to protect humanity.

The goddess and her shadow.

June exhaled slowly, then froze.

'Wait... that's "our boss" Awakened Kim kept talking about?!'

He suddenly felt dizzy.

Who went around calling a Supreme "boss"?! Wasn't... wasn't that sacrilege?

The young man turned to Awakened Kim and saluted her respectfully.

She smiled.

"Oh. Ray... are you and Fleur back from the Eastern Quadrant?"

He nodded.

"I am, but she stayed behind to treat the civilians. Oh, by the way, will Master Quentin be returning any time soon? She wanted to thank him for his guidance."

Awakened Kim shook her head.

"You know that he mainly stays in Bastion. Now that our princess is there as well, he won't be back for some time."

The young man - Ray - sighed.

"I don't get it... I really odn't. When i first learned that Rani - I mean, Rain - was royalty, I was honestly a bit envious. But she went straight back to a road crew after the war! And now she's delivering coffee in Bastion. Isn't our boss a little too ruthless to his sister?"

It was only then that June noticed Ray wearing a suit of black armour similar to that of Awakened Kim.

Everyone in the underground chamber was, in fact, all emblazoned with the coiling serpent insignia.

That suddenly made his heart flutter.

'Does this mean that I'll get one too?'

Would he be getting a bespoke suit of Transcendent armor?

'She did say that our benefits were stellar...'

Awakened Kim, meanwhile, pointed to June and said neutrally:

"This is our new recruit, Corsair. Corsair, this is our best stealth specialist, Ray. Be nice to him... his girlfriend is a healer."

June looked at the young man and smiled.

"Let's be friends."

Anyone who knew anything understood that befriending healers was a matter of first priority.

After saying their goodbye to Ray, June and Kim walked past the cargo containers and passed through the Dream Gate without much fanfare. June had been wondering what he would encounter on the other side with a bit of trepidation, but to his suprise, he saw...

Nothing.

Absolutely nothing. He was surrounded by impenetrable darkness, the kind one rarely encountered in a world that was full of stars, moons and city lights.

All June could feel was the wind on his face, hinting that he was not underground anymore. He could also hear various sounds reaching his ears from a distance.

Awakened Kim was somewhere near. Her voice reached him from a few meters away a second later:

"You will receive the Mark soon. For now, I will use my Aspect Ability on you. It will help you see."

Then, suddenly...

June could see again.

The darkness did not disappear, but he was somehow able to see through it clearly. The world was devoid of color, but other than that, it was as if he suddenly received perfect night vision.

A vast starless sky was above him.

All around him...

Were the crumbled, dilapidated buildings of a dark, ancient city.

He was standing in the middle of a spacious square that rested under the black branches of a colossal tree. The Dream Gate towered behind him, while a wide road led into the depths of the city in front of him.

Awakened Kim spoke calmly:

"This is the Saint Square. Apparently, this is where our boss met Saint for the first time..."

June hesitated to ask.

"Which Saint?"

She shook her head.

"Not a Saint. The Saint - The Onyx Saint. She is the general of Shadow Legion... as well as the combat instructor of the Shadow Clan. She'll be training you, too."

He trembled.

'Wait... she doesn't mean... that terrifying living statue?'

June was actually quite familiar with the Lord of Shadows and his infernal servants, having followed the sellsword Saint into battle during the conquest expedition of the Vanishing Lake.

The graceful onyx knight, the towering steel fiend, and the shapeshifting serpent...

Weren't they simple Echoes?

Apparently, they weren't. And one of them would be training him soon.

He sighed.

"I'm... looking forward to it."

Awakened Kim nodded.

"First, you will need to meet the boss and receive the Mark. We'll settle you in the Dark Castle after that."

June raised an eyebrow.

"The Dark Castle?"

Instead of answering, Kim simply pointed.

Turning around, June looked up and froze for a few moments.

Out there, standing on a tall hill above the city, was a sinister castle built of black stone.

It was grand and magnificent, with dozens of towers rising into the air, each supported by a number of elaborate arches and columns. Grotesque gargoyles were staring down on the ruins from under the eaves.

A grandiose staircase led to the castle gates. In front of it, there was a vast stone platform, meant to serve as the gathering ground for the soldiers in case the enemy was to somehow scale the hill.

Now, however, a stunning temple of black marble was perched on it instead.

The Nameless Temple...

It was at this point that June finally asked:

"I am sorry, Awakened Kim, but where, exactly, are we?"

She looked at him in confusion, then smiled faintly.

"Where else? This is the Forgotten Shore."

June inhaled sharply.

The Forgotten Shore! The nightmarish crucible where Song of the Fallen, Raised by Wolves, Nightingale, the Fire Keepers... and Changing Star herself had been forged.

The cradle of humanity's goddess.

A subtle frown creased his brow.

"Wait... but wasn't there a Bright Castle here, rules by a Bright Lord?"

Awakened Kim laughed quietly.

"There was. Now however, we have a Dark Castle... ruled by a Dark Lord."

June blinked a couple of times.

"That's a little on the nose, isn't it?"

She coughed.

"Oh... it is. Don't say it to the boss's face though. Granted, he probably heard you already - he hears everything, after all.

June paled.

"What I meant to say was that it is beautifully poetic and highly symbolic. Yeah?"

Kim looked at him with a hint of disdain and shook her head.

"In any case, let's go. I need to get back to NQSC soon."

They walked across the Dark City together as she explained a few more things. June was a little bit distracted however, by the sight of countless harrowing Nightmare creatures - or rather, their silent shadows - moving along the desolate streets, clearing them of stone debris or transporting building materials.

It seemed like the entire city was beinng slowly restored to its former glory.

At some point, they passed a magnificent ruined cathedral. Rhythmic sounds of a hammer striking an anvil could be heard from the inside, ringing far and wide in the silence of the desolate city.

June looked at it with curiosity.

"What is happening there?"

Awakened Kim glanced at the cathedral and frowned slightly.

"There... our blacksmith is there, working endlessly to arm the members of the Shadow Legion. He is a shadow, just like the rest of them."

June thought he heard a reverent note in her voice, but wasn't sure what it meant.

Finally, they ascended the tall hill and stopped. The Nameless Temple was to their right, while the towering gates of the Dark Castle were in front of them.

Looking at the dark chasm, June couldn't help but shiver.

"You know, Awakened Kim... looking at this gate, I can't help but feel like it is the maw of a giant, insatiable beast."

She gave him an odd look, then headed towards the gate with a nonchalant shrug.

"Well, that is because it is. This entire castle is one giant Transcendent Devil."

June chuckled.

'This Awakened Kim... she really has a strange sense off humor.'

"You're joking, right?"

The unassuming woman entered the castle without responding.

June hesitated in front of the gates for a few moments.

"...Right?"